10  I wasn't sure if I was going to comment on this film because everything has already been said by the hundreds of other people who have posted their thoughts, but I decided that I should really put my two cents in since this is my favorite movie.This film, in my opinion, is not only the greatest spaghetti western of all time. It is the greatest movie of all time. Period. Regardless of genre. I could probably watch it every day, and be perfectly happy doing so.The music is perfection. The way the music drives this movie is absolutely amazing. The musical genius of Morricone and the incredible direction of Sergio Leone is a combination that will probably never be equaled. The theme song will forever be etched in your brain. In fact, it probably already is, even if you haven't seen the movie! The scene where Tuco runs through the graveyard with the song "Ecstacy of Gold" is pure poetry. And the showdown at the end with that great music- just incredible.The story is riveting. There is not a single dull moment. The movie is long, but Leone's direction is so good that you will love the fact that you can enjoy this movie for three hours.Lee Van Cleef is my favorite spaghetti western actor, and he is incredible as "Angel Eyes." It is the part he was born to play. Eli Wallach is perfect as Tuco. He really shines in this movie. Some people say he steals the show, and I can see why they think so. Eastwood is excellent as "Blondie," although I don't think Eastwood has as strong of a presence as Van Cleef (I know many will disagree, and that's OK because all three actors are superb in this film so why split hairs?).This movie is hypnotic. It's operatic. It's sad. It's funny. It's gritty. It's violent. It's art. It's action. It's pure entertainment. The film is just so incredible on so many different levels that EVERYONE should see it, regardless of what kinds of movies they are into. And it's so cool that the greatest flick ever just happens to be a spaghetti western. If you haven't seen this movie, stop what you are doing, and go get it now!!
10  When you venture out to see a movie in the theatre, you hope to be engaged and have your appetite for entertainment met. You congregate with fellow audience members in the darkness and ideally will leave with a satisfied feeling that only a very good movie can give. The third installment of the Spider-Man franchise did just that for me. The film swung into theatres on May 4th and has broken box office records, making $59.3 million it's opening day alone! SPIDER-MAN 3 is something of a marvel, forcefully shaking off the "sequel law" which dictates that each sequel must inevitably get worse and worse, declining in quality and really being just a cheap facsimile of the sharp original movie. The Spiderman trilogy proves once again (i.e. the Indiana Jones trilogy) that the sequel rule can be broken on rare occasion. In case you have not caught the first two Spider-Man films or need some refreshment on the plot, the starting of this film brings you from the beginning of the first Spider-Man right to where the last one left off with a cool montage of clips placed in the opening credits. Peter Parker (Tobey Maguire) and Mary Jane Watson (Kirsten Dunst) are getting serious in their relationship. But while Spider-Man's popularity in the city is at an all time high, Mary Jane has been let go from her Broadway debut after just one critically bashed performance. Peter is so engrossed in the people's adulation of his alter ego Spider-Man and fails to be a shoulder for MJ to lean on. Peter's former friend, the wealthy Harry Osborn (James Franco), is plotting his revenge for the death of his father who he believes died at the hands of Spider-Man. Flint Marko (Thomas Haden Church) is an escaped convict who falls into a particle accelerator while on the run, transforming him into a shape shifting sand-man. He wreaks havoc on the city, robbing banks and armored vehicles. At the Daily Bugle where Peter works we have Eddie Brock (Topher Grace), a hotshot freelance photographer who has just been hired. In competing with Peter for the best photos of Spider-Man he cheats by Photoshopping Spidey into a bank break-in. Yet still, there are more problems for Spidey: one night black alien liquid oozes from a crashed meteorite, and attaches itself to Peter while he sleeps. This gooey creature uses him as a host, making him aggressive and causing a downward spiral into arrogance and selfish behavior. As Spider-Man/Peter Parker confronts the darkness in himself, he must overcome the need for revenge which has consumed him after some recent disturbing facts have come to light. I will not give anything away, but those twists affect core plot points as far back as the first Spider-Man movie! Writer/director Sam Raimi weaves it all into a cohesive and entertaining 2 hours and 20 minutes. There could be a lot of conflict in such a loaded storyline, but it is handled deftly by Sam Raimi, and he leaves you at the end wanting more. He makes us feel empathy for the Sandman who is out getting money for his sick daughter, and Harry who lost his father. The first Spider-Man was extremely "comic-book", really just a visual thrill ride, while the second one made an effort at having deeper character development in its villains and good guys. The third one leaps astronomically far ahead of the previous two on all levels, making it a strong early contender for the summer's best blockbuster. There is a brief cameo by the co-creator of Spider-man Stan Lee as well, midway through the movie, so watch for that. This movie is the most expensive film ever made in history, costing $258 million dollars! So watch a rare product in today's Hollywood: an enormously budgeted movie that has thrilling special effects paired with a compelling and thought provoking storyline.
10  As a fan of Westerns, I saw this film many times in the early 90s. Saw this recently again on a DVD aft many years. The plot- Claudia Cardinale arrives at her ranch, to find that her husband has been murdered by hired gun Henry Fonda. Mysterious gunman Charles Bronson wants an appointment with Fonda. Bronson teams up with outlaw Jason Robards to help protect Cardinale n her ranch from Fondas evil intentions. There are long scenes where you get close shots of a person's face. Sergio Leone loves the stare-down, and you can see it in virtually all of his films. In this movie he allows the camera to linger longer than ever before. You get those quiet scoreless scenes where the natural sounds of the environment are greatly exaggerated. Leone's opponents take a long time to feel each other out before they act. One may find the long stretches of silence and inaction tedious n boring. Honestly, even i found some scenes boring, especially the opening scene. Henry Fonda is terrific. No one expected him to play such a ruthless and brutal killer. Bronson was decent but Jason Robards was much better with his tip on guys patting females bottom n the tip on don't get shot by a person who doesn't know to shoot. One of the best part bah the film was Ennio Morricone's score, especially the recurring harmonica music during the final closing fight. This is Morricone's best moment in a long, treasured career. I was surprised to know that the story was written by Dario Argento.
10  The guys from Broken Lizard did it again! Super Troopers 2 had me laughing out loud the entire movie!
10  This is a very entertaining animated film. I've seen it twice and enjoyed even more the second time. Billy Crystal said he enjoyed making this film as much as any film he's ever done, so that's a good testimony that you'll get some laughs and enjoy this movie as an adult, too. Kids will love it, I am sure. The "monsters" in here are funny-looking and almost lovable, nothing that would scare your kids (or you). Crystal has a bunch of funny lines but overall I found this to be as much if not more of a human interest story than a comedy. There is a lot of sentimentality to it, even overdone a bit at the end, but that's okay. There is absolutely nothing offensive in here, either. The colors look spectacular, too.
10  I was a fan of the "V for Vendetta" graphic novel, and Alan Moore disinheriting the film was a bit discouraging. But he's always been a little crazy. The film version is everything I could have possibly hoped for - gripping, chilling, intense, exciting, heartbreaking. It gets Moore's music if not his exact words; elements are slightly different, subplots removed. But the idea - as V himself would be so proud to say - remains the same.The plot is surprisingly complex and nuanced, and I don't want to give anything more away than the previews already have. Suffice it to say that a masked anarchist (voiced by Hugo Weaving) must save a young woman (Natalie Portman) during his attempt to expose corruption in the government. Weaving is perfectly cast, using his formidable physicality and imposing voice to give gravitas to the insanity of the character. Portman has gone from child to teen star and is finally emerging as a talented, adult actress following her Oscar-nominated turn in "Closer". Here, she gives her best performance to date as the orphan Evey. John Hurt is characteristically impressive as the enigmatic government leader, and Stephen Rea gives a wonderful supporting turn as the police inspector charged with finding V - before it's too late.The Wachowski Brothers' former protégé, James McTiegue, takes on the directing duties here and helms an enormously impressive first feature, using every trick in the book in a manner reminiscent of his mentors' breakout hit "The Matrix". Unlike "The Matrix", McTiegue allows the story to be more of a focus than the action, and as a result the film is a tense and emotional thriller, with outbursts of spectacularly filmed and choreographed action. Showing more maturity and restraint than the Wachowskis, McTiegue doesn't show off, and his trickery isn't self conscious. When slow-motion overtakes a late action sequence, it seems as natural as breathing. The late cinematographer Adrian Biddle (the film is dedicated to his memory) does an outstanding job, Oscar-nominated Dario Marianelli's score is a fantastic accompaniment to the piece, and the visual effects are astonishing, terrifying, and deeply moving, especially in the climatic moments in Trafalgar Square.With solid acting, great action, and fantastic technical wizardry, it sounds just like another "Matrix"-style ripoff. But the biggest difference in "V" is that it is a story of real ideas - not a fantastic, science fiction creation, but a genuine examination of the human condition. The power of fear takes center stage here - the fear of war, of disease, of famine. Fear is a basic human nature, and has been exploited as a weapon - a method of control - for centuries. And for those who would use it, a masked man waits in the shadows to carry out your sentence. The verdict? Vengeance. "V for Vendetta" is a must-see.10/10
10  As a child, I used to watch this movie religiously. I loved the chemistry between Doc Brown and Marty McFly, I loved the all too familiar soundtrack and the ridiculous way in which George McFly laughs. This movie has become such a nostalgic and feel-good film for me. I had the good fortunate to see all three 'Back to the Future' movies in cinema last year and it was such an experience to watch this timeless classic with people who enjoy this film as much as I do. Everyone has to see this film at least once in their life! Such an amazing, funny Sci-Fi from the 1980's. I just can't get enough of this movie - it will just never get old. Cannot recommend it enough!
10  Huge fan of the book and found this movie to be a great adaptation. The cast did a great job and the storyline was done on par with the book. This was one of the first indie romance books I ever read on my tablet and it brings me so much happiness to see this gem get the credit it deserves. Ten glittery stars! Must watch romance, perfect for fans of Nicholas Sparks!
10  La Haine aka Hate is a story about three friends living near Paris in France (one Jew, one Arab and one black) who have nothing special in their lives and try to live a day at a time by drinking and having a good time and also working (at least the black character, who owns a boxing hall). Their friend, however, is captured by a police which tortures and maltreats him so badly that he is sent to a hospital in a critical condition. This makes the youth gangs in city including the three protagonists start a war against the police and authorities for the horrible wrongs they and their friend have suffered, and suddenly they notice the whole society is collapsing, and all there is is hate and need to revenge...Violence and mayhem is almost everywhere, including authorities which should do nothing but fight against it..This film is powerful and grim. Totally unforgettable is the last scene which at my first viewing time blew me away. It comes very suddenly and there are no warnings what will happen at the end of this film. The message is so important and these marks of the "apocalypse" can be found in our everyday life everywhere. The society is falling and it is "spinning" as the voice over says just before the end credits..The film brings into question such horrific facts as racism which should have passed away long times ago, but no. Racism is such a primitive, stupid and despisable cancer among people, that there is no hope of better future if individuals don't understand the real facts of life and right ways to live with each other. Hate feeds hate as the character Hubert says, and that is something that our stupid race has not learned.There is one very powerful scene just before the end scene and it deals with a skinhead and these three characters who could kill him right away and pay something back. It is very challenging scene and even Vinz, the most revenge seeking character, starts to see things different way after that. The whole point of La Haine is violence in all its forms. Why there is violence and why the hell it is used so often everywhere in every form? Don't we ever learn? These kind of films are important and so powerful that unfortunately people who should see them don't want to or they can't bacause it would be as a mirror for them..The film is also a comment on power used by police as they are pretty tough and hard in this film. Police think that they can use any methods in order to get some answers, or in order to have some fun..It certainly doesn't judge police as "pigs" or violent sadists in general, but it is a warning example of what must NOT happen anywhere ever, by police or by others. One has to see through the film and to its core in order to understand what it says. Otherwise there is no point in watching these kind of films. La Haine is that kind of a film that it should be seen by police and youths as well, because there are still possibilities to prevent things to go too far in our life and world we live in.The camera techniques used in this film are magnificent. Director/screenwriter Mathieu Kassovitz uses camera so smoothly and passionately and there are many similarities in techniques between this film and his more recent, Assassin(s). I am very happy for this young talent to have won the director's award at Cannes. These kind of talents deserve their prizes because there are so many stupid and worthless films which don't have nothing artistic in them and have nothing to say, and are just mindless and greedy entertainment. The black and white is very great element and the film strikes greatly without colors. The same case is with the Belgian classic Man Bites Dog, by Remy Belvaux, Benoit Poelvoorde and Andre Bonzel.A great masterpiece in French modern cinema and recommended for the fans of intelligent and important cinema so seldom found from big studios or Hollywood (there are exceptions, of course) nowadays.10/10
10  The mysteries of religion and death have long been a popular focus among artists of all media, including film.  And while many films question these mysteries, they seldom provide any real insight into the world of the unknown.  In Ingmar Bergman's THE SEVENTH SEAL, these mysteries are not only questioned; they are dissected, splayed, and scrutinized.THE SEVENTH SEAL could very well serve as sort of a manifesto for existentialism.  Its deep acuity and haunting imagery is powerful enough to jar even passive viewers out of their complacency and force them to examine their own reality.  The delicately crafted story centers around a 14th century knight named Antonius Block and his ongoing game of chess with a shadowy, hooded figure: Death.  Bergman uses this allegory not just to personify death, but to illustrate the lengths man will go to in order to avoid it.  In the end, however, Death is a much better player than any of us, and though he may humor some of his opponents by letting them think that they have the advantage, the end result is inevitable: Death always wins. No matter how skillfully we plan our moves or how determined we are to win, we can never beat Death.In Antonius's search for answers, he encounters a variety of very unique characters, each with their own outlook on life, death, faith, fear and love.  Their commentary on such matters is often dryly funny and always brilliant, continuously and effectively challenging our perceptions of the world around us.  For me, the dialogue was definitely the high point of the film, as it was extremely thought-provoking and carefully constructed throughout.  Almost every line spoken is, in one way or another, daunting and unforgettable.  Jöns's description of love as "the blackest of all plagues" is a quote that will forever be engraved in my mind.THE SEVENTH SEAL truly is a remarkable accomplishment in the world of cinema.  It is a deep, mesmerizing, and darkly beautiful work of art.  More importantly, THE SEVENTH SEAL is one of those rare movies that doesn't just entertain, but also has the power to change the way one thinks.
10  Okay, I seriously CAN'T think of anything worse than the PR series. There are many bad things in life...traitors, liars, etc. But seriously, Power Rangers has GOT to be at the bottom of this list. Can you think of anything more stupid than five-six teenagers (who don't even act like a normal teen) dancing around in identical suits WITH DIFFERENT COLORS SO THAT YOU CAN TELL THEM APART? Fans, have you ever come across a real person who gets flung against a mental wall and gets up almost immediately and continues to fight without getting injured? Power Rangers are for five-year old boys, and believe me, I never liked this show even when I was five.I guess you can say Dino Thunder is an exception. The teens actually ACT like teens, and Tommy Oliver actually acts like a mentor, or no, a teacher. It's got teen-humor, though the fighting is lame, I don't hate Dino Thunder.Many people say Power Rangers are crap, but I wouldn't. It would be an insult to crap. So face it, five year old boys, Power Rangers is rubbish.
10  This film entered production before WW2 began, but was not released until it was well under way. With significant fascist-sympathy in the US, and Chaplin himself being suspected as a communist sympathiser, The Great Dictator was a very courageous endeavour. Such risks in film-making - thinly veiled political statements - would be almost inconceivable today. Imagine the fallout if someone were to make an equally satirical film today which criticised the USA's foreign policy?This film is hilarious, poignant and tragic. The tragedy is that Chaplin makes a plea for the madness to end, but it is already to late - for him and for us. A must see if you have any interest whatsoever in history, film-making, politics or sattire as an art-form.
10  I first saw this on cable tv. Thumbing through the channels I stopped just as Donnie Darko was beginning. I thought the title was weird, and readied my thumb on the remote channel selector...pointed it at the TV...and it stayed there for the rest of the movie! I couldn't stop watching! I've never seen a movie like this. The movie has a beautiful aspect (especially the end). And there are a few chuckles as well. Contrary to the more critical commentary, there is depth and complexity to the story that kind of requires you to see it more than once. I'm no genius, but what I gathered the basis of Donnie Darko to be is about our part in the deliberate DESIGN of our destiny, and I catch more each time I watch it. Regardless of anything, sincere thought and expression went in to the making of Donnie Darko. Mixed with skill and technical ability = Art.A WORK OF ART!  In the top 100 movies of all time in my opinion.
10  Don't let the political correctness douche kits who find inspirational quotes on the back of period pads tell you this movie is bad. This movie is highly inappropriate and hilarious. De Niro is legend and no this movie doesn't change that, if anything, adds to the man's portfolio of amazing talent. If you don't take life too seriously and can laugh at some stupid, yet clever and funny, stuff, give it a watch. Not the biggest Zac fan, but hell, even he played his role great. Reading through reviews I think a lot of people are in crappy jobs they don't want and never chased that younger dream. Watch this great comedy and you'll know what I mean.Make the most of it before they ban swearing in adult comedy...
10  With Pier Paolo Pasolini's "Salo," the long-disputed issue of the extent to which a filmmaker can interpret a story on screen has been put to the ultimate test.And when "extreme" cases do happen, do the censors become "morally" justified in interfering with the filmmaker's "creative freedom"?There are a good number of films that can be used to illustrate the issues raised:Alejandro Jodorowsky's "Santa Sangre" can be a case in point regarding the subject of violence and gore (a mentally-disturbed serial murderer and his domineering mother, with surreal images and subtle attacks on the Catholic faith),while Nagisa Oshima's "In the Realm of the Senses" can be a point of reference regarding the subject of sex and nudity (a couple---a geisha and a tradesman---who has practically made sexual intercourse the be-all and end-all of their lives, to the point of obsession and possessiveness).On the other hand, Pasolini's film shows both "flesh and blood."The opening credits, with the accompaniment of a soft-sounding music, and the opening shot of a calm body of water, with a palace (turns out to belong to the high officials) viewed from afar, are deceiving:what follows from thereon is definitely not soothing to one's senses.Set in World War II Italy, where Benito Mussolini's Nazi-Fascist regime is very much in power, the film depicts the ways in which the dictator's high-standing minions are capable of degrading and brutalizing the citizens,particularly the youth, just to satisfy some perverted and homo-erotic desires.The film is divided in four parts (or "chapters," if one may call them so, since the film, it's significant to say, is based on a novel by Marquis de Sade, a controversial and provocative man of letters during his time),where each one represents the stages in which the young, innocent and gentle are deliberately and systematically corrupted and destroyed by the supposed-to-be leaders and guardians of the state---it's like hungry wolves feeding on gentle lambs."Antechamber of Hell" shows how a number of young people, most of them beautiful and fresh, are rounded up, brought to the palace and oriented with the "rules and regulations" that are to govern their existence within the chamber of power---upon hearing them, one gets the impression that this might just be what hell really is."Circle of Obsessions" has the state officials weaving tales of eroticism and sensuality to arouse themselves and the youth into making some of the most perverted sexual acts---unabashed nudity, autoeroticism, hedonism, lasciviousness and homoeroticism are strewn all over."Circle of Shit" illustrates a further debasement:feeding on others' and one's own excrement (there's even a scene where one of the officials lets a young woman urinate right into his mouth) as, if I understand it right, a gesture of wholly accepting the "evil" in all of us---the "stench," to be taken literally and figuratively.The images may truly repel the viewers:a graphic act of defecation, close-up shots of feces (and what a heap!) and the notoriously unforgettable mock wedding reception.Finally, "Circle of Blood" takes the viewers to "salo"---the punishing ground, where the young boys and girls who broke some of the "rules and regulations" are "taught their lesson" by the men in power.Again, this part is excruciating to watch, for the viewers become witness to some of the most brutally painful acts of punishment:how about an eye being removed, just to give a sample?Now, was Pasolini "guilty" of, to use film critic Leonard Maltin's words, "wallowing in his own sensationalism"? I've yet to read the book on which the film is based, but someone told me that the Italian filmmaker was just being faithful to De Sade's work.Meaning to say, Pasolini tried as much as possible to express visually what the French novelist expressed in words.True, "Salo" in its entirety is an extremely offensive and shocking film, the kind to which the moviegoing adage "Just sit back and relax" won't definitely apply.But then, isn't that the kind of response that the film's theme and images should elicit from the viewers in the first place?Not to be disoriented and enraged by the lowest depths into which man's (ab)use of power and satisfaction of primitive cravings and desires can plunge is one of the most absurd things that can ever happen.We should really appreciate artists (directors, novelists, poets, etc.) who have the courage and commitment (an abundance of them, it must be) to explore "extreme possiblities" inherent in human life.Life isn't always like "a box full of chocolates"---sweet and comforting---is it?If it ever happens that "the people concerned" get alarmed, raise concerns about a film and eventually mangle, if not ban, it, it may only prove that the film hits right where it should.
10  I've been reading these books for over two decades now. I was really pumped about the movie. I saw the very first showing, and I can say that the negative reviews coming out about this film are unwarranted. First, you have to keep in mind what they were hoping to achieve with this movie given the budget. It's a similar play to that of the first Hunger Games movie. If they get some traction with this one, then the subsequent movies/TV series get twice the money to work with. I personally think that they did a fantastic job with this first effort. The acting was solid. The story was actually pretty good. It had some great actions sequences, and the CGI was surprisingly good (most of the time). It was also a very efficient use of time. Every scene helped explain the Dark Tower lore to new audiences. It was a fun action flick that doesn't try to repeat the experience of reading the books. I'll always have the novels. I wasn't expecting this movie to recreate that experience for me.Plus, as a die hard fan from way back, it was just great to see Roland and Jake on screen for the first time. It just felt right. Give it a try with an open mind.
10  I really loved the way they seamlessly tied this in with the first two movies. The visuals were outstanding! The old T100 looked exactly as the original! Arnold's portrayal of this T800 was wonderful. The interactions between he and Sarah made for a great emotional basis for their relationship. I loved Michael Biehn's portrayal of Kyle Reese in the first film and was afraid of being disappointed in Jai Courtney's reprisal of the role (though I am a fan of him as well) but was pleasantly surprised by it. I did think it was a bit of a slip up when they failed to explain how the T1000 was able to time travel back to 1984 since he is not metal encased in living flesh but it was too minor of a mistake to bother me much. I look forward to the next installment, especially if this is any indication of the direction they are going.
10  Being french and a film maker myself, I have high standards for ratings, and this one definitely deserves in 10/10. I've not seen a film showing our world with such humour in a long time. The jokes are absurd and possibly, with a touch of British humour to them. The directing is beautiful, the acting is incredible, the shots are somehow truthful, if I can say that about a shot. It may be Omar Sy's first time in a leading role, for a major production, but he really delivered, and not just in the funny parts, the delivery of emotions was just spotless. Francois Cluzet was also just as brilliant, as he usually is. I will be recommending this film to everyone, and seriously hoping it will be released in the UK soon enough for me to see it again! Only negative aspect... the Americans are thinking of doing a remake... why do they always have to? I mean would you reconsider remaking the "Joconde" or the Sixtine Chapel to American standards? Film is an art like any other, it travels the world as it is... no need for remakes...
10  What I find completely ridiculous is why this movie, in my opinion one of the best ever, has such a low rating, so I've tried to figure out what some found against it.I noticed that the haters of this movie who make it have a lower rating than it actually deserves mainly argue that it promotes the government's politics of submission: the idea that "if you're an idiot but you do what you're told then you will be rewarded, but, if you experience life then you're going to die a miserable death." I'm not an American myself so i don't have any intention to defend the government or anyone else, but I think that the political events witnessed by the character in the movie make many miss the whole substance of the film. I think these bits of history only add to the magic of the film, making Forrest part of a fantastic world that seems so incredibly real though. How can somebody say that Forrest is just an idiot, an ordinary person who does everything that he is told to do? It appears to me that in fact,in his innocence, Forrest does what he feels he has to do,no matter the situations and the people around him, lead only by an inner sense of right. So what actually seems to be special about Forrest is that, regardless of his intelligence, he has the capacity to discover simple truth and life values that all the others around him miss: he tries to save Bubba endangering his own life, he gives Bubba's family money and mainly displays simple goodness in everything he does. So if you haven't yet seen the movie or you were disappointed by it, try watching it without analyzing things that much and just open your heart towards that world. The brilliant humour, the hilarious yet touching acting, the special effects and the uplifting message are totally rewarding.
10  If there is one Charlie Chaplin film to recommend, as others have pointed to in the past, City Lights is the one. Though Chaplin played his Tramp character superbly in other movies, like Modern Times and The Gold Rush, City Lights displays the Tramp at his funniest, his bravest, his most romantic, and his most sympathetic. It's tough for filmmakers in recent days to bring the audience so close emotionally with the characters, but it's pulled off. The film centers on three characters- the Tramp, the quintessential, funny homeless man who blends into the crowd, but gets caught in predicaments. He helps a drunken businessman (Myers, a fine performance in his own right) from suicide, and becomes his on and off again friend (that is, when it suits him and doesn't notice his 'friend's' state). The other person in the Tramp's life is the Blind Flower Girl (Virginia Cherrill, one of the most absorbing, beautiful, and key female performances in silent film), who are quite fond of each other despite the lack of total perception. The emotional centerpiece comes in obtaining rent and eye surgery money, which leads to a (how else can I put it) magical boxing match where it's basically a 180 from the brutality and viscerality of a match in say Raging Bull. Though there is no dialog, the film achieves a timelessness- it's essentially a tale of two loners who find each other, lose each other, and find each other again (the last scene, widely discussed by critics for decades, is moving if not tear-inducing). And it's never, ever boring- once you get along with the Tramp, you find the little things about him, the reaction shots, the little things he does after the usual big gag (look to the ballroom scene for examples of this, or when he gets a bottle of wine poured down his pants without the other guy noticing). Truth be told, if this film makes you indifferent, never watch Chaplin again. But if you give yourself to the film, you may find it's one of the most charming from the era, or perhaps any era.
10  i juz finished watching RDB ... and I'm Speechless! I'm a Pakistani, but i had tears in my during ending episodes. whether, it is Pakistan or India, both govt. are corrupted and we are corrupted. Nowadays, we are living but without a soul. This movie followed by Swades, made me and i hope my friends ... ppl from my generation will wake us from living such dead and shallow life. RDB is definitely one of the best shown the ugly side of politics however politics is ugly ... One should realise how our ancestors sacrificed themselves for their and Our's Independence Which we take for granted. We should be ashamed of ourselves. We keep saying abt revolution and change and same time, say our country has no future. How it is possible, when we feel nothing for our country? Well, this should be my review on the movie but i wrote what i really felt at the end of the show. Must say ... buy your next show ticket and Be Patriotic ..Just for once please! thanksfrom, a person living far from his own homeland and just thinking about his own life.
10  It's hard to judge a film such as this. Its cold and hard, yet can be exhilarating and sarcastic. It can be average, yet it can be visionary. Exploitive? Satirical? Too many questions to consider when one watches this film.Even after 34 years, this film still speaks volumes about our current culture, which many ideals are ringing true today. The younger generations are out of control due to lack of parental control, junk culture is becoming commonplace, violence is desensitizing the masses, and we all seem to be enjoying the ride on the way down. It's very difficult to find movies which can make such startling commentary, yet hold on to such accusations for an extended period of time. Nowadays, films are focused-grouped to death, conformity is more powerful than artistry, and money is far more important than quality. Kubrick took a huge leap with this film, challenging society to take a hard look at itself. Unfortunately, society wasn't ready for this film, which is why it is revered now more than ever.
10  When the American Film Institute polled its members and they selected Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch as the greatest hero on film ever, the selection was met with very few dissenters. I'm sure not going to argue the merits of the choice. But I do have a theory as to why.Gregory Peck for the most part played decent honorable thinking men in his films. A few films like Duel in the Sun and The Boys from Brazil have him as a villain, but the public never accepted him really in those parts.Few of us in our lives can be Horatio Hornblower or spike the Guns of Navarone or command a submarine as in On the Beach. But Atticus Finch in To Kill a Mockingbird is well within our grasp. He's a small town lawyer, raising his children as a single parent and most of all trying to lead them by example. The performances of Mary Badham and Philip Alford show the kids have learned it very well as does the uncredited narration of Kim Stanley as the grown-up Scout.Atticus Finch is a very attainable ideal. It is I believe the secret of the popularity of both the book and the film. To Kill a Mockingbird is the story of Atticus Finch and his family during the Thirties in rural Alabama. The action takes place over several months of a given year. The most important part of the film deals with Finch defending a black man for allegedly raping a white woman. It's a thankless task and Finch knows it, because he knows the attitudes of the people there, those who would make up an all white jury. Still he proceeds with courage and determination. His summation to the jury is a film classic and Peck's innate decency is nicely counterbalanced by William Windom's prosecutor who smirks through out the trial knowing he just has to play the race card to win.Other outstanding performances are Brock Peters as the man Peck is defending, James Anderson as the father of the girl he's accused of violating, and Frank Overton as the county sheriff.This film was the debut of Robert Duvall in the part of Boo Radley who plays the autistic neighbor of the Finches. No dialog at all for Duvall who conveys great and pained emotion with a series of expressions that are unforgettable. Duvall played a similar role in another Peck film, Captain Newman, MD.Gregory Peck got the Best Actor Award for 1962. He was up against some very stiff competition that year. Peck beat out Jack Lemmon for Days of Wine and Roses, Burt Lancaster for Birdman of Alcatraz, Peter O'Toole for Lawrence of Arabia and Marcello Mastroianni for Divorce Italian style. No doubt sentiment did play a part in the final award. Lemmon and Lancaster had already gotten Oscars and O'Toole and Mastroianni were relative newcomers. But I sure think the Academy selection that year has stood the test of time.This film has sure stood the same test.
10  Six years ago, a director by the name of Curtis Hansen came out with a small time film named L.A. Confidential. Though the movie garnered several big nominations at the 1997 Academy Awards, the nation had been swept up by the gigantic and romantic blockbuster, Titanic, thus shrinking the chances of this brilliant movie from garnering any real awards. 1997 completely screwed this phenomenal film, in which three brilliant actors gave the performances of their careers.Russell Crowe plays Detective Bud White, a tough L.A. cop who bends the rules in order to bring justice to the city. He is ruthless, and unforgiving of anyone, which brings him into direct conflict with Detective Lieutenant Ed Exley, played by Guy Pearce. Russell Crowe became with this role a full pledged character actor,: the cop with a steel physique, and a vulnerable heart. He becomes so believable and real to the audience, you can not help but sympathize for his character under the circumstances.  From this role, Crowe went on to garner three best actor nominations, winning for his role in Gladiator.Guy Pearce, the little known Australian body builder, became the character known as Ed Exley, a straight, uptight detective trying to live up to the legend his father created before him. Exley has so much to prove to the LAPD, trying to show them that he is just as good, maybe even better, than his father. He plays the politics in a corrupted police department very well, and is able to use these skills in solving the corrupt and mysterious case of the Night Owl murders. This film officially put Guy Pearce in the big leagues of film, making his next appearances in Memento and The Count of Monte Cristo. He is a severely underrated actor who deserves better than what he has been getting.Finally, the ever wonderful Kevin Spacey. Spacey plays Lieutenant Jack Vincenes, a cop who gives a popular LA police show, Badge of Honor, real solved cases in return for money. Jack sees his life as an ever going soap opera, until he comes across a case that somehow has a connection to the Night Owl murders. Kevin Spacey has proved time and again his abilities as an actor, and he continues with this performance. Curtis Hansen does a wonderful job bringing this story to the big screen. His talents, although recognized, have not been awarded as of yet. I can only hope that someday, someone will give this amazing director something worthy of his talents. Highly Recommended. MJR
10  Omg! This is the best Disney Show Ever. It's way better than the old Disney show Kim Possible! We have way more action! It's way more entertaining. If you don't like K.C. Undercover then your lost! Because this is so amazing!!!!Btw the star of the show is Zendaya! she was amazing and great actor,singer, and dancer! She was on the old Disney Show Shake it up after its 3 season Disney decided to cancelled it. And instead of dancing or singing with Zendaya we get karaoke!Zendaya co-star from Shake it up, Bella Thorne will make a special guest star! Disney ask Bella Thorne does she want to be in another Disney show she said no. She wanted to be in more movies that's not on Disney! So if you never seen K.C. Undercover go check it out! It's cool,amazing, and cool! And we get more Zendaya!!!
10  When I was a kid there was He-Man, The Transformers, GI Joe, and The Real Ghostbusters.  I even saw a few Japanese shows that were like this show, but the Japanese shows were much better.  I have only caught a few episodes of this show during my days, but from what I see it is horrible.  A bunch of kids fight monsters using very amateur karate moves.  Who out there thinks this Power Rangers would last a second with someone like Jackie Chan?  Heck, I bet I could take them on all at once.  After awhile the monster turns really big so the Power Rangers get into what amounts to toys.  Toys join together and form a robot...sort of like Voltron, which was a much better series as well.  They fight of the bad guys and then the next episode it starts anew.  All in all I feel sorry for the kids forced to watch this mess.
10  The review 'Lacking impressive visuals, well-written characters, or involving drama, Geostorm aims for epic disaster-movie spectacle but ends up simply being a disaster of a movie.' is a lie, and anti-China campaign! This sci-fi disaster film is disaster for poorly made genre films of contemporary industries! Geostorm is truly photogenic one for real movie theaters! Traditional disaster films depict natural disasters and people around it. And antagonist is nature. However, this film not only depicts the cut of the age weapon that is outer-spaced satellites which can control geographic phenomenon. That is the most effective weapon than nuclear weapons that cannot use in real war. In this film, true disaster and true evil come from human side. Ed Harris played the antagonist, political extremist who conspires use of the satellites 'the Dutch Boy' as weapon to bring about Armageddon against humans. The intelligent conspiracy to bring about killing of people is covered in the way of seemingly an accident. This intelligence is quite real in the real political context of this era. Jake and Max's employment relationship is also typical of this age. Younger Max hires and fires elder Jake even though Jake is his relative...This film's personal development is among Jake and Max's recovering of mutual relationship and cooperation to shut down and clean up the virus- infected geography control satellite 'Dutch Boy'. I'm personally impressed with the Mong Kok, Hong Kong sequence that is familiar place for me. In this film, Hong Kong proudly represented the goodness and international character of China. This kind of joint operation is helpful for Hong Kong film industry and its market! Thank you all for this real blockbuster master piece which something new to us! 10 out of 10!
10  We are getting decent and compelling superhero movies these days, which is a great thing that happened to the genre. Now "Green Lantern" is one of those films that also needs to be powerful, but it ends up being a generic cheesy cinema. "Green Lantern" is not perfectly horrible or the worst superhero movie ever but it's just too much exposition and a whole lot of green cheese."Green Lantern" has a great concept. Just like the other superhero films, the storytelling also needs to be compelling. Unfortunately, the film gets lazy to tell the story so they just threw a lot of narration and even the ones that are not quite necessary to narrate. The action is not very amazing. it's just showing us how eye-candy the effects are.At least the movie is loyal to its corniness. Hal Jordan's wacky imagination and the aliens' zany looking faces. The CGI is pretty. The performances were entertaining enough. Ryan Reynolds is doing his same old thing. Mark Strong didn't appear so much (which is disappointing) but still he's awesome.It's disappointing because they're making the interesting villains into uninteresting. Example, Parallax should be terrifying and menacing. Instead he's a scrambled egg who eats fear. Not really terrifying nor menacing. Peter Sarsgaard's mad scientist performance was pretty good but the only thing he did in this film is crying in agony and use his telekinesis powers in a lame way."Green Lantern" just wanted to show its beautiful visuals. It's not a very bad thing but the filmmakers doesn't take its storytelling so seriously. It can be entertaining for some reason but it can also be forgettable. It's good to see it in the big screen for the visuals but you don't want to see it again after that. This might be the weakest superhero movie of the year. Even "The Green Hornet" is better than this. "Thor" might be the best superhero film of 2011 so far in my opinion because even though the action isn't great, at least there is a compelling storytelling. The sad thing is, both the action and the storytelling are not compelling in "Green Lantern".3D? Very dark!
10  Parody films kind of died in the early 90s, the good ones anyway.  Leslie Neilson made a handful at the end of the decade, all very stupid as they didn't even try like the Zucker bros. did in the early days.  But the last slapstick film I liked was 1993's "Loaded Weapon" so this film was a long time coming.  Most parodies have some sort of target, and this one attacks all the teen slasher pics of the last few years.  Since I didn't enjoy any of them, I really enjoyed watching them get lampooned, as a ton of the jokes are right on the money.  If you're a fan of parody, I don't know how you couldn't love some of this.  But even with all the praise, this still just barely missed being an overall success.  Toward the end it starts to run out of steam, which is really too bad, as a lot of it is too hilarious for words.  I do go along with everyone else in saying I don't know how this got only an R rating.  There is a ton of graphic material, sexually and bloodily.  Some will laugh, others will roll their eyes at the over the top approach to some scenes.  I did a little of both.  The cast, for mostly unknowns, is good, and it was nice to see the Wayans clan finally succeed in film, after about a decade of poorly self-written clunkers.  I see a sequel is forthcoming, although I'm not sure whats left to make fun of.
10  Room (2015/I) was directed by Lenny Abrahamson. It stars Jacob Tremblay as Jack and Brie Larson as his mother ("Ma")The situation becomes very clear early in the film. Jack and his mother are held captive by a man who has kidnapped her, raped her, impregnated her, and uses her as his sexual slave. Jack and his mother have lived in a small, locked shed, which they call "Room." Jack's mother has lived in "Room" since she was abducted seven years earlier. Jack has lived there for all of his life--five years.By incredible ingenuity, motivated by love, Ma has kept Jack from realizing the horrors of their situation. It's hard to believe that anyone could be so motivated and capable, allowing the boy to believe that his situation is normal, but it works in the film and you accept it.What happens next is pretty well known, but I won't go into it because it might decrease your enjoyment of the movie. It's dramatic, frightening, and, heart-wrenching, all at the same time.Brie Larson does a wonderful job as the mother, and Jacob Tremblay has to be the best child actor we have. He is absolutely brilliant. Director Abrahamson must be an extremely talented man to draw two such great performances from his actors.This is a must-see film, but it's not easy to watch. Even though Room wasn't based on any specific incident, we all know of cases of warped men who have kidnapped and enslaved women. It's hard to think about the lives of those women without becoming depressed. We saw the film at the excellent Little Theatre in Rochester, NY. Given the claustrophobic atmosphere of the movie, it will work on the small screen as well. Seek it out and watch, but prepare yourself mentally before you begin.
10  Just finished watching this, And Loved it. Previously Wall-e was the only animation that I rated 10/10. And this is the second one.If You have not seen this You have no idea about how good it is.Its very well written (A True Story) , well Directed, narrated and equally good Animation in all respects. You don't Find Much stuff like this.Its would get a rating of Pg-13 because of sex related material but I think every Children of 10+ should see this because the sex related material is kept very implicit.I hope It will get Nominated for best Animation for year 2011, Best screenplay and best picture as well.I have much more to say but since I have to review lot more movies I will just tell ya: I just Love It.9.5/10. (Better than all animations of 2009) Can't wait to see it in top 250.
10  Mad Max Fury Road is George Miller's return to the franchise he started way back in 1979 with Mad Max. I will start by saying this movie was absolutely batsh** insane. It was filled right to the brim with continuous over the top bloody ridiculous action sequences that keep you on the edge of the seat and just amazed at what Is happening on screen. Now this film doesn't have much of a plot at all but seriously you're not going into this film for an intense plot, this is a film that almost didn't even need one at all. The one thing I was worried about going in was whether I needed to have seen the previous films to understand this one and thankfully you don't, the story is independent of the previous film which was really helpful. The characters were all awesome and it did an amazing job to introduce them all almost instantly and get right into the action. Max (Tom Hardy? and Furiosa (Charlize Theron) were were great and extremely likable characters. Even the villain who I will just call Sweet Tooth was so great, he wasn't anything too special but was a great threat throughout the film. I just absolutely loved this movie, intense action from start to finish and didn't slow down at all, that made it ridiculously fun to watch. The great characters and the performances are awesome on screen and we're always interesting to watch. If there was ever a Twisted Metal movie, this is what it would be. Nothing really let the film down and everything really worked, such a great time and the best cinema experience this year so far. - 10
10  What a disappointment, so much hype and, therefore, expectation but this is no more than a competent sci-fi film, certainly not a worthy successor to the original. I could support a 163 minute run time if there was plenty of content but at times it felt like the actors were moving and speaking slowly not for effect, but to fill in the gaps. As for the plot, everything revolved around the ability or otherwise of replicants to breed. If you have the technology to grow a human body from scratch and implant whatever memories you want I'd have thought introducing the mechanics of reproduction wouldn't be difficult. I could go on but really, this film isn't worth the bother.
10  Consider first the setting. It may be quiet and idyllic, but merry laughter and droll humour open the scene. A group of middle-aged manboys are clowning around by the lake. They are long-time friends of The Hunt's central character, Lucas — bespectacled 42 year old ex-professor, recently divorced and too old to be waddling in the water like a toddler at playtime.But the time is November in this unknown Danish village and everyone is having a good time in yet another get-together. Friends have known each other for years, people know people on a first name basis, many have lived here for generations and Lucas, is just another face in this jolly, close-knit community — nondescript and mellow, respected and well-liked.We are told that Lucas (played with artful and refined precision by Mads Mikkelsen) is not without the woes that come with modern adult life. Living alone and seeking custody of teenage son Marcus (newcomer Lasse Fogelstrøm), he is an ordinary man trying to rebuild from ground up as a kindergarten teacher. Immediately you can see that he is kind and friendly because Lucas walks young Klara home, and chats with her father, also his best friend, Theo. The two men share lasagne while fussing over pet dogs and hunting rifles. You acknowledge that Lucas has earned his place in this neighbourhood and relationships are in complete accord. Then the maiming of his middle-class existence begins.Klara develops a schoolgirl crush and puerile gestures are sensibly rebuffed. Nothing unpredictable or startling at this point. You've heard of such awkward incidents before. But Lucas is then accused of something he did not commit because Klara said something to avenge an earlier rejection.This is where The Hunt succeeds with penetrating insights into social phenomenon — soon after she causes harm, Klara attempts to recant the accusation without success. Here, writer-director Thomas Vinterberg absolves Klara from absolute blame and sets the stage for unreasonable and sinister conclusions. Watching the film from here on out is an unforgettable and riveting experience.It is natural to assume The Hunt simply alludes to the concept of "Witch Hunt", and contents itself with being dramatized fiction about falsely accusing the innocent. But if that were so, the brilliant scene where Klara was interviewed would not have alarmed with its disturbing methodology. The narrative's genius embeds observer-effect with great accuracy and insight into expectations of Klara, and her subsequent reaction. Vinterberg denies us simple solutions in which adults are perceptive enough to decipher the truth. For example, Ole the counsellor, ushered in from an unknown organization is scruffy and slightly unkempt. Characteristically unlikeable, he wears an implicit stereotype on his face and contaminates Klara's testimony by coaxing with a few hints, "Do you remember, if something white came out?"She stares blankly, yet revulsion grows and collective hysteria spreads — allowing The Hunt to unveil itself as a carefully executed masterpiece. The clues match only because suggestive prompts are pushing the limits of disturbing reality.The canvas is visually precise; casting is pitch-perfect (especially that of Annika Wedderkopp in her excellent portrayal of Klara) and the script is cautiously penned.Based on transcripts of police interrogations conducted on suspected paedophiles in Denmark, the US and several European countries; Vinterberg investigates cause-effect with chilling authenticity. There is no doubt that The Hunt is antithesis to "Festen", an earlier work depicting the same subject matter but don't be mistaken — this film does not involve itself with controversial material for the sake of obligatory endorsements. Relentless and intense plot is enriched by characters reacting with protective instincts that come naturally simply because they care for one another. We see the internal worlds of Lucas, Theo, Marcus and Klara, and observe the impact of rotten dynamic unfolding before our very eyes. This forces us, spectators with an omniscient view to sit-up and question judgement using rational exactitude.Short analysis of the ending >>> The Hunt is a superb, penetrating study of human agency and in the end, some mysteries remain unknowable. There are several narratives attempting to interpret the final scene, and who the shooter really is. This person may very well be the same culprit who killed Fanny. Is it Klara's older brother, who has demonstrated protectiveness over her? Perhaps a disgruntled retail assistant from the grocery store? Maybe a figment of Lucas's anxious imagination from knowing life can easily cast him from the status of a hunter to that of a prey?These questions continue to linger because The Hunt's technical finish is open-form and resists finite closure. The image of an unknown rifleman, indistinct and in hiding is a conveyor of figurative conclusions. By doing such, Vinterberg employs artistic device to suggest that attitudes may be outwardly placid, but remain violent and embittered covertly. Just as it is with real life, some hostility can't be neutralized and a malevolent presence continues to loom over the horizon, willing to perpetuate an abyss of moral panic.https://cinemainterruptus.wordpress.com
10  This film is by far the best of the Python outings. It ranks as one of my favorite films of all time, which unlike 'The Holy Grail', hasn't dated with time but improves with repeated viewing.The Pythons supposed take on Christianity, which caused outrage when it was first released (mostly by people who hadn't seen it), is actually a take on cults, both religious and political, and the people who follow them.Brian, our hapless hero, is confused, horny, and constantly mistaken for the Messiah; who just happened to be born in the manger next to him. Brian just wants to be left alone, and to pursue his love for Judith, a member of the People's Front of Judea. Judith just wants the Romans to go home; but only after they've left the sanitation, the medicine, education, irrigation, roads, public order, etc., etc. ... oh and don't forget the wine! Will Brian's love for Judith go unrequited? Will only the cheese makers be blessed, or does this refer to all manufacturers of dairy products? And just what have the Romans ever done for us? It's subtle; it's anarchic; and it's possibly still banned in Norway. This is classic seamless comedy at its best. 10/10.
10  The sequel to Star Wars is argueably the best of all the Star Wars films.This is much darker than the 1st one.Look for the Super Star Destroyer,it is a awesome ship.Boba Fett makes his fist appearence here.The chase scene the M.Falcon is being chased down by the Star Destroyers and Tie Fighters is really a cool scene.I f you like the 1st Star Wars then you will love this one!Note: The special edition has added scenes,special effects,sounds,and creatures. To ME the highlight of this special edition is seeing the Wampa monster!
10  This is a brilliant film (referring to the Japanese original).I watched this movie shortly after watching Studio Ghibli's OCEAN WAVES by the same director. Ocean Waves charmed me but it was Nausicaa which put tears in my eyes.The original Japanese version (with English subtitles) is now available on Region 2 DVD from Japan and also includes a commentary track - albeit in Japanese only. One final point: Nausicaa is wearing trousers which are roughly skin coloured - someone here got the idea that she was naked from the waist down.
10  This is a MUST WATCH film. Deeply entertaining, Dangal manages to do what few other Bollywood movies have ever accomplished: move and inspire the audience. A beautiful true story with themes of family legacy, gender dynamics and expectations, courage, and the state of Indian sports - all of which are seamlessly sewn together in a film that, though almost 3 hours long, keeps you glued to your seat from beginning to end. Aamir Khan is excellent, but Dangal's highest triumph lies in the power and grit of the young actresses portraying Geeta and Babita, as well as their older counterparts (especially Fatima Sana Shaikh, who steals the show with her raw beauty and strength). The wrestling scenes are realistic and flawless, containing some of the best editing I've ever seen in a sports film.
10  A fairy flies around the face of an enthralled, fairy-loving girl for the first time, and she just looks straight ahead, smiling vaguely. Giant black bugs crawl up her arms and she ignores them. A terrible monster sits quietly at a food-laden dining table but ehhhh she's hungry so no need to even keep an eye on it. BUT OH when a thing hits a guy hard in the face yes of course the face breaks and blood squishes through the ruptures and his dad cries out in anguish and tries to reach for him and then the guy gets a bullet and more blood squirts out and then the dad gets shot too and more blood squirts out. Etc. etc. for two hours. The message: Fantasy is irrelevant; guns are reality.
10  After hearing nothing but critical acclaim for this film, and the book it was based on, I finally got to see it. I am quite amazed at how well done this film is, and how timeless the theme is. I haven't read the book, but I'm considering it, just to see if there are any details that were left out. The story is amazing and exceptionally told. As far as I know, the film is as close to the book as it could possibly be; some call it the most accurate book-to-film conversion ever. The plot is very good, it takes a timeless problem and presents it to us, through the innocent eyes of a naive child. The pace is very good; apart from The Godfather(the first one) and one or two other exceptions, this is the only drama where there was truly not one single moment that I found dull, boring or unimportant. Nothing seemed trivial in the film. The perspective that is forced upon us is that of a young child, naive and innocent. This is a brilliant idea, as the eyes of a child is without a doubt one of the most impressionable things in the world, and the film handles this perfectly. What really makes the film, apart from the brilliant and possibly unique perspective, is the fact that the children are likable, credible and charming. You couldn't help but like them; believe me, normally I really dislike children. I find them annoying, loud and egotistical. But with this film, I couldn't, for one second, muster up any tiny amount of aggression, or even annoyance. They come off as so likable, charming, and, most importantly, *real*. Almost every kid in any Hollywood movie is either a completely ridiculous stereotype/cliché of a brat, who does nothing but destroy things around him, or the exact opposite, a little angel. Everyone knows that no child is the latter all the time, and even I will admit that there probably doesn't exist too many children who are the first, either. In this film, the children are completely real. They are naive, innocent, they disobey what their father tells them, but ultimately, they obviously love and respect their father, and they never do anything, anything at all, with the intent to hurt or harm someone or something. That is what a child is; innocent. They do what they do because they do not know better. This film provides a perfect view into their world, or, rather, their perspective of it. The acting is excellent. The child actors exceed all expectations. I was amazed at how professional and convincing they were. The other actors all give great performances as well. The cinematography is excellent; once again, it gives a perfect perspective on what your surroundings look like when you're a child. The characters are well-written, credible and well-casted. The dialog was well-written. The script was excellent. A very memorable and beautiful film, should be viewed by almost anyone. I recommend this to anyone who likes dramas, and just about anyone who for one reason or another might enjoy this. Don't be scared off by it being over forty years old, or it being black and white; it's an excellent film, and just about anyone would enjoy it. Don't miss this perfect film. 10/10
10  Cirque Du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant, based on the popular series of books by Darren Shan, is a fantasy-adventure about a teenager who unknowingly breaks a 200-year-old truce between two warring factions of vampires. Pulled into a fantastic life of misunderstood sideshow freaks and grotesque creatures of the night, one teen will vanish from the safety of a boring existence and fulfill his destiny in a place drawn from nightmares.16-year-old Darren (Chris Massoglia) was like most kids in his suburban neighborhood. He hung out with his best friend Steve (Josh Hutcherson), got decent grades and usually stayed out of trouble. But when he and his buddy stumble upon a traveling freak show, things begin to change inside Darren. That's the exact moment when a vampire named Larten Crepsley (John C. Reilly) turns him into something, well, bloodthirsty.Newly undead, he joins the Cirque Du Freak, a touring sideshow filled with monstrous creatures from a snakeboy and a wolfman to a bearded lady (Salma Hayek) and a gigantic barker (Ken Watanabe). As Darren flexes his newfound powers in this dark world, he becomes a treasured pawn between the vampires and their deadlier counterparts. And while trying to survive, one boy will struggle to keep their brewing war from devouring what's left of his humanity. Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant 10/10
10  Roger Thornhill is an advertising man.  However when he is kidnapped it is clear that he has been mistaken for someone else.  When he tries to find out what's going he is framed for murder and sets out on a cross country run to survive.  Along the way he meets danger, adventure and beauty in the shape of the mysterious Eve Kendall.  However when he finds the truth he is drawn towards a final showdown with the dangerous Vandamm.Rightly regarded as a classic and can more than compete with today's thrillers that too often rely on special effects to make up for the lack of genuine suspense.  Here the plot requires a great deal of faith, but it is brought off with such style and energy that it is totally absorbing.  The action is great and the several main scenes have become part of popular culture and are regularly spoofed on TV etc.  The romance works as well and Thornhill and Kendall exchange plenty of good scenes.The dialogue is great and the direction is faultless from Hitchcock.  Many thrillers run over 2 hours - but only the good ones can stand up to repeated viewings.  Northwest can take back to back viewings it is so good.  The plot may have been put together as shooting went (as was the case with at leastone key scene) but it all stands together well.  The acting is also perfect, Grant's rebirth as a thriller man is brilliant and is one of Hitchcock's best everyman characters.  Marie-Saint is yet another dangerous blonde but is very good. James `The Voice' Mason is excellent, while Landau adds great homosexual subtext to his character.  The ever present Leo G Carroll IS Mr Waverly but is still enjoyable and even support roles like Landis as Thornhill's mother is perfection!Over 40 years on this film has barely dated. Hearing the music is enough to make me want to see it again, while the direction, set pieces, dialogue and performances are all pitch perfect.  A wonderful thriller for young and old - no sex, no swearing, all thrills.
10  I feel my self lucky that i just realize that there are still good movies out there. Why am i lucky??? Because i have got too many titles to watch and enjoy as of today. Thank you khan thank you India. Warm, happy, mind tickling, funny... Only three days ago i was not aware of bollywood and aamir khan but know they got me and i am a fan. It was pure luck, my girlfriend somehow watched the movie online in my ipad one night, the next day while i was checking the tabs i just saw the tab for p.k. I just click the play and i was in for abt 170 mins without blinking of an eye :) i wish i should be able watch in the theater but in Turkey there is no chance so far.
10  In respect to the many kids of the seventies. I rated this movie as one of the greatest movies ever made. I was thirteen and enjoyed this fantasy getaway more than I could count. Like many other kids of the seventies you left reality before walking into the theatre and escaped into the adventure once the reels begin rolling. It provided the special effects and excitement a kid was looking for. Even today when I watch this movie on VHS I recall those times. Whenever I get the chance to watch it I feel like that eager thirteen year old over and over again. I hope the new movies will meet the same expectations of kids of  this decade and the next.
10  one word for people who wonder why it rates above 8 on IMDb is - if you make films which are real they will hit the target. This movie is about real people REAL LANGUAGE real stupidity and at time real humor. It provides insight for everyone into rural lower and middle class who travel in local train and still go to Melas ! wear floral print shirts and have attitude to die for.watch it once and i can bet you want to travel in the cheapest class in Indian railways. To see how real it really is. meet the other 70 percent of India !!! Songs are straight from heart of rural India. Action will blow you away. comedy will keep you cracking every 10 minutes well orchestrated movie look forward to more of these. A real cult movie in Indian cinematic history.
10  Terminator 2 is an amazing action packed movie from writer / director James Cameron. Arnold Schwarzenegger is at the top of his game returning to play the cyborg the T-800, his most famous movie role. James Cameron's love of Science Fiction and action coupled with the latest film making technology pushed the boundaries in 1991 to their limit. James Cameron uses classical action shots that allow the viewer to see what is going on at all times, something newer film makers/ editors should pay attention to. The reason this film works so well is down to the story itself and the concepts it deals with, James Cameron always writes interesting stories for us to think about but were he differs to 99% of other directors is he merges this with jaw dropping set pieces filmed with energy, often a moving camera shot he totally understands that this is an entertainment medium, he never forgets about his characters though and this why his films always have heart. Terminator 2 is one of the best action / science fiction films of all time, James Cameron is the best action director of all time and Terminator 2 is proof of that.
10  i want to say somethings about the most poetic,philosophical and intuitive director, tarkovsky and his movies ,especially Stalker.first of all, we must all know that, tarkovsky is not for all. his poetic understanding of life and human and putting this understanding to his movies is unique in the world for my opinion. one of the most poetic and philosophical movies of him, Stalker is that kind of movie. it is like a poem written with objects. we must feel before we try to understand.opening sequence of film contains some kind of expressionist objects with related the moral and inner conditions of the people living in the town . the "dirty" black and white take gives the viewers ,the mood of people having nothing to live, nothing to believe and nothing to give others.and the aggressive green take in the "zone" gives another vision of the life. the camera moves very slow to make us to go into to film and feel the film. tarkovsky's usage of objects and colours is very different and that is why i think he was a cinema poet. on the other hand, in addition to this "poem written with objects", the film also has very deep philosophical content. what is life,what is human, what is goodness, what is selfishness, what is devotion, what are the bases of our civilizations etc. and people are made to think all these things, not mostly with dialogs but with objects and colours and complete vision. for example, the three objects shown while the camera goes into the water ,but actually to the heart of human being and we see one cringe, one gun and one religious icon. and these are the metaphors of the human civilizations for my opinion. and all the journey into to the "zone" and finally "room" , actually done into the human being. into our selfishness,into our subconsciousness, our badness,our goodness, our weak and strong parts. actually i can feel that , the things searched in this movie are our lost innocence . the stalker is the only people who believes something and needs to believe .and actually the journey itself is a fake. to go to the truth,faith,justice, goodness are being related with innocence in that movie. the microcosms shown poetically in the water is another metaphor shows human being's selfish behaviour. because human, destroys the things,destroys the innocence, destroys the world living around them.our today's civilization broke our strong cooperation with nature and changed this relationship to a nature disaster. the movie gives the message of the need of mercy to all the living and even non-living things in our nature. because human being's salvation is only related with that.and the need of hope, need of believe is human being's basic needs. and our modern world destroyed all the hopes and believes. the movie contains metaphors making us to feel and think about those needs.and the most critical thing is felt in the film that self-denial is the basic need in our world.and unfortunately this value is lost and needed to be re-gain.i can tell about all the metaphors in the movie but no need. because every person understand those things different like kafka's novels. and we just need to watch the movie with no prejudice but with open heart.i recommend this film to all the cinema-lovers. i recommend also not to try to understand this film. only leave yourself to this great poem and it will give you all you need.
10  This is the true story of Christopher McCandless, a college graduate who becomes a bum and eventually bites off more than he can chew by taking on the Alaskan frontier.Early on in the movie, I sort of liked the main character, and the premise behind his motives, but as time goes by, I came to regard him as selfish, silly and maybe a bit insane.He leaves his mother, father and sister distraught for over 2 years, not knowing where he is or if he is even alive. The portrayal of his 'traumatizing' upbringing was laughable (omg, his parents actually argued loudly and threatened to divorce each other a few times!). So what? As these facts came up, you come to dislike Chris (Alexander Supertramp), more and more. It becomes obvious he is just another spoiled suburban kid running from adult responsibilities, refusing to grow up, yet in the end meeting his match by taking on the Alaskan wilderness, which by the way, doesn't give two figs about how well meaning you are in your quest for 'answers'. Nature has no pity for the dumb.Why did they make a movie about this idiot in the first place??
10  Truly the worst excuse for comedy ever created, imo. There is no analogy low enough to describe it. In fact, Netflix, if you raised the subscriber fee to make garbage like this, and continue, I'm out. Not worth the 1 star.
10  Series note: It is strongly advised that you watch this film only after seeing Alien (1979). This is a direct continuation of that story.57 years after the events of the first film, Ellen Ripley (Sigourney Weaver) is found and awakened from hyper sleep to discover that a terraforming colony has been set up on LV-426, the planet wherein she and her fellow crew of the mining cargo spaceship Nostromo first encountered the titular aliens. When Earth-based communications loses contact with LV-426, a band of marines are sent to investigate, taking Ripley and a representative from the company that financed the colony, Carter Burke (Paul Reiser) along for the ride.For the difficult job of following up Ridley Scott's excellent Alien, director James Cameron decided to go a completely different route--to make a fast moving, slightly tongue-in-cheek, boisterous action extravaganza. Remarkably, he was able to do that while still maintaining a stylistic and literary continuity that melds Aliens seamlessly with the first film.Ripley is much more fully developed in this film, although unfortunately, some of the most significant scenes were deleted from the theatrical release (if at all possible, watch the 2-hour and 37-minute director's cut instead). Cameron fashioned Aliens into a grand arc where Ripley's actions at the end of the film have much more meaning as she's not only fighting monsters, but also fighting to retain a semblance of something she lost due to her 57-year hyper sleep. As in the first film, she is still the most intelligent, courageous and resourceful member of the crew, but she has much more colorful company.The marines accompanying Ripley back to LV-426 may be too cartoonish for some tastes (as for viewers of that opinion, most of the action and the film overall is likely to be too cartoonish), but for anyone more agreeable to that kind of caricatured exaggeration, it's a joy to watch. I'm a big fan of both Bill Paxton and Lance Henriksen, and both turn in wonderfully over-the-top performances, at their diametrically opposed ends of the emotional spectrum--Paxton as the spastic surfer/redneck and Henriksen as the intense, moody sage, with a surprising reality and an even more surprising conscience to go along with it. We also get a cigar-chomping Sergeant, a crazy, butch Private, and a complex, pensive Corporal as main characters, and a mysterious, bright young girl (played in a terrific performance by Carrie Henn). Much of the center section of the film hinges on the interrelationships of these characters, despite the action trappings going on around them.Cameron carries over the crypt/labyrinth motif of the first film, and adds a metaphorical descent into the bowels of hell in the climax. The action throughout is suspenseful. Aliens contains one of my favorite "cat fights" in any film. It's also worth noting the influence this film may have had on Paul Verhoeven's Starship Troopers (1997)--although admittedly, we could say that Cameron was influenced a bit by the Robert A. Heinlein book, as well. Throughout all of the varied action sequences, as well as the important early scenes of colonists on LV-426, Cameron is able to clearly convey the logistics of very complex sets, so that viewers remain on the edges of their seats.Part of what makes the monsters so effective is that we're not told too much about them. We only get glimpses into their physiology's, their behavioral patterns and their intelligence. Cameron gives us just enough to become wrapped up in the film, but not so much that we become overly familiar with the aliens, or start to question the logic behind the film. He also smartly carries over some devices from the first film that were abandoned to an extent, such as the acidic blood of the aliens, and he supplies answers to the few questions that the first film raised, such as why the blood doesn't corrode instruments and objects when a dead alien is examined.Aliens is yet another example of a sequel that is just as good as an original film in a series. Just make sure you watch both in order, and try to watch the director's cuts.
10  "Amadeus" is a great film that is deep, thought-provoking, and overall exceptional.  The film deals with the last few months of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's (Oscar-nominee Tom Hulce) life, told in flashbacks by an old, washed-up musician named Antonio Salieri (Oscar-winner F. Murray Abraham). Salieri tells of the genius, the ingenuity, and the insanity of the young musician who died mysteriously at the age of 35.  Salieri's jealousy may have led him to kill the young composer, but that is something that will never be known.  "Amadeus" is an interesting commentary that tries to fill holes in history and succeeds amazingly.  By mixing fact and probable fiction, the film-makers succeeded in creating a truly remarkable motion picture that is easily one of the best of the 1980s.  5 stars out of 5.
10  There is simply no denying that Miyazaki is the Godfather of Japanese Animation, time and time again delivering unto the public works of such incredible beauty, such stunning visual and sensory delights, such mastery of storytelling, that one can only be left speechless. Overwhelmed. Intoxicated with wonder. Such is the magic of Spirited Away.Much like Miyazaki's previous feature Princess Mononoke, Spirited Away is an epic fairytale fantasy that deserves no better medium than the stunning animation work of Studio Ghibli. This multiple award-winning masterpiece has grown to become the largest grossing film in Japanese history, and rightly so. From the moment our child heroine Chihiro enters the bath houses we are literally bombarded with an overwhelming sense of detail and rich, lavish colours rarely - if ever - seen in western animation. Scenes such as Chihiro running through the field of flowers, the marvellous landscapes seen from the train, Haku and Chihiro soaring the skies above, and Chihiro running across the pipe to climb the walls of the bath house are nothing short of breathtaking, and undoubtably some of the most lavish animation ever to hit the screen.The world of Spirited Away is simply bustling with life; unique, quirky, instantly lovable creatures jostling about their daily activities and tasks in the bath houses, dancing across the screen like leaves caught in a playful summer breeze. The inventiveness of Miyazaki's character designs, much like in Mononoke, is wonderful to behold, in fact not since classic tales like Lewis Carroll's Alice In Wonderland and The Neverending Story have we been able to fall hopelessly in love with such original, quirky, magical, even fantastical characters. The viewer is plunged headfirst into another world for nearly two hours and one cannot help but be completely and utterly captivated.The music and original score is stunningly beautiful, the original Japanese language track of such high quality that one wonders why someone could insult the work by producing a dub track at all. With a plot differing in its complexity on so many levels, from the basic storyline, to the omnipresent universal themes, to the riddling of Japanese history and fable throughout, children and adults alike will be mesmerised from start to end. A magical, awe-inspiring, tearful, laughter-filled, heartfelt journey through a land of sweeping fantasy and dreams.Prepare to be Spirited Away........................
10  One of the most cherished fantasy films to ever grace the screen, "The Wizard of Oz" stands as a crowning achievement in 1930's film making. The special effects are highly impressive considering the limited technology available at the time, not to mention they are infinitely more endearing than most CGI effects present in today's films. The lavish sets, impeccable costume design, and glowing Technicolor help to create a convincing and enchanting Land of Oz. And though obviously filmed on a soundstage, the sets never seem confining; thanks largely in part to the meticulous backdrop paintings used to add depth to the foreground. The musical numbers are quite lively & catchy -- never slowing the pace of the film -- except perhaps for the Lion singing "King of the Jungle". Judy Garland truly shines in her portrayal of Dorothy, perfectly capturing the wide-eyed innocence of her character. She definitely deserved the special Oscar she was awarded for her performance. Margaret Hamilton as the Wicked Witch of the West, Ray Bolger as the Scarecrow, and Frank Morgan as the Wizard also turn in praiseworthy characterizations. Definitely timeless in every sense of the word, this film is recommended to those of all ages  a 10/10!
10  Watched the premiere of Ghost Wars pilot ans was thoroughly entertained.The show's concept is very interesting and the characters as well.The show deals with the scenario of the small town Port Moore cut off from the rest of the world overrun with ghosts which have the ability to implant visions into the local town folk and manipulate the peoples individuals fears.The town folk have the local outcast Roman mercer played by Avan Jogia who has the ability to see through these visions so he becomes the only layer of protection against Ghosts who also happens to be a Psychic.The other characters which are the Reverend Dan played by Vincent D'Onofrio and the Town Bully played by Meat Loaf are also interesting and the eerie vibe the location and look of the show is a character too.Looking forward to see where show grows and how the town survives with the characters introduced.
10  A beautiful film that does not forget that its purpose as a murder mystery is to intrigue and thrill an audience. Definitely worth seeing in theaters to experience the amazing production design, which is supported by a strong cast that re-create an authentic Agatha Christie experience. Bravo!
10  What to say, great cast, action from start to finnish. If your mid 30s to early 40s then the connection of playing the game on your speccy or C64. It brinigs it all back. Great special effects and the movie flys in as well. Theres also humur through out as well. Not an in depth film but if yur looking for action then this is a good film to go see. :-)
10  So, I started watching the series for to Kim Coats, and then it caught me, good writing is giving us some excellent stories, and the acting is pretty decent... Let´s hope that it keeps getting better! If in doubt, give it a try!
10  Proof, yet again, that the biggest budget will get you nothing but fancy effects.  The script is the most important part, and this one sizzles. Perhaps one of the funniest movies of all time.  Yes, there is a British sense of humor, but unlike many English movies and understanding of British humor is not entirely required. There is physical comedy, musical comedy "It's only a model". And of course it wouldn't be a Monty Python movie without ripping "society" a new butt.  "Oh, King, eh?  Very nice." "Bring out your dead!"4 stars
10  Still powerful after all these years, it's easy to see why this film won so many awards. Even though it isn't classified as "film noir," it might as well be, as it has the earmarks of one: gritty, downbeat with a feeling of dread, magnificent black-and-white cinematography, etc.It's certainly not a "fun" movie but if you appreciate great film-making, you have to rate this near the top of the list Not only is the direction (by one of the all-time greats, Elia Kazan) superb and the photography striking, the acting also is top-rate.Marlon Brando was just riveting to watch in here and deserved all the accolades he received for his performance. Talk about a guy with mixed emotions and a tormented soul! Eva Marie Saint, as Brando's "conscience" and love interest, proved to be worthy in her role.The rest of the characters were angry people, always shouting it seemed, always upset at someone. Even the priest, played by Karl Malden, was that way although one of his passionate speeches was remarkable to hear. How many films does one hear about Jesus Christ being everywhere men are? None I can recall, offhand. He, like Saint's character, also influenced Brando to do the right thing.Lee J. Cobb filled his bill as the angriest of them all, the labor boss who would have anyone killed who dare speak out against his illegal practices, and Rod Steiger was his normal intense self as Brando's older brother. Hey, almost everyone was intense in this film. It gets you involves and wears you out by the end.Steiger and Brando's conversation in an automobile fairly late in the film ("I couda been a contenda") is one of the most famous scenes in movie history, but I found many memorable scenes in this movie....too many to recount here.Suffice to say if you are looking for a hard-nosed drama with great acting and photography, a film that still looks and sounds up-to-date in many respects, don't be afraid to give this "oldie" a look. You'll see why it's considered one of the best movies of all time.
10  What most of the foreign viewers perhaps don't understand is that the factual side of the movie has always been a common knowledge among millions of Russians especially those of older generations. People like me, who were born 10-15 years after the war ended, knew it all along first hand from the stories told by parents and grandparents actually living through those times and events. My own mother at the age of seven was thrown by German soldiers into a barn that got lit, her front teeth were knocked out by the butt of a German soldier's rifle and she, along with tenth of other village kids, was saved by my grand-mother and other villagers only because some partisans had chosen to attack and deliberate the village that day. What most of Western viewers find horrifying, shocking and disturbing is nothing but the truth being accurately depicted by some later movie makers. This movie is pretty much like a documentary that could actually be shot with the help of some sort of a "time machine" in case there was one in 1985 when the movie got filmed.
10  Hopefully Damián Szifron is on his way to Hollywood. Simply the most refreshing and entertaining film that I've been lucky enough to watch since Nightcrawler...really it's that good. The darkest comedy you'll have the pleasure to experience. Ticks all the boxes, cinematic, a superb ensemble cast deliver in every short story, dead pan humour, intelligent, thought provoking, terrifyingly realistic, wonderful camera-work especially in the final story, with a couple of explosions and some (thankfully) subtle CGI thrown in to complete this masterpiece. Lovely to once again sit amid an audience all happily laughing out loud, without the need to lower itself to racist, sexist, ageist, homophobic humour, though the scatological humour is surprisingly perfectly appropriate and carefully framed to make the point without unnecessary vulgarity. Ten out of Ten. A new name to watch. Kudos to Damián Szifron.
10  Rather than concentrating on everything that is great about The Godfather, a much easier way for me to judge its quality is on what is bad about it. Almost every film has something that I don't like about it, but I can honestly say that I wouldn't change anything about The Godfather. There is nothing weak about it and nothing that stands out as bad. That's why it gets ten out of ten.This is one of those films that made me wonder why I hadn't seen it earlier. The acting from everyone involved is great, Marlon Brando comes across perfectly as the head of the family, and James Caan and Al Pacino are excellent as his sons. The soundtrack by Nino Rota is also very memorable, bringing back memories of the film every time I hear it. The plot has to be excellent for it to get ten out of ten, and it is, it's far from predictable and the film is the definition of a great epic.The film is pretty shocking in the way every death occurs almost instantaneously, and as it spans ten years so many different things happen and every minute of it is great entertainment. It's a well-made and entertaining film that is only the first part of a trilogy, but it stands on its own as a wonderful film in its own right. If you haven't seen it, what are you waiting for? This was one acclaimed film that didn't disappoint.
10  My parents were of that generation, and the movie was cathartic for returning veterans and their families and friends; it's small wonder that it eclipsed <i>It's A Wonderful Life</i>, which arguably is a better picture. But at the time, the movie had some shocking elements to it. In fact, my mother (roughly the character Peggy's age then) saw it against her parents' wishes.Back in 1946, it was a jaw-dropper to have a character in a movie utter the word "divorce" or to aver an intent to break up a marriage -- such ideas just weren't voiced in films then. To modern audiences, they come across as melodramatic, but I'm told they elcited genuine gasps from audiences then.Even more astonishing was William Wyler's decision to cast real-life amputee Harold Russell in the key role of a returning Navy veteran. Until <i>The Battle of Britain</i>, in which an actual, disfigured RAF veteran made a cameo appearance, directors didn't make those sorts of courageous gestures. The intimate yet innocent scene in which Homer Parrish (Russell) demonstrates his helplessness to his fiancé Wilma Cameron (Cathy O'Donnell) is beautiful, heartbreaking and uplifting; later, during the wedding scene, Russell stumbled over a line in saying the vows, and Wyler left the humanizing mistake in, God bless him for it.
10  I am not certain, but I think Ran was Akira Kurosawa's last big feature. Visually, It might be his most distinctive. Being in color opens a lot of doors to cinematography, and makes it easier to see how much artistic creativity went into the sets and costumes. There is something else distinctive about Ran. It is his slowest picture. You need extreme patience to make it through this very long movie, and you also need to understand the context of the story.Ran is Kurosawa's retelling of Shakespeare's King Lear, which many scholars say is his most difficult tragedy. The premise is identical, revolving around an old monarch who is ruined by the corruption of his sons, after he gives them power and authority. (In King Lear, they were daughters, not sons, of course.) Ran starts and ends strongly, but the problem comes down to a huge, plodding middle section. This part of the film will really test your attention span. Kurosawa deliberately makes sure that nothing happens, because he wants to evoke one single emotion...isolation. He places his principal character (and a couple of others) in the middle of nowhere, with no story progression, music, or major dialog. There are perhaps one (or even two) too many similarly grim scenes.The battles scenes are the biggest in Kurosawa's forty year body of work. Not only do they feature swords and spears but guns, cannons, and a cast of thousands. The interesting thing about those scenes is that Kurosawa, doesn't intend them to be rousing or exciting. Instead, there is a strange emotional feeling generated. The most memorable part of Ran is the very last sequence, which is visually brilliant and really disturbing. He makes a metaphor about the frailty of humanity by showing a blind man in a very particular place.Ran will leave you thinking long and hard. I have not seen a film like it and I don't think I ever will. It is not my favorite Kurosawa, but it is very much worth watching.
10  Like the sustained cinematic fugue it is, 'Barry Lyndon''s opening scenes provide a theme that will be treated to increasingly virtuosic variations throughout.  Barry's father is killed in a duel.  Barry lives with his mother who refuses to remarry.  Barry loses his virginity to a woman playing a role while playing cards.  These are the great threads - Fathers, Duels, Mother, Sex, Women, The Unattainable, Masks, Games, Gambling - weaving into the web that will eventually trap Barry Lyndon, Fate like a spider picking him off sadistically limb by limb.'Barry' is structured around duels - the film begins and climaxes with one; key plot points centre around duels and 'organised' brawls.  These duels are not just of the fencing/shooting type - they can be a stand-off in gambling; the deceptive games men and women play; the punishment meted out by fathers on stepsons, elder brothers on young half-brothers; a summons to redundancy; the phlegmatic defiance of a crippled cuckold; the attempt to hoodwink an officer.  it doesn't even have to be negative - Barry's introduction to the chevalier begins with tacit antagonism, ends in a moving and genuine friendship.  these duels are tests Barry must pass, traps he must avoid in his forward movement towards status and wealth.But this duality has more thematic resonance than that, signified in the name-change form Redmond Barry to Barry Lyndon.  It is a conflict between the individual and society, between that individual's genuine self, if there is such a thing, and the masks he adopts to hide any defects that self might have.  The moral significance of the duels change as Barry moves from being a passionate lover to a ruthless schemer.  For all Thackeray's ironic wit, there is a moralising streak in his novel, not necessarily of the 'Don't rise above your station' variety, but suggesting the unhappiness waiting for anyone who will forsake their true character for glittering, but fake baubles.Kubrick takes this material and makes it his own, framing another story about a criminal outsider and a rigid, immovable social structure far more powerful than its individual constituents.  Masks for Barry aren't necessarily a fragmentation of his identity, a degeneracy of his values. They are his way of beating the system, of infiltrating the fortress and destroying it from within.  Far from becoming a monster, Barry is deliberately shown as both a debauchee and a loving father (the theme of fathers, from Barry's dead one, to his two benevolent father-figures; his replacing Bullingdon's father and his relationship with his own son, contrasted with the figures of mothers, is a powerful theme throughout)It is a cliche that Kubrick is a bleak misanthrope and 'Barry Lyndon' doesn't suggest otherwise, with its farcically horrifying vision of war, and the more lethal machinations of society.  The film deliberately sets in conflict (another duel) two 'times', a historical time of war and Great Powers, linked to Barry's journey from fugitive to aristocrat, and a circular time, in which events simply repeat themselves, and nothing ever changes.  This is the Age of Enlightenment, where 'progress' was the soundbite, the idea that the sum of human knowledge and hence the sum of human happiness could be improved.kubrick, bleakly, counters this - visualised in a film of staggering beauty, a successful attempt to fuse all the progressive art forms of the of the era (painting, theatre, sculpture, architecture, landscape gardening, music etc.) into a blinding whole - with scenes, especially the climactic duel with Bullingdon, suggestive of regression, primitivism, a reversion to tribalism (which, in effect, is what happens, a social order regrouping and expelling the outsider).  The Church is now a henyard covered in straw, dark stage for a primitive rite, one that has been repeated throughout the film, denying all progress.  the ritual, tribal drums make this overpoweringly apparent.Barry ends up back where he began: worse, with the loss of a leg.  Decades on, nothing has changed for Lady Lyndon either, signing cheques for her new 'husband', her son.  The last date we see is 1789, that famous date of Revolution in France, spiralling out everywhere else, but not here, and Kubrick implies, not really anywhere.  the old cliche, 'Plus ca change...'Call me sentimental (or Irish) though, but in that final duel, when Barry refuses to kill his enemy, the light shining behind him through the narrow slits, the white doves flapping around him, suggest a religious interpretation, a suggestion that Barry may lose the world, but is somehow saved, redeemed: condemned to repetitious purgatory on earth, but beyond, who knows?  Because this is Kubrick's second duality, his own, a miraculous balancing act between a film of pure abstraction, and a moving, funny, horrifying character study.  Throughout Barry is made ridiculous, the dupe, the victim, and yet always retains our sympathy (largely through that heartbreakingly pained face) making even us atheists desire some salvation for him.The film's greatest scene - the gambling table, where Barry and Lady Lyndon stare at each other in the candlelight like clockwork figures forced into humanity, is a masterpiece of cinema translating minimalist acting into genius - Ryan O'Neal in this film gives one of the great performances thanks to Kubrick, worth a thousand of yer celebrated hams.
10  I thoroughly enjoyed this little gem. It's such a simple story but has a big impact on the lives of the characters. The stop animation has that new-generation of clean and smooth action similar to Coraline and it it very well executed here.So the story in a nutshell is about a dumpy little girl in Australia whose life is made miserable by a Sherry-saturated mother and garage-dwelling taxidermy hobbyist father who by their lack of interest, leave poor Mary to her own imagination and devices. Meanwhile, in New York, we have an obese apostate named Max living a hermetic shut-in life of chocolate hot dogs, Overeaters Anonymous, and Aspergerian perplexity about the world around him. Mary, seeking answers to the questions of life, happens to write to Max after having ripped his address information from a US phone book during one of Mary's mother's "borrowing" episodes. And so begins their comedic pen-pal friendship through the course of nearly 20 years.We see Mary grow and we see Max getting more and more obese. There are many moments, often funny, where Max and Mary are helping each other through their writing. I know it's just a story but how does Max NOT become diabetic? Sometimes the absurdity reminds me of Nick Park's Wallace and Gromit characters but a little more hip. While the story is not intended to be a comedy, there are some very original and funny comic elements, especially those of poor Henry the goldfish.Anyhow, we later see Mary's futile attempt to understand Max's Asperger's through the lens of wanting to "fix the world", as many a young adult wants to do and we see a rift come between the two as Max, content to accept his life but resentful for Mary wanting to "fix" him, recedes into himself.There is a resolution to their rift and the ending is rather touching. The story was very well delivered and is not made to be unbelievable. Look for this one to win awards very soon. Find any way you can to watch this one and get the bragging rights this wonderful movie deserves. Well worth you time.
10  "How happy is the blameless vestal's lot! The world forgetting, by the world forgot. Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind! Each prayer accepted, and each wish resigned." - Alexander Pope Is ignorance truly bliss? And if you could erase a person, what would the consequences be? "Eternal Sunshine" answers these questions, in a way that most Hollywood movies could not. Michel Gondry and Charlie Kaufman have created one of the most original, touching, funny, and unique films of recent years. It explores the mind and the heart, deeper than other movies have dared to do.Joel Barish (Jim Carrey) is on the shy side. He's rather quiet and ordinary. Joel is stuck in life; he has no real relationships, a job he hates, and doesn't know where he's going or what he wants, but is too nervous to break out of his niche. Clementine Kruczynski (Kate Winslet) seems like his complete opposite. She's spontaneous, wild, and eccentric. Her hair changes from red to blue to orange to green, depending on her mood. Clementine doesn't care what people think, and is free and impulsive, doing and saying what she wants.Clementine and Joel have a wonderful relationship, then break up because of petty arguments and irritations about each other's personalities. Joel tries to talk to her, then discovers she has had her memories of him wiped, by a company named Lacuna, that specializes in removing unwanted memories. Angry and hurt, he decides to undergo the procedure himself, confident he'll never miss Clementine. As the various memories are erased, Joel sees their best and their worst moments together. They argued and fought, but they were also happy, and for a time, they really loved each other. He realizes he'd rather have the pain of their relationship than have no memory of her at all. He begins to regret his decision, and desperately tries to stop the procedure. The film focuses on Joel's attempts to hide Clementine in his mind, and his struggle to fight the process.Jim Carrey's performance is wonderful, a complete change from his usual antics. He is sympathetic and believable; the rubber face that is usually contorted in a silly grin is subtly controlled, every line and expression honest and real. He is becoming a gifted actor and hopefully the public will forget the Ace Ventura side of him. Kate Winslet, who is one of our greatest actresses, gives one of her best performances. She gives a complexity to her role, which could have easily been clichéd and simple. She shows Clementine's want for attention, but also her incredible loneliness. Both of these characters aren't perfect; there are times when you understand why they dumped each other, and fought. But you also see why one loved the other. The supporting cast of Wilkinson, Wood, Dunst, and Ruffalo hold their own, as the eccentric team who run Lacuna, and have their own opinions about the process.People have called this an "anti-romance" movie, but I don't feel that. I think it is the ultimate romance movie, for it shows the complexity and pain of love. How much it hurts when it's gone, and how wonderful it feels while it's happening. "Eternal Sunshine" explores the mind with an intensity that is both painful and eloquent at the same time, like love itself.This film will make you reconsider your opinions about many things: life, love and memories. Gondry has brilliantly made it confusing and fast, yet clear and profound at the same time. The film is delicate and soft, but it hits you right in your heart. This is definitely a movie everyone should see. Because if they did, love would never be the same again.
10  Saying that this film starts where `Two Towers' left off is somewhat misleading, for the film starts a great distance from the walls of Helm's Deep. `Return of the King' opens with a flashback of Smeagol (Andy Serkis) obtaining the one ring of power and an origin of his deterioration into the creature Gollum. This opening recaptures an emphasis that was somewhat lost within the epic battles of `Two Towers,' at that's the ring. The first installment, `The Fellowship of the Ring,' provided heaps of exposition on the ring's importance and influence, and in `Return of the King,' we see it pay off, big time.After the armies of Isengard have been defeated due to an allegiance between Theoden (Bernard Hill), the king of Rohan, and the elves, the main threat to middle earth is now concentrated in the kingdom of Mordor, controlled by the dark lord Sauron. Sauron has turned his eye towards the realm of Gondor, the last free kingdom of men, and the wizard Gandalf (Ian McKellan) must warn Denethor (John Noble), Steward of Gondor of the impending attack, while Aragorn (Viggo Mortenson), heir to the throne of Gondor, and Theoden gather men to aid against the armies of Mordor. The dark lord Sauron needs only to regain the one ring of power to conquer all of middle earth, and two hobbits, Frodo (Elijah Wood) the ring-bearer and Sam (Sean Astin), must continue their journey, directed by Gollum, to Mount Doom, the only place where the ring can be destroyed. Got all that? If not, you need to bone up on your `Lord of the Rings' before expecting to follow this film.Since all three epics were filmed simultaneously, each individually has the feel of being part of a larger picture - except for this one. `The Return of the King' is just too big, the most epic of a set of epic films. Now that director Peter Jackson has brilliantly constructed the characters and plotlines throughout the first two films, he puts them to use.All of the characters have their best moments within this film. The pair of mischievous hobbits, Merry (Dominic Monaghan) and Pippin (Billy Boyd), are no longer the tree ornaments they were from `Two Towers,' but are split-up, and take their characters in completely new directions. Aragorn, played with an unmatched sense of honor by Viggo Mortenson, is about to meet his destiny as the future king of all men, while Andy Serkis continues his expert portrayal of Gollum (Serkis' provided not only the voice of Gollum, but also assisted during production by acting out the scenes of the computer-generated character with his fellow actors).However, the real acting triumph of the film is Elijah Wood as Frodo Baggins. He continues his descent into corruption with an incredible talent that many could not pull off. Wood's performance is so critical to the film because it determines the ring's power to corrupt, which, needless to say, is absolute.The first two films established Jackson as an incredible visionary, shooting vast landscapes from his native New Zealand. With `Return of the King,' Jackson really gets a chance to show off. With, hands down, the most beautiful visuals of the trilogy, Jackson makes `Return of the King' a gorgeous feast for the eyes, while never resorting to McG level over-the-topness. Jackson stays very grounded in his characters, not letting the effects tell the story, but only assist the wonderful dialogue and characters. Think of `Return' as a mix of `Fellowship' and `Two Towers,' with enough action and character development worthy of ending a film event of this magnitude.The bottom line, fans of the films will not be disappointed. Hardcore Tolkien lovers might be upset by plot changes and interpretations made by Jackson and the other writers, however, it is unrealistic to expect a completely true adaptation of the novels, being that film is an entirely different medium. Despite the alterations, Jackson consistently stays true to the major themes and ideas from the original text, while adding some of the finest filmmaking ever put to screen. `The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King' is one of the most finely tuned and cinematically perfect films ever made. Not only the best of the trilogy, but a crowning achievement in epic filmmaking.
10  Bollywood movies are generally based on fantasy and imagination. Where the audience is made familiar with the characters which he 'wishes' to be.Gangs Of Wasseypur Adopts a different Approach.It makes the Audience identify with reality and makes familiar with the characters that 'are' around him.Being from wasseypur in dhanbad i was super excited to watch the movie based on my locality. i had presumed the movie might be 'inspired' by the gang wars, but no movie is 90% the actual story of the town.The movie has penetrating dialogues, harsh naked truth characters and language. Manoj Bajpayee's acting was breath taking. the scenes are still vivid even after 2 days of watching the movie. His Chemistry with the character 'Durga' was awesome. 'sardar khan's interaction with ramadhir singh in the movie is very interesting. The movie was brilliant in first half. The only place where the movie could improve is that there are so many characters that a normal audience will be confused and may just lose the plot. One needs to watch the movie carefully.9/10 to the movie made about my locality. Wasseypur Zindabad!
10  There seems to be a consensus that Isak is lonely and isolated because he is cold and aloof. Actually, he does not seem so bad. He is friendly enough with other people, and he appears to be content with his relatively solitary existence. Anyway, Sara, the woman he loved when he was young, married his brother, and somehow that was Isak's fault, because he was cold and aloof. And Karin, the woman he ended up being married to, cuckolded him, but that was also Isak's fault, because he was cold and aloof. He visits his mother, who is cold and aloof. His son Evald is cold and aloof.I suppose the point is that he should have been warm and accessible, and then Sara would have married him and they would have lived happily ever after. Or Karin would have been faithful to him and they would have lived happily ever after. And they would have raised their son Evald to be warm and accessible, so that he and his wife Marianne could have lived happily ever after. And being warm and accessible, Evald would have been happy to hear that Marianne was pregnant, so that they would have a child of their own, whom they could raise to be warm and accessible.Having seen the error of his ways, Isak decides that he will henceforth become warm and accessible. Better late than never. So, he asks Agda, his maid of forty years, if she would like to be on a first-name basis. She rebuffs him.
10  This movie, along with the original screen version of "All Quiet on the Western Front" must rank as one of the most tragic versions of what war is really like. The arrogance and total disregard for the welfare of the soldier as beautifully portrayed by Menjou and McReady, in opposition to the care and concern of the Colonel so humanly portrayed by  Douglas adds to the reality of what the world was like in the days of the "Great War." Additionally, the roles played by Wayne Morris, Ralph Meeker and the self serving aide to McReady add to the greatness of this memorable motion picture. There is no "Viva La France" here.
10  The definitive epic of the cinema's history. "Lawrence of Arabia" is hands-down the finest production of the 1960s and makes a strong case as the best movie ever made. The titled character (Oscar-nominee Peter O'Toole in his career-defining role) dies in a freak motorcycle accident in the early-1930s in his homeland of England. In spite of being honored by the nation, many knew nothing of him. Some loved him, others despised him, but no one seemed to know the man at all. Flashbacks immediately start as we meet the character during World War I. He is a lieutenant assigned to mundane duties, but suddenly he is thrust into a greater role in North Africa. He is to assist a Saudi Arabian prince (Alec Guinness). The goal is to fight off the dreaded Turkish regime that poses a threat to the Arabs. If the Turks take over this land in Africa, what will it mean for the English? This concern leads to those in charge (most notably Claude Rains) wanting the titled character to help the Arabs to win their freedom back from the Turks. With the help of allies Omar Sharif (Oscar-nominated) and Anthony Quinn, among a whole host of others, O'Toole starts to assist the Arabs in their all-or-nothing task. An ambitious American journalist (Arthur Kennedy) wants to tell O'Toole's story in the hopes of getting the U.S. interested in the war (basically trying to get his nation involved in World War I by presenting them with a larger-than-life hero). During the venture O'Toole becomes a bit war-crazed and looks at himself as a sort of Christ-like figure who thinks of himself as immortal. O'Toole proves to be someone who is very at home in combat and when the combat is over, will he be able to function properly? Franklin J. Schaffner's "Patton" benefited greatly from David Lean's (Oscar-winning for directing) masterpiece. This Best Picture Oscar winner from 1962 just grows in importance as the years pass by. "Lawrence of Arabia" is a thinking person's film that is much, much deeper than it appears on the surface (and it appears deep on the surface to start with). The film deals with a slice of history that really did not seem that important back during World War I, but the situations in the Middle East now are greatly due to T.E. Lawrence's acts nearly a century ago. Did leading the Arabs to freedom make the world a safer place? This is the main question that Lean's film raises. Guinness' character is someone who changes almost immediately near the end of the production and it is a somewhat frightening foreshadower of things to come. A monumental milestone in film-making that stands so tall against all the other great productions of all eras. 5 stars out of 5.
10  Remake of the classic 1951 "The Thing From Another World". 12 men are in a completely isolated station in Antartica. They are invaded by a thing from outer space--it devours and completely duplicates anything it chooses to. It starts off as a dog but gets loose--and has a chance to duplicate any of the men. Soon, nobody trusts anyone else--they're isolated--the radio is destroyed--their helicopter likewise. What are they going to do?The 1951 film had the thing just be a big, super human monster. That movie was scary. This one is too--but the story is different (and based more closely on the source material--the novelette "Who Goes There?") and it's scary in a different way. The movie starts right off with Ennio Morricone's extremely eerie score setting just the right tone and--when the Thing gets attacked--the amount of gore is astounding. There's blood and body parts flying all over--arms are bitten off, heads detach and--in the strongest one--one man is devoured face first by the Thing. The gore effects are STRONG and real nightmare material. I don't scare easy but I had to sleep with the lights on when I saw this originally back in 1982. Rob Bottin's effects are just incredible--how this picture got by with an R rating is beyond me!It also has a very creepy feel--gore aside, it is very suspenseful. You're not sure who is what and Carpenter's direction and the score really build up the tension. One complaint--no one is given any distinctive personality traits. They actors just remain straight-faced and say their lines. That's annoying...but the movie still works.This was a critical and commercial disaster in 1982--it competed with "E.T." and MANY critics complained about the amount of gore and there being no female characters in the movie. It's now considered one of John Carpenter's best. A must-see...for strong stomaches. NOT a date film!An amusing note: When this was released Universal sent a note along with all prints of the film. They suggested to theatre owners that they play the film in an auditorium near the rest rooms. They were afraid that people would be so sickened by the violence that they'd have to be close to a facility to throw up!
10  I saw the paid premiere of 3 idiots today.On the whole, 3 idiots is a winner all the way everythingwise.3 idiots suits the term 'landmark cinema' and has all it takes to help Bollywood take a giant step into world cinema with pride.3 idiots is a sparkling example of qualitative cinema.3 idiots not only entertains, it also enlightens.3 idiots is forward-thinking, but also makes you recall your roots. It promises lots of laughs and also a heartwarming message.There are movies aplenty, but very few remain etched in your memory and possess recall value. 3 idiots is one of those films. Indisputably and undeniably, this Aamir-Madhavan-Sharman outing is worth the price of the ticket and more.The film will set new records and has the merits to emerge one of the biggest hits of all times. The weekend business should be historic, the Week 1 business should be unparalleled, the lifetime gross should be amongst the biggest of all times. In short, 3 idiots has 'Blockbuster' written all over it.The story of 3 idiots has been told differently and most importantly, the story offers so many twists-n-turns that you just can't guess what would unfold next.There's so much happening in every scene and the screenplay is so gripping that you don't feel the need to look at the auditorium ceiling or at your watch at brief intervals. You aren't restless. 3 idiots demonstrates how strong film-making can enhance and elevate an already solid concept.An Aamir Khan film is nothing short of an event. The supremely talented actor acts in one film a year and no two films are ever identical in terms of plot line.To sum up, 3 idiots is commercial Hindi cinema at its best. The film has 'Hit' written all over it. Let me put it this way: Cancel whatever you're doing today and go watch 3 idiots instead.Director Rajkumar Hirani strikes a fine balance between humor and emotions. The comic portions are executed with panache, the drama is attention-grabbing and the emotional quotient is strong enough to turn you moist-eyed. The marriage of humor and emotions as also technique and content is what drives 3 idiots to the winning post.
10  In a time where it is very common to see a lot of negativity and cynicism in reality and depicted on screen, it is a relief to watch an optimistic fantasy film with beautiful sets, visual effects, and morals. The film's cast is well put together as the actors are all very enjoyable to watch. None of the actors seemed to be miscast or stood out because of poor acting. The relationships between the characters are interesting, although some are slightly disappointing because they aren't as developed as they could be. The dwarfs are definitely the lighter characters who I also found to be pretty adorable, and they get the most laughs out of the audience. The heroes of the story are both interesting and break the usual tradition of having the male character be the hardened one, and the female character be soft. It's incredible to see Chris Hemsworth's character be strong and heroic but also have such a kind and compassionate side to him. The types of heroes that stories have to offer nowadays are typically stoic and quite cold, so seeing that warm side in a modern male protagonist is amazing, and I hope that future stories will also present male protagonists who can show similar emotion and vulnerability. Jessica Chastain's character is truly a badass, and one that didn't seem like a forced badass to me, which I find to be a usual complaint.Despite being villains, the two queen characters of the movie had touching, and surprising moments of humanity later on in the story. With that said, it is very fun to watch Emily Blunt and Charlize Theron play larger-than-life personalities and do cruel deeds throughout the film. You will find yourself rooting for them because they can be relatable, but also because they are wicked, you have to want them to fall. The only flaw I found with them is that they did not have enough screen time, but it doesn't take away from the film as the other characters keep you entertained as well.The story is simple, easy to follow, and is enough to keep you engaged. The concept of love is what is being explored in the film, and the story could even be a cautionary tale about the effects of having a lack of love. In the end, the message of love conquering the evils of the world isn't anything ground-breaking, but I think that it is a simple and universal idea that is still effective and powerful even today if you open yourself up to it. Being a big fan of the first film, I went into this with low expectations but an open mind. Thankfully, the film did not disappoint and I recommend seeing it on a large screen to appreciate the beauty of the effects and the costumes, but also be touched by the message that the film offers.
10  This isn't the usual kind of disaster action movie. It's a bit more serious and the disaster scenes aren't rushed. It's better to see this on a big screen because some of it is in the dark or under dusky skies.Effects are good not dizzying or overdone. The assorted monsters move naturally and are relatively realistic. The various locations from Japan to Hawaii are nicely done too though SanFrancisco could have been a bit brighter during the destruction. The Golden Gate and other landmarks aren't that precise but I get that things had to be spread out to accommodate the monsters.The basic plot isn't needlessly complicated though I got a bit lost in the details with the tactics to kill the monsters and the nuclear link to the monsters. The story about the people is secondary to the monsters which is good as it doesn't intrude.The main character played by a sensitive looking Aaron Taylor Johnson isn't some superhero type saving the day. He is more a in the thick of things observer which is refreshing for a change. No way out bravado here.Elisabeth Olsen isn't a drop dead gorgeous love interest, more every day ordinary. Her screen time isn't that much. Bryan Cranston (why didn't he age?) and Juliette Binoche (who did her hair?) also lend solid support.Ken Watanabe looks right for his part but his diction isn't clear enough for relaying the plot through dialog.Overall it's a good solid and well made big screen action disaster monster movie that deserves a big screen watch.
10  I went in with an expectation of a "typical" X-Men movie, without reading the reviews here ... Just saw the "Star" ratings. I don't know who these people are give 10 stars, for sure either they had very a very low expectations from this or are paid raters. My problem with this movie is that you cannot take a total fictional Sci-Fi character and put him in a real life situation, where he is a beat up limo driver, fighting the Mexican thugs trying to steel his Limo's "Chrome plated rims" ... from the start I lost interest in it, after that it just drags, extra long scenes and not to mention that this movie happened in future, where all the mutants are gone/hunted down, yet no real advancements, people still shooting with 12 gauge shotguns ...There are No Mountain Range North Dakota bordering Canada .... Guys if you wanna make a movie about reality ... it should have some reality for a fictional Character ... It Just Sucked
10  After viewing 'Rear Window' again, I've come to realize that Alfred Hitchcock was not only a great moviemaker but also a great moviewatcher. In the making of 'Rear Window,' he knew exactly what it is about movies that makes them so captivating. It is the illusion of voyeurism that holds our attention just as it held Hitchcock's. The ability to see without being seen has a spellbinding effect. Why else is it so uncommon to have characters in movies look directly into the camera? It just isn't as fun to watch someone when they know you're there. When we watch movies, we are participating in looking into another world and seeing the images of which we have no right to see and listening to the conversations that we should not hear. 'Rear Window' and Powell's 'Peeping Tom' are some of the best movies that aren't afraid to admit this human trait. We are all voyeurs.When watching 'Rear Window,' it is better to imagine Alfred Hitchcock sitting in that wheelchair rather than Jimmy Stewart. When the camera is using longshots to watch the neighborhood, it is really Hitchcock watching, not Stewart. Hitchcock's love of voyeurism is at the center of this movie, along with his fascination with crime and his adoration of the Madonna ideal.In many of Hitchcock's movies, 'Rear Window,' 'Vertigo,' 'Psycho,' 'The Birds,' etc, the blonde actresses are objects. Notice how rarely they get close with the male leads. In 'Vertigo,' Stewart's character falls in love with the image of Madeleine; in 'Psycho,' we see the voyeur in Hitchcock peeking out of Norman Bates at Marion; and in 'Rear Window,' Jeff would rather stare out of his window than to hold the beautiful Lisa by his side. For Hitchcock, these women are ideals that should be admired rather than touched.However, the story of 'Rear Window' isn't about the image of women, as it is in 'Vertigo.' 'Rear Window' focuses more on seduction of crime, not in committing it but in the act of discovering it. At one point in the story, Jeff's friend convinces him that there was no murder, and Jeff is disappointed, not because someone wasn't dead but because he could no longer indulge into his fantasy that someone was. Think how popular crime shows are on television, and noir films at the movies. People do not want to commit crimes; they want to see other people commit them.'Rear Window' is one of the most retrospective movies I've ever seen. In a span of two hours, it examines some of the most recurrent themes in film. When we watch 'Rear Window,' it is really us watching someone watch someone else. And all the while, Hitchcock is sitting on the balcony and seeing our reaction. It is an act of voyeurism layered on top of itself, and it allows us to examine our own behavior as we are spellbound in Hitchcock's world. The only thing that I feel is missing in the movie is a scene of Jeff using his binoculars and seeing himself in a mirror. Why did Hitchcock leave it out? Maybe because it would have been too obvious what he was doing. Or maybe he was afraid that the audience would see themselves in the reflection of the lens.
10  I love how they both love eachother in the eyes and if Disney make a sequel I'd definitely book tickets straight away. Ps big fan of Disney original movies
10  At last it appears evident that Hollywood have listened and made the superhero more believable. Batman through Bale is an honest character easily related to his alter-ego. The enemy is normal (compared to the green goblin and nuclear man!), and the City although futuristic allows the audience a certain mystical sincerity. Bale is strong as both Bruce Wayne and Batman. The underpin to the story line depicting how Wayne became Batman is well written and acted. There is of cause the usual moral picture painted through Wayne and his childhood friend emphasizing that revenge is a negative motivation in cleaning up Gotham. Good kit and a great car... 2008 is marked up for the follow up with Bale in the lead role again, keep up the good work and we hope Superman is as REAL.
10  As a usual fanatic lover of comedies like these, I was ready for laughs. Unfortunately, while I did get in a few laughs (which is why I felt satisfied putting 1/10), I was mostly left very unhappy. Generally horrible humour, tasteless filmmaking, and sure to leave you feeling you just wasted your Saturday morning. There were several funny moments, but those felt pretty smashed by everything else. Even the "PLOT TWIST!" left my entire watch party (15 of us!) super disappointed. There was some real potential for seal-laughing in the general outline, but it was just lost in translation.
10  Truly, one of the greatest mistake the Academy has made is not awarding this film the Best Picture award. For months, I argued that while "Titanic" was a nice spectacle with great special effects, the script, the directing and the acting was all rather mediocre. However, here we have "L.A. Confidential." Perfection in script. Perfection in directing. Perfection in cast. Obviously, because Russell Crowe, Guy Pearce and Kevin Spacey all gave Oscar worthy performances, the voting was split, and therefore, none got enough votes for a nomination.    Crowe gave an invigorating performance and Bud White, a man who knows that he is not very smart and has instead relied on pure brawn all his life. But as the film progresses, you watch him yearn to put his strength aside and become self-reliant, instead of being purely muscle for the cause of justice, which has become obscured as he has had to resort to violent and debatably immoral method to preserve peace in Los Angeles. And yet, while he does make us question whether he is going to end up on the side of good or evil by the end of the film uncertain, we do empathize enough with him to hope that he does redeem himself by the end.    Pearce delivers Ed Exley as a man who is wholly set on the purest means of justice. While he follows his father into the same profession, his goals are unique; to uphold the law without having to bend or break it. And yet, his good aspiration are certainly out of place in the corrupt organization of the police of that time. He slowly becomes drawn into the graft. He becomes glory-hungry, pulling whatever strings he has to in order to be promoted or be seen in a good light by the press. And yet, he does begin to find himself giving into exactly the cause he fought against. And so, throughout the film, he struggles to overcome the instinctive nature of man to achieve power and glory. He has to be a better man than that. And so, the audience can quickly see the nobility in that. He is not perfect. But at least he tries to be.   And probably the best performance in the film comes from Spacey. Here we see what Exley might have become in a few years if he wasn't careful.  Jack Vincennes has succumb to the call of money and celebrity status. He does not care in the least about duty or about justice. It's all become simply a matter of vanity. And yet, he begins to see through his own fault. Spacey's performance is undoubtable the best, because he is one of those actors who doesn't have to try to communicate his emotions in order to communicate them (or, at least, he is good enough not to show the strings). I had to watch this film several times to really take in the impact of his role, and fully absorb his character. His key moments within the middle of the film are absolutely unforgettable. When he stares into the mirror of the bar after receiving the hundred dollar bill, that scene is a turning point for the character. And he was able to convey the message of that scene without saying a thing. And also, when asked why he became a cop, the delivery of that next line, just that, was Oscar worthy on its own.   Even aside from those three performances, it would have been totally respectable if James Cromwell or Danny DeVito  had received a nomination. Truly, this film had one of the greatest ensemble casts ever captured on screen.
10  "Les Diaboliques" has one of the best plots you will ever find in any mystery or suspense thriller.  The excellent directing, acting, and writing combine with the story itself to make it a memorable experience.If you enjoy quality mysteries or thrillers, you will almost certainly enjoy this one - and if you have not seen it yet, you might just want to buy or rent it now, before you read any more reviews.  This comment will avoid any discussion at all of the actual plot itself, because the less you know in advance, the more you will enjoy it.  The few implausible elements in the story do not detract at all from the enjoyment.A great plot does not all by itself make a good movie, and everything works especially well here because of the expert pacing by director Henri-Georges Clouzot and good, mostly understated acting by the main actors.  We are drawn into their world very nicely.  Everything about the characters and events is built up perfectly, to give the brilliant climax its full effect. Once again, see it before you find out any more.Even if you do not normally watch black-and-white films or foreign movies (this is in French), if you enjoy thrillers, watch "Les Diaboliques" as soon as you have the chance.
10  Sunday, November the 20th is the anniversary of Marcel Dalio's death in 1983. It was the end of a serendipitous life. You know him. He was a citizen of the world. Born Israel Moshe Blauschild, in Paris, in 1900, he became a much sought-after character actor. His lovely animated face with its great expressive eyes became familiar across Europe. He appeared in Jean Renoir's idiosyncratic Rules of the Game, and Grand Illusion, arguably the greatest of all films. True to his Frenchman's heart, he married the very young, breathtaking beauty Madeleine LeBeau. He worked with von Stroheim and Pierre Chenal. He had it all.But then the Germans crushed Poland, swept across Belgium and pressed on toward Paris. He waited until the last possible moment and finally, with the sound of artillery clearly audible, with Madeleine, fled in a borrowed car to Orleans and then, in a freight train, to Bordeaux and finally to Portugal. In Lisbon, they bribed a crooked immigration official and were surreptitiously given two visas for Chile. But on arriving in Mexico City, it was discovered the visas were rank forgeries. Facing deportation, Marcel and Madeleine found themselves making application for political asylum with virtually every country in the western hemisphere. Weeks passed until Canada finally issued them temporary visas and they left for Montreal.Meanwhile, France had fallen and, in the process of subjugating the country, the Germans had found some publicity stills of Dalio. A series of posters were produced and were then displayed throughout the city with the caption 'a typical Jew' so that citizens could more easily report anyone suspected of unrepentant Jewishness. The madness continued. 'Entree des artistes', a popular film, was ordered re-edited so that Dalio's scenes could be deleted and re-shot with another, non-Jewish, actor.After a short time, friends in the film industry arranged for them to arrive in Hollywood. Nearly broke, Marcel was immediately put to work in a string of largely forgettable films. Madeleine, a budding actress in her own right, was ironically cast in 'Hold Back the Dawn', a vehicle for Charles Boyer with a plot driven by the efforts of an émigré (Boyer) trying desperately to cross into the United States from Mexico. But the real irony was waiting at Warner Brothers.In early 1942, Jack Warner was driving production of a film based on a one act play, 'Everybody Comes to Rick's' but had no screenplay. What he had was a mishmash of treatments loosely based on the play and two previous movies. But he had a projected release date and a commitment to his distributors to have a movie for that time slot and little else. Warner Brothers started to wing it.Shooting started without a screenplay and little plot. Principal players were cast and a director hired but casting calls for supporting roles and bit players continued and sometime in the early spring Marcel Dalio and Madeleine LeBeau were cast as, respectively, a croupier and a romantic entanglement for the male lead. Veteran screen-writers were hired to produce a running screenplay, sometimes delivering pages of dialogue one day, for scenes to be shot the following day. No one knew exactly where the plot would go or how the story would turn out. No one was sure of the ending. And, of course, they produced a classic, perhaps the finest American movie.They produced a screenplay of multiple genres, rich with characterizations, perfectly in tune with the unfolding events in Europe and loaded with talent from top to bottom. Oh, and they changed the title to 'Casablanca'.It is so well known, that many lines of long-memorized dialogue have passed into the slang idiom. 'We'll always have Paris', 'I was misinformed', 'Here's looking at you, kid', ' I am shocked! Shocked! To find that there's gambling going on in here!', 'Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship', 'Oh he's just like any other man, only more so', 'I don't mind a parasite. I object to a cut-rate one', 'Round up the usual suspects', and, of course, the oft quoted, apocryphal, 'Play it again, Sam'.Madeleine LeBeau plays Yvonne, the jilted lover of Humphrey Bogart, who is seen drowning her sorrows at the bar early in the film and who later, to get back at Rick and looking for solace takes up with a German officer finding only self-hatred. She is luminous.And when Claude Rains delivers the signature line, 'I'm shocked! Shocked! To find that there's gambling going on in here!' the croupier, Emil, played by Marcel Dalio, approaches from the roulette table and says simply, 'Your winnings, sir.' It is a delicious moment ripe with scripted irony, one among many in this film, but one made all the more so, knowing where Dalio came from and what he and his wife had endured to arrive at that line.I have often wondered exactly when they saw the final script or if they only realised the many parallels to their own lives when the film was released.Alas, they separated and divorced the next year, both going on to long successful careers. Dalio never remarried.Late in his career, when Mike Nichols was looking for a vaguely familiar face to deliver a long and worldly, near-monologue in Catch-22, he turned to Dalio. Faced with a hopelessly idealistic young American pilot, Dalio, as simply 'old man in whore house', in tight close-up, delivers a discourse on practical people faced with impractical circumstances, of the virtues of expedience in the face of amorality . Using his wonderful plastic features, now beginning to sag, in a voice full of melancholy, the old man reassures the young man that regardless of what 'grand themes' may be afoot in the world, in the end, little matters but survival.
10  Global icon Dwayne Johnson headlines the action adventure "Rampage," directed by Brad Peyton. Johnson stars as primatologist Davis Okoye, a man who keeps people at a distance but shares an unshakable bond with George, the extraordinarily intelligent, incredibly rare albino silverback gorilla who has been in his care since he rescued the young orphan from poachers. But a rogue genetic experiment gone awry mutates this gentle ape into a raging creature of enormous size.
10  I went looking for an experience. Something that would take me to the limits of my own existence and remind me that even in the darkest corner of my own life, there was hope. I was reminded, instead that along with the triumph there must also be sacrifice. A part of me died in that theater, but I walked out feeling renewed, refreshed...and a little cursed.I think Paul Edgecomb feels the same way.Tom Hanks has to be the epitome of a Hollywood living legend...and the guy's only in his 40s. He went from scraping his way through sophomoric slap like The 'Burbs, Turner & Hooch, and Bachelor Party to rise up in the 90s as our towering "everyman."  Anyone who marvels in his "simple guy in complicated circumstances" roles such as Forrest Gump and Saving Private Ryan knows that he can deliver the goods...and an Oscar nomination (or win...or two...in aROW!!!)  But Tom does something very interesting in The Green Mile.  He lays back.The breakout performance in this film goes to Michael Clark Duncan (right now tied with Sixth Sense's Haley Joel Osment for my Best Supporting Actor vote).  Crippled by his size, Mr. Duncan has a limit of the roles he can play. However, given the role of a child-like behemoth with Christ-like powers of healing, Duncan brings to the screen a performance that will transcend the Denzels and the Poitiers of the world.The Green Mile is Cell Block E in a Louisiana State Prison, death row. Paul Edgecomb run this wing with compassion, a startlingly different approach considering the legendary cruelty of southern prisons.  He is surrounded by men in him employ who all share his philosophy that these men ultimately await the most devastating punishment.  Why make their stay any more troubling.All save one: Percy Wetmore (Doug Hutchinson), relative of the Governor and always ready to remind anyone who disagrees his HIS methods just who got him his job. Percy hates everything about The Green Mile; the prisoners, other guards, even a tiny, brave mouse who befriends one of the inmates (Michael Jeter).  It isn't until another new inmate is processed, a man they call "Wild Bill", that Percy will meet his equal.So where is the common thread? What is a messianic character doing on death row? What role will Tom Hanks play in his redemption? And what's this "curse" thing I brought up in the beginning of this review?If I could tell you, you wouldn't slap the money down on the box office and find it for yourself.  Let me just tell you that the final blessings bestowed by John Coffey (Duncan) could make optimists and pessimists alike find a common ground. How you perceive the final moments will be up to how you impart on yourself...and the world.If John Coffey guilty of his crime?  Are the fates of the characters in this film deserved?  Half and half.  Evil is punished, bu t goodness must bare witness...and that has a price as well.  Will Tom Hanks win another Academy Award?  He shouldn't.  Is this a good film?  No.  It's an incredible film.I still weep for Paul Edgecomb.
10  To be brief, THIS IS THE BEST Indian MOVIE EVER CREATED..... I know it is old but I just heard about it recently so I watched it yesterday. I think this movie should be one of the best 250 films in history on IMDb rating. I rated it 10/10 and believe me it worth more than this. I don't want to make spoilers in my review so that you will enjoy every minute of the movie. This movie is 2:44 hours length full of laughter, joy, tears, drama and passion. And of course, the most interesting part of the movie is GENIALITY. I loved every moment of this movie. and I hope to watch a lot of future Indian movies like this. I'm also waiting for Ferrari Ki sawari movie to watch. It is starred by one of the 3 idiots. Thank you India for giving us this brilliant movie.
10  Very few movies are so good in all departments.Script - Engaging, real, entertaining Direction - Flawless Dialogues - Cream of the movie (Go just for the dialogs alone if not anything else) Performance - Outstanding from all actors. It never looks like acting. So real Music - Heart of the storytelling. Compliments way too well. Love you Sneha Cinematography - Best visuals possible for the terrain of wasseypur. It transports you to that place
10  I really loved this movie. I will watch it again. Funny sad seriously cool. Loved the plot.
10  After years of more intimate British films and just discovering the joys of location shooting with 1955's "Summertime", master director David Lean made his first actual widescreen epic with 1957's "The Bridge on the River Kwai", an acknowledged classic that deserves attention from a new generation of viewers and another visit from the rest of us who love perfectly executed films by an unparalleled craftsman. Recently, this movie has been overshadowed by his 1962 follow-up epic, the comparatively more elaborate "Lawrence of Arabia", but this richly textured WWII-set adventure is special enough on its own terms. While it has its share of action and suspense presented in exacting detail, the film is even more resonant as a psychological drama about the test of wills between mission-driven officers amid the perils of wartime survival.The plot takes place in 1943 when after surrendering in Singapore, Col. Nicholson marches his ragged British company into a Japanese prisoner work camp in the Burmese jungle (this is where the famous whistling of "Colonel Bogey March" is first heard). The erudite Col. Saito runs the camp and demands that the new prisoners build a massive railway bridge, a critical juncture between Rangoon and Malaysia. In a classic stand-off, Nicholson finally forces Saito to respect Geneva Convention and not allow his officers to do manual labor on the construction. Upon his ironic Pyrrhic victory, Nicholson slowly descends into the madness of seeing the completed bridge as a potential morale booster for his battle-weary men. Meanwhile, shortly after Nicholson's arrival, U.S. Navy Cmdr. Shears escapes from the camp only to be later blackmailed into joining a British commando mission led by do-or-die Maj. Warden and hesitant Lt. Joyce with the sole goal of blowing up the bridge. Through Peter Taylor's thoughtful film editing, the movie breathlessly alternates between the parallel story lines of the bridge construction and the jungle commando mission until the exciting climax.Lean's accomplishments are many with this memorable film - the authenticity of the Burmese jungle locations (filmed in Sri Lanka), the seamless integration of the two story lines, the masterful handing of the final scenes, and in particular, the gradual metamorphosis of Nicholson from a by-the-book British officer to Saito's willing collaborator. A frequent participant in Lean's films, Alec Guinness gives his career-best performance as Nicholson providing all sorts of unexpected shades to his complex characterization. As Shears, William Holden does what he did best in the 1950's, concurrently exude natural bravado and a conflicted soul and then added a layer of cynicism that dares to challenge the viewer to support him. The 68-year old Sessue Hayakawa came out of retirement to play Saito and delivers a subtle performance of unbending discipline and pained humiliation. Jack Hawkins and Geoffrey Horne lend sturdy support as Warden and Joyce respectively. With the same expert eye he lent to "Summertime", Jack Hildyard provides the superbly expressive and composed cinematography. Michael Wilson and Carl Foreman, both blacklisted at the time, wrote the brilliantly developed screenplay. This is essential viewing.The two-disc 2000 Limited Edition DVD set has a pristine print transfer with great sound making the entire experience feel surprisingly fresh upon viewing. There is a nearly hour-long documentary on Disc Two, "The Making of The Bridge on the River Kwai", produced for the DVD and full of intriguing insight into the production logistics. There are a couple of shorter featurettes produced around the time of the film's original release, the first is a black-and-white teaser for the film itself and the second a rather pedestrian lesson in Film 101 produced by USC grad students and introduced by Holden. Director John Milius provides a respectful tribute to the film in another short.
10  I am not going to write a review in a classical sense of things. this is a film which should better be watched than reviewed one thing i would like to say is that our hearts are very silly part of body we don't know the importance of people around us but we focus on some abstract ideal being who only lives in our mind. Human being is actually flawed creature, it is violent selfish and at the same time kind and compassionate animal that is beauty of film till the end you will never figure out who is hero who is villain.
10  Truly one of Studio Ghibli's greatest crowning achievements, GRAVE OF THE FIREFLIES is a brilliant masterpiece fully deserving of a place in any of the best movies ever made. Not just an astonishingly great (and, at the risk of coming off as cliché, perfect) work of art, this is a moving, thought-provoking, and ultimately heartbreaking tale about the loss of innocence and the tragedies of war.Based on an autobiography by Akiyuki Nosaka, the film, set during the bombing of Japan in --of all times-- World War II, centers on Seita, a loving, headstrong Navy soldier's son and his innocent little sister, Setsuko. Their fatal struggle for survival begins right at the start, when both are bombed out of house and home by American B-29s. Mom is seriously wounded and found wrapped in bandages at a hospital, where she dies shortly after. The children move to Nishinomiya to stay with their aunt. Auntie, a cold, bitter, self-serving woman, has no patience with Seita or Setsuko, especially when they would rather chase after fireflies at moonlight, play by the beach, or lounge around the house instead of helping out. After butting heads with Auntie long enough, the children decide to run away, setting up home in an abandoned cave by the lake. Both try by all means to live off of vegetables or whatever food they can afford to trade and/or steal, to no avail....The outcome of the story is actually showcased at the opening of the movie, where we see a ghostly specter of Seita watching a more malnourished version of himself die a painful, lonely death at a train station. Indeed, as we see how these events came to pass, we find ourselves rooting for Seita and Setsuko to find a way to stay alive, but alas, it is not to be, given Seita's stubborn pride. The overall tone of the movie is of a very tragic nature--even such lighthearted moments as the aforementioned sequences involving Seita and Setsuko playing around the house or gathering fireflies as lights for their cave are all tainted with a touch of sadness, for we know that these brief scenes of happiness will not last.Who is to blame for the plight of these children? The movie never addresses this question to the audience, nor does it really care to. It would be easy for director Isao Takahata to make this an anti-American movie, but he does better than that. Instead, he aptly conveys that war can spell serious--and deadly--consequences for victims. He also eschews casting any character as a hero or villain, and instead makes this a very human story, with no clear-cut "good" or "bad" characters. The aunt, for example, is not evil; she is merely an angry, desperate woman who is only struggling to survive just as much as Seita and Setsuko are. Atrocious as her treatment of the children is, we somehow never see her as a true baddie, but a very flawed, multi-faceted human being.Normally one would think of this kind of story as suitable for live-action, but GRAVE OF THE FIREFLIES proves that it can be told through the art of animation as well. This is no mindless showcase of gorgeous visuals--although the artistic merits of the movie are, as with Ghibli productions, sumptuous and at times breathtaking--but a display of real characters struggling with very tangible emotions. And the most amazing accomplishment about this movie is how much we grow to care for Seita and Setsuko--their inseparable bond of love and companionship is the heart and soul behind the movie.There are long stretches of silence on the soundtrack, with music used very sparingly, yet the movie is all the more powerful for it. The most effective moment is where we hear a scratchy rendition of "Home, Sweet Home" over a montage of Setsuko playing by the shelter. It's a simplistic, sweet, yet very saddening moment that not only works in the context of the movie, but on its own as well.I don't normally say this in my reviews, but I would definitely recommend watching this movie in its native language of Japanese for a truly powerful and memorable experience. That's not to imply, however, that the English dub, produced by New York-based Central Park Media, is inferior; on the contrary. It is, in fact, surprisingly good, with an effective lead in J. Robert Spencer and noteworthy cameo appearances by Anime voice-over actors Veronica Taylor, Crispin Freeman, and Dan Green. Rhoda Chrosite's Setsuko is the one voice that doesn't fare so well; she sounds more like an adult pretending to be a young girl, and comes across as strained during most scenes (save for when she is sick from diarrhea). Still, for those who can't read subtitles, the dub is more than adequate (although not as high-profile as others that I've heard).Even in a genre as multi-faceted as Japanese Anime, there are few films that literally everyone really MUST see. GRAVE OF THE FIREFLIES is one such movie.
10  I saw this film for the first time when I was a freshman in college as part of an english class I took entitled "writing and the movies".  Little did I realize that I would be seeing a film that would stay with me to this day and in essence become one of my all time favorites.  Then, a few years ago, I caught it on the big screen at the Fine Arts theater in downtown Chicago. I remember that it was a rainy, cold October day.  Perfect weather for a Hitchcock film I thought to myself.For me, half of the fun of North by Northwest is its incredible story.  This film has something for everyone within it: a little comedy, a little romance, great snappy dialogue and more action than any Bruce Willis Die Hard film combined.  Hitchcock was a master at this and in North by Northwest he lets his genius shine through totally.  It seems to me that whenever I watch it, everyone who made this film from Cary Grant on down had nothing but sheer fun making it.  Perhaps my two favorite scenes are the infamous "crop-duster" sequence and the last twenty minutes or so at Mount Rushmore.  I must give special mention to Ernest Lehman who yet again managed to write a screenplay that totally knocks your socks off.  How he came up with the idea, I've not a clue, but what an idea it is.  The screenplay itself was nominated for an Academy Award that year, but lost to Pillow Talk.  North by Northwest was also nominated for Best Set Decoration and Best Film Editing, but lost to Ben-Hur in both categories.All in all, what a film. If you haven't seein it, do so ASAP. North by Northwest just reinforces my belief that Alfred Hitchcock was one of the greatest directors of all time. Period.My rating: 4 stars
10  Film makers have to step carefully when dealing with issues like the Nazi extermination program. There have been equally brutal programs of ethnic cleansing in places like Southeast Asia and Rwanda, in which hundreds of millions died, but nothing like this in Europe since the Middle Ages. The victims here were not only Jews but Gypsies, the mentally ill, homosexuals, socialists, communists, and political undesirables. The Nazis eliminated not six million but some uncountable number between 12 and 15 million. An event like that can't be treated lightly and milked for easy tears, or the event itself is cheapened.Fortunately, the films that have explored the subject have been uniformly well done, as Roman Polanski's "The Pianist" is well done. Polanski himself suffered in much the same way as the protagonist, Vlad Szpilman (Adrien Brody). Polanski has a habit of embellishing his tales but there's no question that in this instance he knows what he's talking about.Szpilman is a well-known young pianist on Warsaw radio but the German occupation puts the station out of business. He and his family are herded into the Warsaw ghetto where they are subject to constant abuse and occasional murder. Szpilman barely escapes being sent to Treblinka with the rest of his family. And for the last half of the film, with the help of some friends who endanger themselves by lending him aid, he scuttles rat-like from one hiding place to another, each more dismal and perilous than the last. He suffers jaundice, his hair and beard grow long, his clothes turn to tatters, his food disappears, he's half frozen, and he seems to shrink.He's reduced to living in the attic of a nearly demolished apartment building and is ecstatic to discover a gallon can of pickles overlooked on the top shelf of a kitchen cabinet. The can falls out of his hands while he tries to open it and rolls across the floor to come to rest at the boots of a German officer, Captain Hosenfeld (Thomas Kretschmann). The only Germans we've seen so far have been brutes -- ridiculing the insane, executing Jews who ask simple questions, or simply shooting people chosen at random.We expect nothing from Hosenfeld except a quick shooting. But Hosenfeld is a human being and, having discovered that Szpilman "is" -- or rather "was" -- a pianist, he asks him to play a piano left in one of the flats. Szpliman has been unable to play for years and when he seats himself we worry that he might not bring it off and, indeed, his first chords are tentative, uncertain. Then his playing becomes automated, the old habits return, and he dashes off a dramatic and exquisitely executed piece of Chopin. Hosenfeld has been leaning back, enjoying the music, then leaves Szpilman quietly to his attic. He returns a few times later, before the Germans withdraw before the Russians, and unceremoniously hands him a few packages of food and, finally, his overcoat. The matter-of-fact compassion shown by Hosenfeld, and Szpilman's desperate need for contact with another human, are very moving.When the Russian troops finally arrive, Szpilman stumbles out of his hovel to greet them, but seeing his overcoat the Russians open fire on him. Szpilman finally convinces them that he is a Pole, not a German, and one of the befuddled soldiers asks, "Then why the ****ing coat?" Szpilman is trembling with fear but manages to gulp, "I was cold." An epilogue tells us that Szpilman went on with his career and Hosenfeld wound up in a Soviet prison camp where he died in 1952, despite Szpilman's attempt to find him. Under the end credits, a smiling Szpilman plays a lively, sparkling composition by Chopin.It's a remarkable film. Polanski is no longer the Wunderkind but a mature film maker. Nothing is excessive. We need only as much as we need to know to understand Szpilman's travails -- one tragedy following another. There are no sentimental speeches at the final parting of Szpilman and his family. Szpilman himself never breaks down. He simply does what needs to be done to survive. And Adrien Brody captures what Szpilman must have been like. (From some angles he resembles the young Arthur Rubenstein.) Kretschmann gets Hosenfeld down pat as well. In their scenes together we sense their respective positions -- one man with nothing left to lose, the other with nothing left to gain. The story, and the historical facts it's based on, raise many questions about human nature, of course. I'm not at all sure that if we could find the answers to those questions we would like what we found.One of the better films of the year.
10  There are some that will, upon seeing this film, say that it was akin to Andrew Lloyd Weber attempting to make a political statement: overly dramatic. These people would be well served to remember that the symbol of drama is a mask, which certainly begs one important question- Why, if you are so put off by an overtly dramatic motion picture, would you choose to see a movie that stars as the (anti)hero a man in a mask? I just saw this film at an advanced screening and I must say it is nothing short of uniquely brilliant. Entertaining from the start, V manages to combine a strong socio-political message in a compact and highly intense experience. Infused with issues and concepts that pervade in the global political climate of our times, this movie is endowed with a tremendous timely relevance that belies its trappings as a mere action adventure.The acting, the cinematography, the effects, and the general vision of this film all lead me to believe that it will likely receive a cult following. It is only my hope that the message of this film will come to summarize the history of our future ascendancy to true liberty.Ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country. In the meantime, go see this movie.
10  It was by accident that I was scanning the TV channels and found this wonderful film about two beautiful human beings who become attracted to each other in a very innocent and virgin like approach to each other.   Ethan Hawke (Jesse) "Tape" '01 and Julie Delpy (Celine) "ER" 94 TV Series (Nicole).  This gal and guy, will warm your very heart and soul and make you think deeply into your past relationships and how you really wish you had followed your hearts strings with a guy or gal you deep down loved and lost track of over the years.  Jesse and Celine have great conversation, and deep eye contact with a great magnetic explosion between the two of them.  I am looking forward to the SEQUEL to this film in 2004 and if you have viewed this film, you will feel the same way.
10  I've always thought that the reason It's A Wonderful Life has had such enduring popularity is that more than in any other film it shows what can be the value of a single individual and the contribution to the greater good they can make.George Bailey as portrayed by James Stewart is the kind of every man hero we can all identify with. He's got the every day problems to be sure, raising and providing for a family, but he's got bigger problems than that. Fate has made him the rallying point of opposition in his small town of Bedford Falls to the "richest and meanest man in town", embodied in Lionel Barrymore.It's a real David vs. Goliath battle. Barrymore seems to have unlimited resources at his disposal. Samuel S. Hinds as Peter Bailey put it so well to him in asking what are you doing all this for? Barrymore does have more money than he could ever possibly use. A little charity wouldn't hurt him.Remember the basic plot outline. A whole lot of people in Bedford Falls one post World War II Christmas Eve see that their friend George is toting a heavy load of mysterious origins. Their prayers reach the heavens where an angel is dispatched to aid.But before Henry Travers the angel arrives, he's given the story of George Bailey's life. And we see the kind of struggles he's had, the sacrifices he's made for the good of a whole lot of others. We've also seen a greedy and grasping Potter, grabbing everything that George Bailey cannot save. Something happens that day before Christmas through no fault of his own, Bailey is in big trouble. It's driven him to the brink of despair. That's why the angel is sent down. He shows him the alternate universe that would have been had he never existed. It's something each and every one of us should try to do, step outside ourselves see just what our contributions can be.But I think what Frank Capra is trying to say in this greatest of his films is that having done that and we realize we haven't contributed to the greater good of humankind, we resolve to do so. It's a simple, but profound lesson.What if Potter got the same opportunity? In a sense Charles Dickens did just that in A Christmas Carol. Would Lionel Barrymore change? It's an interesting point of speculation.In addition to those cast members already mentioned a whole group of players who worked with Capra before grace this film. Add to that some others and you have a perfectly cast feature picture.Donna Reed has an interesting part as well. Your choice of mate is real important in life. Had she not been as loving and supportive to George Bailey, he might very well have taken a different route in life. Mary Hatch Bailey became a signature part for her, more identified than her role in From Here to Eternity which got her an Oscar. It certainly was the basis for her TV series.When Todd Karns who plays Harry Bailey toasts his brother he's saying that the riches of the world are not necessarily things that can be quantified. Your life is not measured in material things, but in how you use the material things given you. And that universal lesson will be taught into eternity as long as It's A Wonderful Life is shown every year. Wouldst we all learn it.
10  I wonder why there has been so little written and publicized about this movie. This should be seen in every country and its merits trumpeted from the skies.It starts off slowly and the locale is the former East Germany, inhabited by 16 million people who are being spied upon relentlessly by their secret police. In this very real world of the Berlin Wall, there are many Stasi, 90,000, overseeing the populace, aided and abetted by hundreds of thousands of informants. Many of these snitches were blackmailed or other pressures exerted (threats to children and loved ones) and a few obliged voluntarily.What is truly amazing is that this is Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck's directorial debut, and he maintains a masterful hand throughout and keeps the story and the tension rolling from the first scene of interrogation which is filmed back and forth between a tape educating new Stasi as to interview techniques and to the actual cell itself where it was recorded.The movie circles around three main characters and there is a wider circle of the powerful who pull the puppet strings for a variety of reasons which become clear as the movie unfolds.First is Georg Dreyman, a playwright on the verge of celebrating his 40th birthday. Sebastian Koch, a tall,handsome actor dressed in writerly rumple, shares an apartment with his actress girlfriend, Christa-Maria Sieland (Martina Gedeck), and exists within the strictures of the state-sponsored theatre. He is a decent man, and tries to win support for his blacklisted friends.For reasons that become quite clear, Dreyman falls under suspicion and the whole sophisticated Stasi spying system comes into play in the era of 1984. His whole apartment is bugged and every sound is monitored.The man in charge of all this is Captain Gerd Wiesler,(Ulrich Mühe). Ulrich's performance is nothing short of stunning. He starts as an almost robotic presence, dressed in gray, he almost disappears into every scene he's in. But one detects a clear intelligence in his bright eyes, the only part of him that's alive. Captain Wiesler lives in a non-descript arborited apartment, much like himself. He squeezes his food onto a plate from a tube.But the captain starts to awaken slowly as he listens surreptitiously on the state of the art equipment secreted in the attic of Dreyman's building. He starts to fall in love with the couple and then pressure from above is brought to bear on him to dig for the dirt in Dreyman's life.And he is in a dilemma now, as he is drawn further and further into the life of Dreman and his girlfriend.I won't throw spoilers down. Suffice to say is that the story is enthralling right down to the very last frame. The acting is superb, the direction impeccable and the world of East Germany meticulously drawn with the viewer respected enough to find his or her own emotional path through the plot.The ending is truly one of a kind. So right and true that I was left nodding, it was the only one possible.A must see, I will sing the praises of this film to all I know. 10 out of 10 from me. Right up there in my top 50 of all time. I find it so disappointing that these movies don't get wider release AND compete for an Oscar in the best picture of the year and not just for best foreign film. Now there's a heretical thought!
10  Rather than films like Citizen Kane (1941) and The Lady from Shanghai (1947), neither of which am I a big fan of, Touch of Evil evidences director/writer/star Orson Welles' capacity for cinematic genius. The story is engaging, suspenseful, tight and well paced; the cinematography is consistently beautiful, inventive and symbolic; the setting and overall tone of the film, including the performances, are captivating, yet slightly surreal and otherworldly; and there are many interesting subtexts. This all combines to create a complex artwork that will reward however far a viewer wishes to dig into the film.Based on a novel by Whit Masterson, Badge of Evil, Touch of Evil is a battle between two policemen--Hank Quinlan (Orson Welles) and Ramon Miguel Vargas (Charlton Heston). Parallel to this is a kind of border battle between the United States, represented by Quinlan, and Mexico, represented by Vargas; the film is set in two border towns, frequently crossing over.As Touch of Evil opens, we see a bomb being placed in the trunk of a car in Mexico. A construction company owner, Mr. Linnekar, gets in with his girlfriend. Vargas and his new wife, Susan (Janet Leigh), manage to walk along next to the car--they're all crossing the border into the United States. Shortly after crossing, the bomb goes off. This brings the gruff Quinlan into the picture. His investigation of the bombing brings him into Mexico for suspects. Meanwhile, Vargas and his wife are being threatened by Joe Grandi (Akim Tamiroff), a Mexican mob boss, and his underlings. Both Quinlan and Vargas are well respected in their countries, and both are used to getting what they want. But the bombing investigation ends up putting them at loggerheads, and Quinlan gradually turns out to have more than a "touch of evil".As with many of his films, Orson Welles ended up having to battle the studio to realize his artistic vision. Usually, as here, the battle was unsuccessful for him. Despite his 58-page memo detailing various problems with Universal's non-director supervised reshoots (by Harry Keller) and re-edits, because they felt that Welles' final cut "could use some improvement", the film was released in a form that was not satisfactory to Welles. The fiasco has resulted in various versions of Touch of Evil appearing throughout the years. The 58-page memo was thought to have been lost, but a copy was discovered relatively recently in Charlton Heston's possession. The film was recut in 1998 based on Welles' memo. So make sure that you watch the 111-minute version first released by Universal on DVD in 2000.The opening scene of Touch of Evil is famous, and rightfully so. Beginning with the timer being set on the bomb, then the bomb being placed in Linnekar's trunk before he gets into the car, we follow both the car and the relative ebb and flow of Vargases as they roughly walk alongside the car, all in one very long tracking shot that covers a lot of ground and features a lot of unusual angles. Welles stages the scene so that there are all kinds of complex background and foreground elements interacting with the car and our protagonist pedestrians. The suspense built up in this scene is incredible--you just know that bomb is going to go off, but you don't know just when, or who it is going to hurt. Compositionally, the scene is simply beautiful. The film is worth watching for this opening alone, but the whole of Touch of Evil features similar, meticulously planned artistry, filled with suspense.Welles as an actor tends to have a very peculiar way of speaking that is full of affectations. Sometimes this can be a detriment to the film, as it was in The Lady from Shanghai. Here, though, the oddity works, and this despite the fact that, like Woody Allen, he seems to direct his whole cast to deliver their dialogue as if they were him. As a result, Touch of Evil has very peculiar, contrapuntal scenes where people frequently talk on top of one another, with odd phrasing. It works because of the particular kinds of personality conflicts that Welles set up in the script. These are people who frequently _would_ talk on top of each other and occasionally not pay attention to each other.But that's not the only odd thing about the film. Welles managed to find locations that, shot in this highly stylized and cinematographically complex film-noir manner, seem almost otherworldly. Except for a couple expansive desert shots, Touch of Evil feels eerily claustrophobic, even though most locations aren't exactly enclosed. The various modes and settings are all perfect for their dramatic material, which is mostly dark and moody. One change that Universal made was the excision of a lot of comic relief material featuring the Grandi family. Universal was right to cut it, and wisely, Welles agreed.The music in the film is also extremely effective but unusual. Most of it is incidental. Latin and rock 'n' roll emanates from radios, for example, and the climax intermittently has a repeating, contextually haunting theme from a pianola.But of course the story is just as important. Although Welles stated hyperbolically at various points that he was trying to "infuriate" the audience with a somewhat inscrutable plot, and it's true that the plot isn't exactly given in a straightforward manner, once you figure out the gist, it's relatively simple but extremely captivating. At the same time, it is full of symbolism and subtexts, including commentary on justice systems and perhaps some irony about the popular conceptions of the U.S. versus Mexico (made more complex by the fact that Quinlan spends just as much time south of the border and Vargas seems to spend a lot of time north). But as for being annoyed, you're more likely to become infuriated with Quinlan, who becomes more and more deliciously despicable as the film unfolds.
10  After a string of classic masterpieces, Kurosawa confronted his influences head-on. Throwing John Ford's Western aesthetics into a blender and painting them pitch black. The results are Yojimbo and its legacy.Yojimbo ("the bodyguard") is the tale of a flea-ridden wandering swordsman, Sanjuro (Toshiro Mifune, in his finest performance). He arrives at a gang-war ravaged town and starts hiring himself out to both sides, playing them off against another, in order to wipe all the scum out. Sound familiar?Even though Yojimbo the film is a thrilling ride and very funny dark comedy, it is hard to imagine what a bombshell this was for audiences at the time of its release. It is as far removed as can be from the then squeaky-clean aesthetic of samurai films: you can almost smell the sweat and the grime of the sordid town and characters. The action is fast and furious, enhanced by Kurosawa's deft use of telephoto lenses and Masaru Sato's avant-garde score. With all that, Yojimbo was a massive kick in the pants of a fossilized genre.It exploded beyond the confines of its own country and genre, forever influencing the very Westerns that had inspired it, particularly a new wave out of Spain and Italy at the time. One Sergio Leone copy/pasted the whole plot into his own revisionist Western and gave us the Dollars trilogy. The slightest of Spaghetti Western enthusiasts owes Kurosawa a debt of gratitude.As with all truly great work, its greatness exists even devoid of context, and for all the historical precedents it set, all Kurosawa wanted to make was an entertaining film. That he bloody well succeeded is the least you can say about Yojimbo.
10  Directed by John Huston, "The Treasure Of The Sierra Madre" stars Humphrey Bogart and Tim Hold as two down on their luck Americans struggling to make ends meet in rural Mexico. Upon learning that a nearby mountain contains gold, the duo team up with a wise old timer and go in search of riches. Predictably, Bogart falls under the spell of greed and descends into violent madness. The film's point: material wealth makes you paranoid, increasingly greedy and eventually corrupts the soul.Unsurprising for a John Huston flick, a subtle socialist undercurrent runs throughout the picture. Bogart is oblivious to his own class status, turning his back on those who struggle like him in favour for embracing the race for wealth. Instead of truly uniting himself with his partners, developing a trusting, mutually beneficial relationship, Bogart sabotages everything with his paranoia and every-man-for-himself ethos. So Bogart is essentially the ugliest incarnation of a popular American icon, the rugged frontier iconoclast, striking out on his own to make his fortune. Huston and B. Traven, the author of the novel upon which the film is based, also manage to turn the story into an anti-capitalist, anti-fascist adventure tome in which the greed and deviousness of human nature is juxtaposed with the psychological underpinnings of poverty and post-revolutionary politics on peasants and indigenous peoples. Like Huston, who fraternised with communists in is youth, Traven was an avowed leftist (at one point a character in the film even quotes Marx, applying Marx's "labour theory of value" to the search for gold) and so the film must be read through the lens of the workers revolutionary movements of the era, when the Soviet Union was more an ideal and less a corrupt manifestation of power.Huston made at least two films which defined their genres: "The Asphalt Jungle" and "The Maltese Falcon". "Madre" is equally influential, everything from "Bring Me The Head Of Alfredo Garcia" to "The Man Who Would Be King" to "The Wild Bunch" to "The Good The Bad And The Ugly" to "There Will Be Blood" borrowing heavily from its pages. George Lucas even stole the look of Indiana Jones from Bogart's character. Indeed, all 4 Indiana Jones movies are basically "The Treasure of Sierra Madre" with action scenes, greed corrupting the souls of each film's villains.More interesting is the way "Madre" fits in with its sub-genre of adventure stories. There have always been tales in which heroes go on quests to find "grails", "gold", "treasures" or "magical things", but for the most part, these characters have all been looking for essentially the same mixture of wealth, power, knowledge, dignity and individual freedom. In "Madre", though, the quest for wealth is seen as being inherently negative. Nastily portrayed, Bogart's gang evoke Shylock in Shakespeare's "Merchant of Venice", Gekko and Bud in "Wall Street" or Ebenezer Scrooge in "A Christmas Carol". Economist Friedrich Hayek noted this long-standing tendency to interpret the acquisition of wealth as being sinister: "Distrust and fear have long led ordinary people to regard wealth as being suspicious, inferior, dishonest, and contemptible. Activities that appear to add to available wealth 'out of nothing', without physical creation and by merely rearranging what already exists, stink of sorcery. That a mere change of hands should lead to a gain in value to all participants, that it need not mean gain to one at the expense of the others, was and is nonetheless intuitively difficult to grasp. Many people continue to find the mental feats associated with trade easy to discount even when they do not attribute them to sorcery, or see them as depending on trick or fraud or cunning deceit."For Hayek, it is not that "greed is bad", but that people are irrationally suspicious of the entrepreneurial skills required to acquire and create wealth. Hayek, of course, is the godfather of contemporary Neoliberalism, spawned every evil from Thatcher to Reagan and has been thoroughly debunked by post neoclassical, eco-economists. His stance, which is how most vaguely and intuitively understand modern society (a type of sorcery which denies physics, energy flows and in which value is magically created and benefits everyone), is ultimately an apologia for exploitation which ignores deep rooted, systemic problems.The lesson put forth by art like "Madre", though, is consistently the wrong one. Such art doesn't challenge our conceptions of wealth (or the paradoxes of capitalism- the physics of contemporary money is fundamentally unethical and creates indebtedness), but simply warn us that "too much is bad". The moral tone of all these tales is thus similar to how Spinoza famously reinterpreted the Bible. Because early people were primitive, he says, God's will took the form of a performative command ("Thou shalt not do so and so!"). For the modern man, however, the way to grasp this is not through commands that appeal to authority, but through a kind of scientific or objective "constructive" statement ("Thou shalt not smoke because thou shalt get cancer!") which highlights a certain causality designed to keep excesses in check. And so modern man doesn't get orders any more. Instead, commands are hidden in a universal form, never spoken directly: "Smoke, but nicotine is dangerous for your health", "Eat what you want, but beware of cholesterol", "Money is great, but too much corrupts". The whole world is now a mass of conflicting information, food tins swamped with tables and charts, detailing the levels of sugar, fat, salt etc. In our permissive society, everything is available, you can have whatever you want, the world is yours, but actually, you better not touch anything. Everything is prohibited, even though it's not. Finding gold is great, but it will royally mess up your life.Incidentally, the film's downbeat climax is pure noir, very much akin to the climaxes of Huston's "Maltese" and "Asphalt". Huston would win Oscar's for directing and writing the film.8.9/10 – Worth two viewings.
10  Carl Th. Dreyer's The Passion of Joan of Arc was made, perhaps, years ahead of its time- my guess would be that if it wasn't burned after its initial release, it would've had as stunning an impact on the film world years down the line as Citizen Kane did. Though the use of close-ups and distorted angles were not completely new in this film, it felt like Dreyer was creating a new kind of cinema, one where reality, however cold and pitiful, was displayed with complete sincerity. There is also the editing (by Dreyer and Marguerite Beague), which has the timing that many directors/editors of the modern day could only hope to achieve (it has the influence of Eisenstein, only in a totally different historical context), and those moves with the camera by Rudolph Mate (who would go on to photograph Foreign Correspondent and Lady from Shanghai) that are precious- to call his work on the film extraordinary is an understatement.And it was crucial for Dreyer to use the close-ups and tilted angles and shots where you only see the eyes in the bottom of the frame, and so forth- he's developing the perfect atmosphere in regards to a trial set in 15th century France. It's all those eyes, all those faces, holding all those stolid mindsets that send Joan to her fate. Pretty soon a viewer feels these presences from all these people, so strong and uncompromising, and Dreyer does a miraculous thing- he makes it so that we forget about the time and place, and all of our attention is thrown onto those eyes of Joan, loaded to brim with a sorrow for where she is, but an un-questionable faith in what she feels about God. I wondered at one point whether Dreyer was making as much a point on people's faiths and prejudices in the almighty, or just one on basic humanity.There have been many before me who have praised Falconetti's performance to the heavens (Kael called it the finest performance in film), but in a way it almost can't be praised enough. What she achieves here is what Ebert must've felt watching Theron in the recent 'Monster'. I didn't even see her in a performance as Joan of Arc- I saw her as being the embodiment of it, as if Falconetti (with Dreyer's guidance) took Joan out of the pages of the trial transcript and her entire soul took over. There is something in an actor that has to be so compelling, so startling, and indeed so recognizable, that a person can feel empathy and/or sympathy for the person the actor's playing. All a viewer has to do is stare into Falconetti's eyes in any shot, close-up or not, and that viewer may get stirred to boiled-down emotion. For me, it was almost TOO over-whelming an emotional experience- when Joan is about to get tortured, for example, I found myself completely lost from where I was watching the film, everything in my soul and being was with Joan in that chamber, and for a minute I broke out in tears. That's the kind of effect that Dreyer's craft and all the acting work (including Eugene Sylvain as the Bishop Cauchon, and of course Artaud as Jean) can have on a viewer. I'm not saying it has to, yet The Passion of Joan of Arc could- and should- be considered a milestone in cinematic tragedy, where the images that come streaming forth never leave a viewer, and the detail for time and place becomes just that, a detail for the main stage. Love Joan or hate her, this is for keeps.
10  In an attempt to enhance his own reputation, General Mireau (George MacReady) orders his troops to advance and seize the heavily fortified `Ant Hill' from the German army. Despite realising the hazardous nature of the order, Colonel Dax (Kirk Douglas) reluctantly agrees to lead the charge. As expected the attack goes badly and many French troops lose their lives which results in a large number of men refusing to leave their trenches. General Mireau sees this from his safe position and, refusing to admit that the attack was suicide from the outset, blames the cowardice of those who refused to fight for the devastating outcome of the battle. As a result Mireau demands that three soldiers from the regiment be held accountable and face an immediate court martial followed by death by firing squad. Dax seeks for the French military hierarchy to admit the truth.This dramatic condemnation of the politics-over-people attitude of military forces during World War I is an all too accurate portrayal of how the conflict resulted in one of the largest and most pointless losses of life in all known history. Taking place in the trenches amidst the height of the futile conflict between France and Germany, director Stanley Kubrick (in only his second feature film) seeks to press home a fiercely anti-war statement backed up by actual historical facts rather than the typical embellishment that can be found in more modern war films. While the story itself is somewhat fanciful, the portrayal of the morally corrupt military leaders that sent hundreds of thousands of men to their deaths for no more reason than to satisfy their own expanded egos and enhance their perfidious reputations is, unfortunately, all too accurate and a powerful indictment of not just the French army, but all those who participated in one of the most bloody conflicts in human history. What makes the film so stinging in its approach is the flat out lies told by protagonist Mireau, who claims that one man's life is worth more to him than a reputation, yet when presented with the opportunity for political acclaim and honours is all too willing to send troops to battle when freely admitting that four thousand will probably perish in no man's land. A quick glance through history proves such on-screen bald faced lies to be inherently and tragically true off-screen, even in relation to Britain's very own Field Marshall Hague. The French government found the representation of their military too close to fact and banned Paths of Glory', eventually lifting the ban in 1970.The film does not stand out in mere message alone. For those familiar with Kubrick's later work such as 2001: A Space Odyssey' (1968), A Clockwork Orange' (1971) and Full Metal Jacket' (1987) the director's soon-to-be trademarks can easily be spotted. As with many Kubrick films there is a remarkable ability to portray to the viewer what is not seen on the screen. The full carnage of the war is displayed in a darkly amusing, yet chilling scene where one soldier questions another on whether he is scared of death or merely getting hurt. As this precedes the actual battle scenes by a matter of minutes the viewer becomes rapidly acquainted with the carnage, fear and suffering these men faced despite a distinct lack of on-screen bloodshed. One could argue that the short, virtually bloodless battle scene in Paths of Glory' is even more powerful than the bloody, disturbing and prolonged beach scenes from Saving Private Ryan' (1998). Kubrick wonderfully crafts this movie around the composition of the filming rather than relying on any sort of special effects or visual trickery. Throughout the movie, particularly during the battle scenes, the viewer is given a third person perspective of the struggles of men to come to terms with life and death under such harsh conditions. Incredible acting performances from Kirk Douglas, George MacReady and Adolphe Menjou attract the viewer's attention and become the central focus in a war film with scarce amounts of action. Kubrick condemns the politics of war through the use of the politics that control war.It is very difficult to write about this film and fully do it justice. The pre-Vietnam anti-war sentiment is easily the main focus of the movie and it is through competent acting that the movie is made great. It becomes somewhat irrelevant that the movie is set in WWI as the same message applies to every major war, particularly the following decades Vietnam War. It wasn't until Oliver Stone's Platoon' (1986) that viewers were again treated to an historically based condemnation of war that focused less on heroes and more on the way things really were in battle. Wisely, the movie opens with a narrated epilogue which informs the viewer of the absurdity of WWI and then ends with a melodramatic and almost tear-inspiring scene which, although not in place when compared to the sombre and melancholy feel of the previous eighty minutes, ends the film in such a way that the film itself must be contemplated. Paths of Glory' is easily one of the most powerful films of all time and a pejorative anti-war statement where the only real failing is the short length of the movie and occasional poor performances from the supporting cast. My rating for Paths of Glory' - 7½/10.
10  Seconds after the credits for Tom McCarthy's "Spotlight" roll, an overwhelming feeling of changing your career takes over. Is film criticism really where I belong? What important, life-changing story am I not writing about? Truth is, quite a bit of classic films give off that same feeling. "Rocky" made a bunch of our fathers and older brothers go for a morning run and drink raw eggs. "Rudy" made us want to go out and play Notre Dame football. "Spotlight" makes you want to go down to your local courthouse and search the public records for clues. Then, get on the phone, with a pen and a pad, and start asking some really tough questions. Honestly speaking, "Spotlight" is the best investigative news drama this century. Matter of fact, behind "All the President's Men" and maybe "The Insider," it's among the best ever made."Spotlight" tells the true story of how the Boston Globe uncovered the massive scandal of child molestation and cover-up within the local Catholic Archdiocese, shaking the entire Catholic Church to its core.Where you must begin, with any praise for the film, is the audacious and fortifying script by Tom McCarthy and Josh Singer. The two create cinematic magic in their articulation of words, characters, and narrative storytelling. Each person feels authentic. Each scene feels rich and equally important as the last. And most of all, its the tightest, most satisfying film from beginning to end, seen this year. From minute one, you're hooked, up until the last second, where they decide the last words spoken should be, "Spotlight" is astonishingly crafted.I'm still in shock and awe that Tom McCarthy is the one who made this. This is a writer/director who I've appreciated but didn't have the "love" factor surrounding any of his films. Paired with an outstanding cast, co-writer Josh Singer, editor Tom McArdle, cinematographer Masanobu Takayanagi and composer Howard Shore, Tom McCarthy gets a chance to create his masterpieceand succeeds. He makes brilliant artistic choices, such as letting a Mark Ruffalo letter reading play over a 2-minute taxi car ride back to the newspaper. McCarthy's direction is one of the best directorial efforts from any filmmaker this year thus far.All the players performing are top-notch but walking away, best-in- show, is the performance of Academy Award nominee Mark Ruffalo. Ruffalo exhibits his best screen performance to date, and makes a stake in his claim for the Oscar this year. Weirdly reminiscent of Joaquin Phoenix's work in "The Master," Ruffalo builds his 'Mike' from the feet up, giving him his own characteristics that I'm not sure McCarthy and Singer set out to do. His expressions in words, mannerisms, all encapsulate the magnitude of his work, bookended by an explosive scene that brought tears to my eyes. Think back to Emma Stone's acclaimed work in "Birdman," and the scene that made everyone notice. I wanted to simply applaud.Michael Keaton and Rachel McAdams, who play "Robbie" and "Sacha" respectively, are attune with their characters and destinations. Each bring strong sensibilities and sensitivity to their roles that desperately call for them. Hotly worked into the story is Liev Schreiber as a newly appointed Editor, that in the little screen time he's given, makes a long-lasting impression. Stanley Tucci is also afforded the same opportunity, and gives one of the film's best monologues.If there's a film this year that feels like an Oscar-winner, "Spotlight" sure does make a compelling case. Dramatic, heart- pounding, and necessarily made. It's one of the most important films this year and probably THE BEST PICTURE OF THE YEAR. The Telluride tradition may continue.
10  Another good movie from the Rock. Its a gripping tale involving the San Andreas earthquake, with good graphics and an engaging storyline from start to finish. Hardly predictable IMO, the movie itself is well thought out and well made, the CGI is pretty good and realistic (people shrieked out in excitement from various parts of the theater at various times!), and Dwayne Johnson brings an exciting vibe to the whole show. Overall, it makes for an enjoyable evening out. A must watch at the theaters this Summer!The film fully captures the terrifying power and fearsome wrath of a massive widespread earthquake. It also becomes quite entertaining to watch with the family getting their act together to survive the effects of the quake. Director Brad Peyton was able to strike that perfect balance to keep us at the edge of our seats with the sense of imminent (and potentially real) danger, and still have an exhilarating fun time. The music is also quite catchy and entertaining. And yes, you'll also pick up some quake survival tips along the way!
10  Sometimes I wish Woody Allen was cool and self confident, and not always nervous, unsure and geeky all the time. But you can't deny that he's a very intelligent person. His best film, the quiet and understated masterpiece "Annie Hall", is so full of jokes and inventive style it can make your head spin. Actually, this is one film I wish I had a script of so I could slowly read all those dialogs which are being said too fast. In 1978 "Annie Hall" beat "Star Wars" and won 4 Oscars ( Best picture, director, screenplay, actress Diane Keaton ) and one Golden Globe ( Best actress Diane Keaton ).-------- The simple comedy about a romance between the New York comedian Alvy and Annie is enriched by tons of emotions and inventive film techniques which even Jean-Luc Godard would be jealous of. In one scene Alvy is talking to Annie about art while the subtitles are presenting his *real* words, about how he wants to take her out! In the other they are having intercourse in bed while Annie's ghost/mind is absent and sitting on a chair! Alvy is walking down the street and saying how he watched the animated movie "Snow White and the seven dwarfs" and fell in love with the witch and presto, in the next scene he is drawn in animation in the middle of that film, having an argument with his lover, the witch. The list goes on and on.I remember that I couldn't watch this film when I was a kid. I found it to be too boring. But today I completely understand it. You just have to think about it. Like when Alvy is so happy he says to Annie that he doesn't just love her, but that he "luurves her, loaves her and luuf's her." Also, some of the gags are simply quietly hilarious, like when the hero is narrating his society as a child, commenting on everything ( "Those who don't know nothing, teach. Those who don't know how to teach, teach gym. And those don't know even that, teach at our school." ).Grade: 10/10
10  To Kill a Mockingbird is the movie based on the Harper Lee novel of the same name about Scout, Jem and their father, Atticus Finch who is an attorney in a small southern town.  It is both a coming of age story about the children as well as a hard-hitting drama, as Atticus defends a black man who is on trial for the rape of a white woman.  This review is not an easy one to write, despite the fact that I have seen this film at least 10 times.  The reason it does not come easily is that this is one of the most personally important films I have ever seen and is in my personal `Top Five of All Time'.  I'm certain there is nothing that can be said about the film that has not already been repeated a multitude of times, so I guess the best thing to do is explain why the film is so important to me.I first saw this film several years ago and was so profoundly affected by it that I immediately watched it again.  Of course, the defense of a man wrongly accused of a crime is a common story line, but To Kill a Mockingbird stands out as an exceptional example for several reasons.  Among them, the date that the film was released:  1962, on the cusp of the civil rights movement in America, and the fact that it takes place in the south in the 1930's.  It is also far from the first film to explore the experiences of children and their own personal growth, but To Kill a Mockingbird stands out because of its sheer honesty and natural performances by the child actors portraying these rich characters.  But most of all, this film is special because of Gregory Peck's portrayal of Atticus Finch, a true hero.  At the risk of sounding histrionic, my heart aches when I watch him on screen because he is such an incredible man, and is so inherently good.  No matter how many times I have seen this film, I smile when I see his interaction with his children, and I well with tears when I see his incredible strength of character.  (No easy feat to break through the armor of this cynical film geek who, if given the chance would remake at least a few dozen films with tragic endings.) I was sitting in my car listening to National Public Radio recently the day Gregory Peck died, and I'm not ashamed to admit that I sat and cried hearing the retrospective they offered  mainly because the man who portrayed my own personal cinematic hero was gone, but also because Peck lived his life with the same conviction as his best known role; a fact that makes Atticus Finch all the more tangible.  The American Film Institute recently named Atticus Finch the number one hero of all time, a choice I consider both brave and insightful in an age where our heroes generally either wield weapons or have super human physical strength.  Atticus Finch fights evil as well, but with his strong moral fiber and his mind.  To Kill a Mockingbird is generally required reading during the course of one's education.  If you have not read it, do so.  If you have not seen the film, do so; and share it with others.  It is an exceptional film that stands the test of time and will remain an important addition to film history for as long as the genre exists.  --Shelly
10  I watch this movie every time it plays on TV.  A simply brilliant film. Three men return home from war and try to return to civilian life with great difficulty.  All three led opposite lives during the war (Executive Banker became an army corporal, a soda jerk became an Air Force Captain and the High School Football hero loses both his arms in battle)and now each must reconstruct his life and connect with a new reality.  The homes they return to, with grown children and independent, working women along with a depressed economy, only add to the strife.  It's the scenes just off camera and the unspoken dialog which resonates the most loudly, however.  The awkward intimacy of Frederich March and Myrna Loy and his struggle to return to his place as leader (both at home and at work) are heartbreaking.Dana Andrews is riveting as the handsome, decorated Captain who struggles to keep his life together without the uniform.The film is filled with honest characters and each is portrayed by a gifted actor.This film, however, took on a whole other level after seeing, "Saving Private Ryan."  The reality and magnitude of what these men lived through for love and country......and obviously it didn't end on the battlefield.This is an essential for any collection.
10  * the original was not merely a great film, it was a one-of-a-kind, with no analog or precedent or imitation. I think I rated it a 12 on IMDb (no mean feat since the ratings only go up to 10) * I suppose -- and I am not happy about making this concession -- that if anyone on this sorry planet has the right to destroy the original by making a sequel which is so weak that it borders on caricature (worse, it suggests that the greatness of the original was accidental) it would be Rodriguez and Miller. And that's just what they did.* To say that Jessica Alba reprised her role from the original would be to mis-use the word "reprise." She best resembled an animated giff file.* leaving aside the terrible script, a script lacking even a hint of the nuance of the original, it bears remembering that the incredible Bruce Willis is not merely a major star on his own, he is (check the IMDb) an accomplished voice actor too. Therefore, the attempt to fill his shoes (er... narration track) with Josh Brolin is painfully uncomfortable from the start, and only gets worse as time goes on.* the only one having any fun here is Mickey Rourke, and I suspect that is because, unlike you and I, he is getting paid for this involvement.
10  This is why i love 7th art.In this movie you can learn everything about people on the top,about greed ,about politics,about beauty,about grotesque,ruling,sickness of love and hate.This movie represents all what we are ,belive it or not,like it or not.That is why this movie most people don't like,it is exposer of themselves,ourselves.You also must know that whole movie is based on the ancient scripts and not a word is changed,so to watch this movie you have to prepare yourself like you are watching "playing documentary" ever made,based on ancient facts,just like history. That is his greatness.And also the number of people who made this film and from what kind of arts (Italians especially) are coming,you would be breathless.I give it pure 10!!!
10  I thought the film was terrific when I saw it in theaters twelve years ago. Recently in watching it again on cable, I was amazed at the quality of the screenplay. I didn't notice the first time. But on repeated viewings (like reliving Groundhog Day), I was impressed at the story created by the writers. This film is so much more than witty jokes and comic riffs arranged around a gimmick. It has an internal logic and consistency that is very rarely found in screenplays. No joke seemed disposable, and as you laugh your way along, the philosophy underlying the film takes over your imagination.Check the IMDb listings for this film's awards: look at the numerous British awards for writing. And yet this film was not even nominated for an Oscar. It is so rare that a film's jokes seem just as fresh more than a decade later, but I believe that is because the theme underlying the humor will never go out of fashion.The acting was terrific, and I now think this is Bill Murray's best work (though I didn't take it seriously when I first saw the film.) But the screenplay is the one of the finest ever written. I don't know if it's studied in film schools, but it ought to be.* * * * *ON HAROLD RAMIS' DEATH: Ramis told The Associated Press in a 2009 story about the 50th anniversary of Second City. "When you hit it right, those things last."I found that quote in a story on Ramis' death. The story curiously did not mention "Groundhog Day." If there is any film to serve as a fitting memorial for Harold Ramis, it must be "Groundhog Day." A totally perfect script, perfectly executed. He hit it right, and when will he get the recognition he deserved decades ago?
10  I like, but don't love, musicals - my DVD shelves contain a selection, but the stuff there is pretty obvious: Singing in the Rain, King and I, Wizard of Oz, Moulin Rouge etc.. I'm not a Meryl Streep fan - I admire her craft, but mostly haven't liked the parts she's played. Conversely, I've always liked Abba's music. So that's my starting point when considering this movie which I have just been to see with my 80-year old mother.The story is a piece of fluff. Sophie, who lives with her mother in a dilapidated hotel on an idyllic Greek island, wants nothing more than for her father to be at her forthcoming wedding. The trouble is her father could be any one of three men with whom her mother dot dot dotted twenty years ago. So Sophie invites all three of them to her wedding and, as expected, complications ensue. The story, such as it is, is quite strong enough to enable the songs to be hooked onto it. And the songs, with one or two obvious exceptions (Money Money Money cued by the rundown state of the hotel) are very cannily worked into the story so that each one is relevant.The film looks great. The Greek locations overflow with sun and primary colours. The script is mostly fairly deft, and there is a sprinkling of decent laughs.But the film ultimately stands or falls - and it stands, believe me! - on two things: the music, and the cast.The music - sitting through this film brings home the strength of the Abba catalogue. There isn't a weak song among the two dozen which feature on the soundtrack. The music, produced by composer Benny Andersson, mostly wisely sticks very close to the original arrangements, and the occasional divergences (Greek bouzouki on I Had A Dream, for instance) are spot on.And the cast - well, they deliver. Brosnan's singing has been criticised, but he is always in tune, and he delivers a satisfactory vocal performance rather than dazzling with a polished singing technique (which he hasn't got). The four leading women are all wonderful. Julie Walters and Christine Baranski as Meryl Streep's two oldest friends are both very funny (Julie Walters has a particularly funny little bit of business in a rubber boat), and Baranski has her own knockout number. Amanda Seyfried as Sophie is simply delightful - she sings well, carries the plot and all the emotion which goes with it, and is very easy on the eye. And Meryl Streep is a revelation.This film is an utterly joyous experience. My old Mum and I came out of the cinema buoyed up by the experience of watching it, and I cannot recommend it highly enough to anyone who enjoys musicals and/or Abba's music.
10  The seventies were the last years of great (American) films. I say films because when we speak of movies nowadays, we allude to blockbusters that generate hundreds of millions of dollars, the least amount of controversy, and are mostly inane crowd pleasers with tacked-on endings.Consider the output of influential film makers Allen during that time: Coppola, Scorsese, Altman, Lumet, Ashby, Bogdanovich, to name a few Americans, not to mention European directors Fellini, Bergman, Wertmuller, Truffaut, Argento, Saura, and Bunuel -- all household names in those days. Before Spielberg and Lucas came along, not a single one of these made movies appealing to the "summer blockbuster tradition," and unlike Spielberg or Lucas, they have a body of work filled in high artistic quality with minimum special effects and a lasting mark on future generations.Polanski is another one of these directors, and with "Chinatown," he reaches his directorial peak amidst the scandals which seemed to taint everything except his art. One can only imagine him in the forties, living his scandals, and transmuting this into high art -- when film-noir was at its darkest. Thankfully he lived in a time which did not demand the "happy ending" or re-shoots in order to be politically correct -- else "Chinatown" would have lost its devastating punch and conformed to the norm.A departure from the horror genre which brought Polanski to stardom, he re-creates an equally grim genre with his jaded view of 1930s Los Angeles down to the choice of the color palette, and using the acting powers of Dunaway and Nicholson to a fantastic effect, he creates haunting characters who can't be easily dismissed as film-noir archetypes without looking very closely at their reactions, listening to their words, and following their progressive involvement in a plot which threatens to swallow them whole, and ultimately does. And having Huston play Noah Cross -- who virtually took noir to its heights with "The Maltese Falcon" -- Polanski hits the mark dead center, because Huston is the hardened heart of the corruption in "Chinatown." In brief scenes he creates a character almost unbearably evil with a hint of madness just underneath, and how he affects the characters around him will pervade the viewer long after the credits have rolled -- after all, he is the person who tells Nicholson he has no idea what he's getting himself into.I doubt this movie could be made today for reasons stated above. I'm thankful Polanski's vision prevailed, and not Towne's. Film-noir is a genre about human darkness, and here, the envelope is pushed all the way through, making this film, in my opinion, rank second to "The Maltese Falcon."
10  Buster Keaton's "The General," about a man and his engine, puts you in a world where the most comically inventive situation that could happen will happen. From major comic situations to throwaway gags, "The General" always knows what to do.The story begins in leisurely fashion. A title card tells us that Johnnie Gray (Keaton) has two loves in his life: his engine and his girlrespectively, The General and Annabelle Lee (Marion Mack). Johnnie goes to visit Annabelle, followed by two engineer-worshipping boys and, unknown to him, Annabelle Lee herself. He and his entourage arrive at the door; Johnnie polishes his shoes on the back of his pants legs, slicks back his hair, and gently taps the door with the door knocker. Then he turns to notice Annabelle. Keaton's understated reaction is a testament to his uniqueness. Any other comedian would have done an explosive double-take.Now Johnnie and Annabelle are together in her parlor, but the boys are there, too. Johnnie stands up, puts on his hat and opens the door as if to leave. The hero-worshippers are ready to follow, but Johnnie lets them out first, then closes the door on them. This is a gentle ruse in the world of silent comedy. At Keystone both boys would have gotten kicked in the pants.Now the two are alone. Annabelle's father sees them from another room and is about to break things up when her brother enters and announces that Fort Sumter has been fired upon: the War Between the States has begun. Annabelle kisses her father and brother as they go to enlist, then turns expectantly to Johnnie, who cocks his head like a confused puppy. She asks, "Aren't you going to enlist?" Realization hits him, and he leaps off the seat. Before he can run out the door, Annabelle kisses him. This so overwhelms Johnnie that he flings out his arm in a farewell gesture and falls off the porch.Johnnie races to the general store, which is now a makeshift recruitment office. Taking a shortcut he manages to be the first in line. The door to the office is opened and Johnnie comes marching inonly he and the rest of the line go in two different directions, and he has to jump over several tables to get in front again. He gives the enlistment officer his name and occupation, but the man rejects him. Johnnie is more valuable to the South as an engineer. Later, Annabelle believes that Johnnie didn't even try to enlist. She refuses to speak to him again until he's in uniform. What follows is a classic moment: Johnnie sits on the connecting rod of his engine. He's so miserable that he doesn't notice when he starts moving up and down, until just before the train enters a tunnel.Time passes and we learn that a group of Unionists are secretly passengers on The General. When (nearly) everyone is off the train having dinner, the Unionists climb back aboard and take the engine. Annabelle, a passenger herself, was still on board. She is now their prisoner.But Johnnie only knows his beloved General has been stolen, possibly by deserters. He pursues the engine by taking another, The Texas. Through a mishap he becomes the sole person aboard The Texas, but the Unionists think they're outnumbered and continue to run. What follows is the true joy of the movie: two long chases (separated by an important plot twist). Now the movie changes its quiet pace for almost nonstop action.I love it when the Unionists break off the rail car to hinder The Texas. At one point, the car, which Johnnie thought he had switched to another track, reappears in front of the baffled engineer, only to disappear later just as mysteriously. We see the logical circumstances that lead to the car's seeming magic act, and the equally logical situations that keep Keaton occupied, preventing him from seeing what we see.Comic logic is important to "The General." In no other movie do hyperbolic slapstick gags seem so plausible and inevitable. In a throwaway gag, Johnnie empties a burlap sack full of shoes because he urgently needs the sack. Of courseof course!he loses his own shoe in the pile and must stop to hunt for it.We move to the second chase, where Johnnie has The General and the Unionists are the ones pursuing him. Now Johnnie must contend with Annabelle Lee.Marion Mack leaves no mark of her personality on the screen. She deserves credit mainly for being willing and able to take it. Bette Davis and Katharine Hepburn were never thrown around, trod upon or knocked about the way Marion Mack was. She has hilarious moments. The excitement of the chase does not prevent her from taking out a broom to sweep the dusty floor of the engine. An exasperated Johnnie tells her to keep throwing wood into the fire. She takes a small stick and daintily puts it in. Johnnie sarcastically hands her a sliver, and she puts that in, too. Then, in a moment that has an audience roaring and clapping, Johnnie grabs her and half-throttles her before kissing her instead.The final section, most of it a battle scene, includes the shot where The Texas begins to cross a burning bridge, only to crash into the river. Owing to Keaton's disdain of fakery (one of several reasons his works seem modern) he did not use a model but a real train on a real burning bridge. The crash cost $42,000reportedly making it the single most expensive shot ever in a silent film.A worthy closing gag was too taxing even for Keaton's ingenuity. Johnnie's dilemma is to kiss his girl while saluting the passing soldiers. His remedy is only mildly funny. Is anyone complaining? "The General" is a work of art and a work of genius.
10  Great acting, it shocked me in a really good way. Must watch !
10  I've seen way too many thrillers. You name it: "Identity", "Seven", "The Usual Suspects", etc., etc., etc. I remember my friend being so obsessed with "Silence of the Lambs", that it drove me crazy. And I hated the movie naturally and refused to see it. But everyone told me that I have to see this, so I let my guard down. And had an open mind, and I'm glad I did. My friend was right, this is a great movie. It is so well acted, I couldn't even describe. I loved "Silence of the Lambs" and would recommend it to anyone. It's creepy and exciting. Trust me, you'll love it.10/10
10  Infernal Affairs: 9/10A brilliant cop movie out of Hong Kong, with a sublime plot and great acting by the two leads Andy Lau and Tony Leung (an indescribably great actor). An amazing concept with Lau as an undercover Triad member in the police force and Leung as an undercover cop in the Triad... which leads to many interesting situations. Great stuff, and the DVD even has the alternative ending (which isn't nearly as good as the main one).
10  You really could laugh yourself to death watching this movie. It is nothing but hilarious. Monty Python keeps pounding and pounding you with gag after gag, and lead you down a road, but suddenly its a bridge, no, its an ocean. One of the things that really makes this hilarious is the grand spectacle that dazzles you with attention to grand sound effects, and then the next scene may be purposely cheap sets, all to make you laugh yourself to death. There is crude humor, and what I think can fairly be described as dark humor-you might not think its funny to see an animal with big teeth rip several knights to death, or a knight have his arms and legs cut off, but Monty Python will make you laugh at it. I personally think they're akin to Marx Brothers comedy, or Mel Brooks-hilarious with likable people in outrageous situations.
10  This quote is one of the most shocking and yet truthful quotes I have ever heard. It is one of many shocking and intense quotes in the movie. Furthermore Judgment at Nuremburg is one of the most absorbing movies I have seen. Even though most if not all of it is dialog it is very much a haunting film. This film is loosely based on the trials in Nuremburg in 1948. Right from the start the movie captures your mind and never lets it go. The acting was collectively amazing. One of the best casts ever assembled which included Spencer Tracy, Montgomery Clift, Judy Garland, Richard Widmark, Burt Lancaster as well as international stars Maximilian Schell and Marlene Dietrich. It is not just the fact that this is a star studded cast that made it so great, it was the way everyone appeared to blend in together. Maximilian Schell gave the performance of his life in this film playing the defense lawyer for Burt Lancaster who give two superb narratives that will certainly stay in your mind forever. Schell's character use of logic is that of something which will mesmerize use you whether or not you agree or disagree with what he says. Richard Widmark playing the prosecutor gave the type of supporting performance that was necessary for Schell to shine. The way both actors fed off each other was a joy to watch. Then of course the tiny appearances of Garland and Clift were excellent and worth every second they spent on camera. I usually find myself frustrated with cameos and actors receiving recognition for them but this film used cameos the best way I have ever seen. Then of course Spencer Tracy and Marlene Dietrich provided such great presence were perfect for the lead.The direction of Stanley Kramer was spectacular as the film intensified more and more as it wore on. It was always engrossing and never let up. The writing of Abby Mann was great, filled up with great material and narratives allowing every actor in the cast to give a superb performance. There were many memorable quotes as well. The writing carried the film forward and allowed all the potential and talent to push this film to another level.Judgement at Nuremburg is not just another movie. It is a very thought provoking movie. More than that though it is haunting. Just thinking about the course of the events being talked about in the movie became subtly haunting in a way I really didn't expect. What was the most compelling though was the way we need to separate what we feel with what has to be truly done, with what is truly right.
10  "Cannibal Holocaust" is not the campy little horror flick I expected. It's a "serious" and well-made movie and it's an experience you'll hardly ever forget. According to IMDb's trivia section the movie can "only be seen completely uncut in the EC-UltraBit DVD", which means that I've seen a tamed down version and that, my friends, is insane! "Cannibal Holocaust" is easily one of the most graphic movies I've ever come across. The violence is incredibly realistic. It's no wonder that director Ruggero Deodato was taken to court to prove that he hasn't slain real people for his motion picture. (I still think the real animal slaughtering in the movie was unnecessary. Screw you for that, Deodato!) It's hard to tell if there really is a message or if the "moral" is just an excuse for all the gore. In a strange way the violent scenes somehow speak for themselves and do deliver some kind of message, but that's open for discussion.If ever a movie deserved the label "disturbing", it's "Cannibal Holocaust". It's controversial, but totally worth watching, if you can take some seriously sick images.
10  I have a confession to make that could land me in serious trouble here. I love this movie with a love bordering on the unnatural. Of course, I hear you saying, that can only mean one thing; you're a gay man of a certain age and if you haven't come out of the closet already. you're coming out now, and wearing sequins at the same time. No straight man, I hear you say, could love this movie with this kind of unbridled passion, so if you have aspirations to being a 100% red-blooded heterosexual male, (is there such a thing?), then keep any fondness for "Mama Mia" to yourself; you will automatically be suspect. Of course, I could just as easily be a teenage girl, (it's a chick flick, after all), and be in equally serious difficulties with my peers, for loving "Mama Mia" would then mean I had already turned into my mother, for this is a chick flick for the older chick and no mistake.I had avoided it on stage. I have never been a fan of 'juke-box' musicals where a plot is conjured up around a set of songs by a well-known group or artist. And my undiminished love of Abba, (there, I'm out of the closet - happy now?), made me shy away from, rather than run to, a show where their greatest hits were sung, karaoke-style, by others. But something drew me to the movie. Perhaps it was Meryl, (if Meryl liked it, it can't be that bad, I kept saying to myself). Perhaps it was the locations, (it all takes place on a very travelogue Greek isle). Perhaps, ultimately, it was the songs, (who isn't a dancing queen, after all). Nevertheless, going to "Mama Mia", the movie, was still like dipping my toe in the water before deciding if I wanted to do a full length of the pool. The last thing I expected was to fall head over heels, to turn into a blubbering mess, to turn into the oldest dancing queen on the block and into my mother all at the same time. "Mama Mia" is a guilty pleasure, (no self-respecting cineaste should ever admit to even liking this movie, never mind loving it), but as guilty pleasures go, this is the best junk meal you are ever likely to have.It's director, Phyllida Law, did it on the stage so at least she is familiar with the material, but she is new to movies and after the mess Susan Stroman made of "The Producers" I didn't really expect anything, but while "The Producers" was stagey,(and not in an appealing way), "Mama Mia" is genuinely cinematic. Lloyd's idea of film-making may be to let her camera roam all over the place, (she seems to have an MTV mentality), but she also knows how to build a production number. This is a fully-fledged musical of the old school. And now I am beginning to see the light. It's OK, guys, you can admit to liking "Mama Mia" without worrying too much about revealing your sexuality. Straight men are allowed to like musicals, too, aren't they? Then, of course, there are those songs, the ones we grew up loving. I read somewhere that Abba didn't write great songs because no-one covered them, unlike, say, Lennon and McCartney; that what made Abba's songs 'great' was the Abba sound. There may be something in that; the 'Abba sound' produced some of the greatest pop ever. Arguably, the songs that Abba, (and by Abba, I mean Bjorn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson), wrote and recorded are the greatest pop songs we've been given. So how do they work coming from the mouths of people who, effectively, aren't singers? (Ok, Meryl, we all know you can sing and act and probably split the atom at the same time, and the girl who plays her daughter, Amanda Seyfried, sounds very pleasant to the ear). Well, the answer is bloody marvelous. Most of these songs sound as if they were written for the film and not the other way round; in other words, they fit the plot in the way that songs in a good musical should and they are good enough to stand on their own.These are Broadway show-tunes and they aren't wholly reliant on 'the Abba sound'. So what if Julie Walters and Stellan Skarsgard croak their way through 'Take a Chance on Me'; by the time they get around to it I would have taken a chance on anyone. So Pierce Brosnan can't sing? Neither can Tom Waits or Leonard Cohen and yet we love them to bits. (Actually, Brosnan can just about manage to hold a tune and he makes a fairer fist of it than Lee Marvin or Clint Eastwood did in "Paint your Wagon"). And Meryl, of course, is wonderful. Our greatest living actress is having fun here. This is her first fully-fledged musical: I just wondered what took her so long, (her rendition of 'The Winner takes it All' is one of the great solo performances in any musical).But does any of this justify my over-whelming and totally inexplicable passion? Probably not, which is why it is inexplicable. It's not a 'great' movie, (although it could just be a 'great' musical); it often feels like a bunch of friends' best ever holiday video where they keep bursting into song with fully orchestrated backing, and it gives a totally new meaning to the term 'Greek Chorous'. So, obviously I am a middle-aged gay man with a full wardrobe of seventies gear. (I certainly haven't turned into my mother!). I mean, what other explanation can there be? Oh, I've just thought of one. It is a great movie musical and it's a terrific way to spend an evening. So I can now safely go back into my closet if I can find room among all the sequins and seventies gear.
10  This movie was good.  I loved the gun fight scene in Downtown LA and Neil's last confrontation with Waingro.  This must've been my fourth time watching it and I still enjoy watching those two scenes. However, much of the rest of the movie could've been edited out. I always thought it ran a little long.  Also, I thought the dialogue could've been better.  Am I alone on this?  Everyone seems to praise this movie as one of the best they've seen.  Am I the only one who thinks the sub-plots, especially those involving the characters' personal lives could've been shortened or eliminated altogether?  And that the dialogue was weak, even during that coffee shop scene?  The pacing was slow and, except for a few scenes, the movie was boring.  The movie was basically a few great scenes strung together by a lot of weak ones.  Despite the movie's flaws, I enjoyed some of the action sequences and the performances of Al Pacino and Robert Dinero.  It's too bad they didn't get a better script.  In short, this is an over-rated film that ran too long and that has a couple of great actors and some good action scenes.  7/10 stars.
10  I've now seen this film three times with a decade or more between viewings, and every time I see it I come away feeling that movies can't get any better than this.  People always comment on the Viet Nam scenes, and it's true that they are as powerful and intense as any war scenes ever filmed.  The Russian-roulette betting game, in both its up-river and Saigon venues, may be the most riveting, shattering plot device ever invented, as measured by the pounding of the heart. But it's the 'home front' scenes that stick with me through the years.  I think all the steel town scenes are nearly perfect, untoppable.  And that very much includes the Eastern Orthodox wedding and its sequel.  When anyone tells me they were bored I just shake my head.  There's no arguing with short and shallow attention spans.  You're either capable of appreciating art or you're not.   I do have a quibble or two.  The deer-hunting scenes looked like nowhere I've ever seen in Pennsylvania, or anywhere else East of the Rockies.  I think Cimino deliberately picked an ethereal location above the clouds as a contrast to the steel town.  When John Cazale and the others get loaded and act like jerks it jars on Michael, because they have brought the stupid distractions of ordinary life to an extraordinary place.  This would matter less if the 'genius loci' were not so strongly present in the other home front scenes. I wish he had used the soft, green forested hills of Pennsylvania for the hunting.  And some of the dialogue--Meryl Streep's in particular--wouldn't work on the page, and only first-rate acting by an inspired ensemble--has there ever been a better cast of young actors?--pulls it off.  But these are forgivable errors in one of the finest films ever made.
10  Pitch Perfect 2 is a 2015 American musical comedy film directed by Elizabeth Banks and written by Kay Cannon. It is a sequel to the 2012 film Pitch Perfect, which was loosely adapted from Mickey Rapkin's non- fiction book, titled Pitch Perfect: The Quest for Collegiate A Cappella Glory. The film centers on the fictional Barden University and The Bellas, an-all female a capella singing group. The film features an ensemble cast that includes Anna Kendrick, Rebel Wilson, Brittany Snow, Ester Dean, Hana Mae Lee, and Alexis Knapp. It was released on May 15, 2015 by Universal Pictures.Plot Of The Movie: Following an incident involving Fat Amy having a wardrobe malfunction at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, the Barden Bellas are suspended from the circuit of a capella performing. In order to regain their status, the Bellas enter the international competition—a colossal task since no American team has ever won.I loved these sexy women and this perfect number 1 movie.
10  The Good, the Bad and the Ugly (1966) is an epic classic Sergio Leone's masterpiece film and a great conclusion to "the Man with No Name" Trilogy. This is my number 1 favorite Spaghetti Western about the Civil War and three gunslingers on a search for a lost gold. I love this film to death. It is my personal favorite western movie of all time. Clint Eastwood, Eli Wallach and Lee Van Cleef are the best of the film in their roles. It has a great showdown in the cemetery on the end of the film, the way how it is edited. The cuts with people's faces and close up shots. I love this film to death and it is my number one favorite western in the trilogy. If I had to put then into a 'favorite ranking' list? 1. The Good, The Bad and The Ugly, 2. A Fistful of Dollars and For a Few Dollars More. Those are all three best masterpieces ! They are my favorite Clint Eastwood western movies in the series and they are really my favorite westerns that I am still watching today. I love the music score by Ennio Morricone that did wrote different and new theme music score for this film. The Action sequences are awesome and the bullets are flying, the guns in this film are plenty. The scene action are also good which this film makes such an entertainment from begging till end. It is the third entry in to The Dollars trilogy or better known the Man with No Name, it is the final installment of The Dollars Trilogy. This film is a classic that made Clint Eastwood in to a big star that he is today. An epic Western that follows the adventures of three gunfighters looking for $200,000 in stolen gold, Sergio Leone's 'The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly' is one of his best masterpiece, one that continues to get better and better with each viewing. A bounty hunting scam joins two men in an uneasy alliance against a third in a race to find a fortune in gold buried in a remote cemetery. The inimitable "Man With No Name" teams with two gunslingers (Lee Van Cleef and Eli Wallach) to pursue a fortune in stolen gold. But teamwork doesn't come naturally to the outlaws, and they soon discover that their greatest challenge is to stay alive in a country ravaged by war. Forging and Vibrant and yet detached style of action never before seen and not matched since, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly shatters the western mold in true Eastwood Style! The film is known for Leone's use of long shots and close-up cinematography, as well as his distinctive utilization of violence, tension, and stylistic gunfights.The plot revolves around three gunslingers competing to find fortune in a buried cache of Confederate gold amidst the violent chaos of the American Civil War (specifically the New Mexico Campaign in 1862), while participating in many battles and duels along the way. The film was the third collaboration between Leone and Clint Eastwood, and the second with Lee Van Cleef. Still the race and the three gunslingers were just fantastic who will get the first the gold. The final scene on the cemetery is one of the best action scenes ever. The iconic Mexican standoff, with Tuco, Angel-Eyes in the middle, and Blondie is the best scene in the film. The trio all separately are traveling trough American Civil War who doesn't want any part of the war to do.Clint Eastwood as "Blondie" (a.k.a. the Man with No Name): a subdued, bounty hunter did a really wonderful job as the good person, he showed that he is honest a good kind gunslinger. I think Clint Eastwood as Blondie did made memorable character and one of his the best acting performance on screen I have ever saw. Lee Van Cleef as Angel Eyes: The Bad, a ruthless, unfeeling, and sociopathic mercenary who always finishes a job he is paid for. Did a terrific job as the villain in this film, gosh this movie is awesome! He convinced me of his acting skills that he is a professional actor. Eli Wallach as Tuco "The Rat" The Ugly, a comical, oafish was amazing in his role, Sergio Leone choose him for this film with natural talent as the main cast. Those trio actors did a wonderful job as a different gunslingers on searching for a gold. The film also has humor and it is also brilliant in the both terms, the scene on cemetery where Tuco arrives first and is looking for a tombstone was brilliant. It turned out the gold was buried in a unmarked grave, that was hard to find. I was laughing when Blondie throws a shovel to Tuco for digging up the grave and the Angles Eyes comes and throws another shovel for Blondie, where both of them have to dig now the grave the scene was funny. They are a lot of moments in this film. 10/10 my number1 favorite in the trilogy, I love this film to death.
10  A bizarre show. I get the "patriarchy is dead" part and the weird and sometimes amusing ways the alternate settings are - men wearing shorts to show skin, shaving to have a more appealing body, the love for pastels and tight clothing (hmm), just sitting back and letting the women do it all (including fighting), I get it. I don't know how many men can get this part though.It's refreshing in a way but at the same time, maybe a little too much but hey, all to shape the women-dominated world.The acting can be tad cringy at some points but the story is strangely palatable. The abrupt ending however, is really.
10  The best way to describe this movie in one word is; fun! "Monsters, Inc." is a movie you can easily fall in love with. It has some great fun character, some awesome moments and some well placed comical moments. "Monsters, Inc." is entertainment at its bests.The voice cast is amazing. John Goodman and Billy Crystal form a great leading duo. Steve Buscemi is a great villain and James Coburn has a great voice that fits his character perfectly. John Ratzenberger as always is very entertaining this time in a role as banished Yeti.The story itself is pretty simple but thats what makes it easy to follow and so much fun to watch. The movie not only knows how to entertaining but also knows how and when to emote. The combination of fun and emotional things is perfectly balanced and placed within the movie.There is some great dialog but the true power of "Monsters, Inc." are the wonderful characters. Not is there only a wild variety of strange and weird characters but also some characters that are good for some serious laughs and Boo is simply adorable and a pretty fair representation of a kid in real life. Well done Pixar!Pure entertainment for the entire family!10/10http://bobafett1138.blogspot.com/
10  This is one of those wonderful films where everything comes together. The acting and the writing is by far the most impressive elements of this film. William Holden and Peter Finch should have both received Oscars for their performances, instead of just Peter Finch. Faye Dunaway pulls of the most dynamic and emotional characters she has ever played.The true brilliance of this film is that all elements of it fade appropriately behind the actors and their messages. The film is completely a work of storytelling and, at least for the writer, stunning clarity of message and purpose. Political films come and go but few remain in the annals of film because of their effectiveness at their own message. The cinematography, editing, sound, costume design, art direction and production design are all quite simplistic. In some scenes the film can be accused of being almost ugly. However this all lends to the back-washing of the film so as to allow the message to ring loudest. In my opinion, Sidney Lumet took this just a little too far and thus I give it a 9 instead of a 10.This is certainly a film for the history books. Every connoisseur of film should be exposed to this movie at some point in their life. If you happen to be cynical, then you will love every minute of this movie as its stark view of life in the 1970's (and onward) touches the hard of even the hardest of cynics. For those educators out there, GREAT film for classes on Media and Politics.
10  I also recommend anyone to see this film, otherwise, I will "fetchez la vache", which is among my favourite lines of the movie. I saw it first when I was a kid but I didn't really get it-- obviously, you don't understand what social critique and mockery are when you're 9 years old. But when I saw it again recently, I just bursted out with laughter, from the deliberate errors in the opening credits to the French Guards to the killer rabbit and so forth. For 90 minutes, Me and my flatmate laughed out so loudly that Sarah, one of our neighbours, almost called the police on us-- I didn't see any reason why she should. She didn't do it because she eventually went along and laughed out loud, too! I dated her for that 3 days later!
10  Yes its a crappy movie, yes its dumb, yes it wasn't 100% as funny as Workaholics, but its fun, enjoyable, and silly, and for any Workaholics fan, this is good, because its essentially feature length Workaholics episode. The story is basically a spoof of the essential story of Die Hard which is awesome because I'm a big fan of Die Hard and Workaholics, and they actually made a few Die Hard jokes in an early season of the show. So sorry, if you are not a fan of Workaholics, or you were looking for a different formula, then you will be disappointing. But for this fan here, I enjoyed it and had some good laughs, and that is whats important. Whats important in film is that you enjoy yourself, and while this wasn't as outrageously funny as the show, I definitely had some solid laughs and had a goof time viewing this film.I noticed the extremely low Metacritic score, and all I have to say is come on..... This is suppose to be a stupid and silly comedy movie, not a masterpiece of cinema by Fellini or Kubrick. As a Workaholics fan, I enjoyed to see a movie length opportunity for these three guys, and I loved to spoofing of the essential story of Die Hard. It was a fun little movie and if people take it seriously, as if its serious cinema, the of course a critic will hate it, because its not serious, its silly and over the top, and that what I came here for, I did not come here for Gone With The Wind. Over all, this Workaholics fan enjoyed this film which is essentially a Workaholics episode, and I would highly recommend this to any fan of the show.
10  Incredible, riveting and powerful.  What else could I say?  This movie has all of the qualities of classic film noir as well as the magnitude of an original, unique concept that has been tried and tired before but works here.  Guy Pearce has been underrated for years (just think back now to Priscilla and can you believe this is the same guy) and finally might get the recognition here that was at least well-deserved of him back for LA Confidential.  Powerful perfomances, well developed story with suspensful buildup of what our main character pieces together little by little makes this a must see.Easily in my top 100 of all time.
10  Im Mexican and all i can say is Thanks you Pizax,I just saw this movie and i just remembered all my childhood with my grandparents, Mexico was represented beautifully,the music, the colors. This movie touched me in my soul and i cried a lot, i created an account just to say how good pixar made everything, again gracias pixar por tan hermosa pelicula.
10  If you've seen this movie and heard the score, then my one line summary won't read like a mating call for sheep, but rather the absolutely exhilarating "Raider's March" which stirs my blood and makes me think of an unforgettable hero, Indiana Jones. If not, see it now.I love going to movies. I always have. I remember when this film came out. My friends had seen it before I had. They boasted it was great, the best film ever. Some even said it was better than Star Wars (utter blasphemy to a devout 10 year old Jedi-wannabe). I thought no way is this film better than Star Wars, but I was still curious and began the begging of my father to take me.When I was young, almost all of the films that I had seen, I saw with my Dad. He would take me and my mother would stay at home with my siblings. We saw a number of films that failed to generate a reaction with him as they did with me, but this one was different. This one, my Dad might've enjoyed just as much.Who can forget the scene where Indy faces bandits in the marketplace, fighting swords with his wits and fists, only to be finally challenged by a dark robed adversary brandishing a heavy, dismembering type of sabre as he swings the impressive blade about his head menacingly?Indiana looks his opponent up and down briefly and draws his pistol casually and shoots the villain dead as if his patience had been tested a moment longer than he could tolerate.My father, and the entire audience for that matter, laughed and cheered at this incredible scene. And it was the first time I'd actually been aware of his enjoyment of the film. Usually I'm so transfixed that I wouldn't notice if my legs were on fire. He enjoyed it so much, that he still tends to bring up that scene, even today.My father and I shared a great moment in movie history, and I will never forget it for as long as I live. I will always be grateful for the time we spent together and the films that I otherwise would have been unable to see without him taking me.Just a side note about the scene I've described above. It wasn't meant to go that  way at all. As Steven Spielberg explained in a television interview, the scene was meant to have an elaborate fight sequence, but Harrison Ford was suffering from diarrhea and couldn't go through with the elaborate set-up required. Someone said, "the only way we can finish this scene today is if he shoots him". Steven said, "Wait a minute, we might have something there."As for where it ranks with Star Wars, it's hard for me to say, so I won't. Star Wars was the first film I ever saw, and there's a story in that as well. Thanks again, Dad.
10  Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back (1980) is an excellent timeless classic that it is the best sequel of all time. I love this film to death, it is my second favorite film and the best sequel in the Star Wars franchise that I love. The Empire Strikes Back is a movie that it is one of the best sequels I can think of, it is right there with Aliens (1986), it is right there with Terminator 2: Judgment Day (1991) it is an excellent sequel and it really does establish The Empire as a value treat. Empire Strikes Back is still and excellent film which I really believe is a timeless classic. This is my second favorite film from director Irvin Kershner. Number 1 favorite Irvin Kershner film will be RoboCop 2 (1990) which is very underrated action flick. I still have to review those movies someday.Empire Strikes Back (1980) is the best one of the series, because it's deeper, darker, more philosophical. It's great because Darth Vader and the Empire are at their most menacing, the direction is creative, the characters feel real, the nature of the Force is explored more without losing its mysticism, and the pacing is, as George Lucas would put it, faster and more intense than any other film in the saga.The plot is actually more a rescue mission that Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) is coming to rescue his friends Han Solo, Princess Leia Organa, C-3PO and Chewbacca are captured on a planet Bespin in Cloud City from villainous Darth Vader. Han Solo's friend Lando Calrissian (Billy Dee Williams) set the up and with Darth Vader he set a trap for Luke. Also Luke studied the Force under Jedi Master Yoda to become a full Jedi Knight but in the end he must confront Darth Vader (David Prowse) by him self. The origins of Luke Skywalker are reveled.Empire Strikes Back was released in 1980 it is directed by Irvin Kershner this time and not George Lucas. Because George Lucas decide that he want to make this sequel independent one, so he ended up coming with his own, founding for the film. Getting a loan and money he earn from the first movie and it success, so he decided he wanted, to found the film him self, and he wanted to be more an executive producer to keep an eye on the lamp, he moved to a bigger studio in Orange County, California, so he diced to be more a producer he did not want to direct Empire Strikes Back. So his first choice was Irvin Kershner, who was a professor at UC in the UC film school, that George attended too and he always liked Irvin Kershner and of course he was a former professor and it was a hard way talk him to do it and the first time Irvin Kershner didn't want to do it, so George called Irvin's agent and his agent said to Irvin take it so he did and the rest is a history. This stands the test of time, the best film he ever directed! I love John Williams score still the same, but I think John Williams changed the music score for a little bit, but that's just my opinion.Things that I love in this film: I love the battle with Rebels fighting with the Imperial AT-AT walkers on the ice world of Hoth. That is my favorite scene on ice world in the film. The Imperial AT-AT walkers are incredible well made with classic special effects.I love that the origins of Luke Skywalker are reveled, that Luke is the son of Darth Vader, who is actually Anakin Skywalker, before he become Darth Vader and went to the dark site.For the first time ever, we see an Emperor in a Hologram talking to Darth Vader.The Falcon with Han Solo, Princess Leia Organa, C-3PO and Chewbacca hiding in the rocks try's to eat a monster.Luke faces with Darth Vader him self face to face and get his arm cut off and then he jumps off the bridge, because he didn't want to join his father in a dark force. The lightsaber duel throughout the chamber between Luke and Darth Vader was excellent and it was epic.The training sequence with Luke and master Yoda were excellent and epic. A New Hope and The Empire Strikes Back are my favorite films in series, that are in the franchise, this film get's a perfect 10 score for been the best sci-fi adventure sequel of all time.
10  What Jack Lemmon and Tony Curtis do in "Some Like it Hot" would be par for the course in modern movies  every other month, similar fish-out-of-water movies premiere with men posing as women ("Tootsie"), women posing as men ("The Associate"), black people posing as white people ("White Chicks"), and on and on. What makes "Some Like it Hot" different is two things: the strength of its comedy, and the presence of Marilyn Monroe, then at the height of stardom.Lemmon and Curtis turn in admirable performances both as Joe and Jerry, and as Josephine and Daphne. Tony Curtis does Lemmon one better by creating a third identity, "Junior", in order to woo Sugar Kane (Monroe).Tying the pair's story into the Chicago Valentine's Day Massacre, where a gang war spilled over into a parking garage, leaving a number of people lined up against the wall and shot, is a deft touch (though the serious tone of these gang sequences contrasts sharply with the bulk of the movie).The movie does an excellent job building the far-fetched stakes of the movie ever-higher, from their finding refuge from vengeful gangs in a women's jazz band, to their showdown in the Florida hotel, to the eventual revealing of Curtis' and Lemmon's identities. The movie's surprisingly suggestive and risque content is at odds with the time frame of the movie, and even with the period of the movie's creation. The many smart double-entendres and plays on words are very well-written, and alternate between lowbrow and highbrow comedy,The films only fault might be a couple of overlong musical numbers, performed either by the whole band or soloed by Sugar Kane. Though to be expected in a Marilyn Monroe film, these musical acts are literal "show stoppers" that bring the comedic momentum of the film to a screeching halt. However, it is easy to over look these minor defects in the movie as a whole, because by and large it is quite funny  no wonder it s considered a classic  and after all, "nobody's perfect".
10  Viewers are taken on a ride through three different stories that entertwine together around the world of Marcellus Wallace. Quentin Tarantino proves that he is the master of witty dialogue and a fast plot that doesn't allow the viewer a moment of boredom or rest. From the story of two hit-man on a job, to a fixed boxing match to a date between a hit-man and the wife of a mob boss. There was definitely a lot of care into the writing of the script, as everything no matter the order it is in, fits with the story. Many mysteries have been left such as what is inside of the briefcase and why Marcellus Wallace has a band-aid on the back of his neck, which may be connected. The movie redefined the action genre and reinvigorated the careers of both John Travolta and Bruce Willis. This movie is required viewing for any fan of film.
10  I know everyone has different view ans idea about this movie But 'personally' and simply I loved it. I'm crazy about most Dracula/vampire movies. I found that a lot of them were either romance or some horrific movie or hunting (whether its Dracula with human or Dracula with hunters) which was interesting but rather easy to guess what's going to happen. Storyline and its ending was totally different from those I've watched and made it more interesting. I love whole setting with some historical background added in movie. I was also pleased with the fact that this wasn't very horrific even during certain events in movie. There was quite number of kids in theater watching it with their parents so I found it rather neat. I waited for few months for this movie since I saw the trailer. It was worth waiting for me and I was happy that it was what I expected from trailer (I've saw movie that storyline was totally different from what seemed to happen on trailer and was disappointed once). I'm definitely buying DVD when it comes out!
10  In all fairness, this Belorussian-made World War II picture detailing Nazi atrocities, holds a special distinction in world cinema: it is by far the most brutal and emotionally draining of all - in fact, a viewer whose senses have not been properly trained would most likely find it unwatchable. Those brave souls willing to be put through an ordeal of almost 2 1/2 hours will find themselves deeply immersed in an absolutely horrifying experience that will not easily subside whether they want it to or not.The title, "Come and See", taken from the frequently repeating lines of the book of Revelation, clearly dares the audience to assume the role of St. John, witnessing the Apocalypse, or rather one of the darkest periods in the history of humankind. What we are assaulted with, plays somewhat like a demented version of "Modern Times" transpiring across the panel of Brueghel's "Trimuph of Death", if such a combination is possible. The camera is consistently filtered through a murky, slightly unfocused gaze, and the sound is often heard through shellshocked ears. This tends to eirly distance the events, yet make them even more frightening and unsettling. Much of the dialogue lacks specific meaning or even concrete sentences - it is replaced by subhuman growling, wailing and other spine-chilling, gluttural sounds of the war. What the director prepares is something Spielberg would never even dream of - no sign of compromise with the audience. A crowd of civilian villagers locked up in a barn by Nazi soldiers is not spared at the last minute like "Schindler List's" Jews- they are burned alive, and we get to watch all of it.Unlike most of the films in this genre, "Come and see" relies mainly on images and sounds instead of a coherent plot, which is not necesserily a weakness, since the sheer terror distorts time and space into a kind of hallucinatory blur, clearly intentional and understandable. But this incredible level of bleak intensity in the long run, has a negative effect on the film: the viewers have to desensitize themselves just so they can keep watching, so the most harrowing scenes are sat through in numbness.Another questionable move on the director's part is his occasional use of surrealism. While some visuals are painfully believable, while others are simply baffling: crazed villages consructing an effigy of Hitler, a pensive German commander with a pet slender loris (a rare African primate) on his shoulder, a female Nazi eating raw red lobster, not even mentioning a bizzare final montage wich is both inexplicable and obvious, ending with a real-life photograph that is perhaps the most terrifying of all in its implications. Yes, at times the movie overachieves its goals and seems almost like the footage in "The Clockwork Orange" that they made Alex watch to cure him of "ultraviolent" behaviour; yet other times it delivers the kind of jolts those accustomed to mainstream cinema could only wish they had. The face of a youth who had lost all sanity and aged many decades over several days, will be etched for an indefinite amount of time into the memory of anyone who has seen this film.
10  All my family waiting this movie all the year since we see the teaser and blow up...and more because was a Pixar movie and they all make right all the movies they make (at least the 80%).And Jesus we all not disappointed at all...The music,the animation,the characters,the colors,the family...everything was just perfect.Now being a Mexican born a was worried that Pixar takes so many liberties of the Mexican culture,people,music and more...But that didn't happen they took all the things i mention before and converted in one of the best animated pictures i ever see and make me even more proud to born Mexican.I know you all the see the trailers and teasers and know how the movie it is but NO...the movie have a great twist and surprises that gonna make you love the movie even more...Like i say before everything in the movie is just perfect and one i have to say is that PIXAR portrait The day of the Death (dia de los muertos) very accurate and with a lot of respect.Just see it...you gonna love it Pixar make another classic movie to they collection and Mexican people of all the world...You be pride to be what you are!
10  This show made my teenage years a little less stressful. It was the first show on Disney Channel I enjoyed watching since The Suite Life on Deck, and I stopped enjoying watching that in February or March of 2010. Until about eight months ago, Jessie has never been my #1 show, though I didn't hate it like I did most other Disney shows back in the year it aired (with the only exception being Austin & Ally). Even though I'm a boy, since Emma and I are in the same grade, I can understand the problems she goes through in life. The acting from the kids is really good, and I like that they have Debby Ryan as practically a mentor for this show. I'm 17 now and the show recently started its last season, so thank you Jessie for helping me through my teenage years!
10  Gripping, tense, heartfelt, powerful, painful, and stirring, Asghar Farhadi's A SEPARATION is an intense drama that captivates like a thriller by boasting astounding performances and a truly compelling narrative arc. It is an Iranian film that centers on intimate domestic issues in the midst of extremely difficult circumstances - a purely humanistic narrative that gets better and better as it progresses, building upon layer after layer after layer of dense situations in which these poor characters are helplessly engulfed within. In creating a plethora of deep emotions that are carried out honestly and never over-the-top by the ensemble's pitch-perfect performances, Farhadi manages to weave together multiple angles that are both morally complex and excruciatingly truthful into each and every one of his primary characters (all of whom exist in the middle-to-lower class) . The plot is patiently set up with its pieces slowly establishing in place in the first few scenes before snaring the audience into a wonderfully played 123-minute thrill ride that places viewers right beside its characters - a feat that is executed through its seemingly naturally-crafted hand- held cinematography in conjunction with genuine acting that rarely calls attention to itself. The film never resorts to flashy and glitzy elements to further its story - it absolutely has no need to - and proves that sincerity in all its forms whether it be in writing, acting, or directing, no matter the budget nor technical limitations, can result in work of the highest quality. To put it simply, A SEPARATION is (personally) not only the best film of 2011, but arguably one of the most impressive lower-budgeted dramas (under 1 million dollars) in the past decade.
10  I cannot believe some people out there didn't like this film, yet claim to have enjoyed Episode One. No comparison whatsoever. "The Empire Strike Back" is George Lucas' best contribution to human history, and it will be remembered long after most other science fiction films have gone the way of the Do-Do Bird. The optical effects still stand the test of time, and the acting is superb. Harrison Ford, Mark Hamil and Carrie Fisher are all better than they we in the original Star Wars, having fully developed and grown into their characters, and the story just keeps going and going, from asteroid fields to swamp planets to cities in the sky, everything in this film works. So ignore anyone who claims to dislike it, and see it for yourself if you haven't already done so. 20 out of 10!!Oh, and Han Solo shot first! =)
10  Man, what a film. As a fan of 70's martial arts movies, it was great to see all of the references. I also thought the use of B&W throughout was extremely effective. The cartoon sequences seemed a bit much, but did fit in with the overall feel of the film. I have seen many people posting about the sheer amount of blood and guts, but you have to remember this was Tarantino's homage to Bruce Lee-era action pictures. In those movies, the stories were very similar epics of revenge, and they never had much of a budget for good "gore" effects. It was more or less "throw some fake blood on the guy who just got killed" type of effects, which were duplicated accurately by some of the deaths in this movie. The plot also followed closely the plot of most 70's Kung Fu movies; something despicable happens to the weak hero (whole village razed, family slaughtered, etc..) and the hero goes away for years to learn the secrets of a particular style of Kung Fu. All of these movies contained the "secret move" which the master normally does not teach, except of course, in this rare instance. That move, as depicted in Kill Bill Vol. 2, is always used on the evil leader of the clan whom had brought death and chaos to the hero.Kill Bill was a terrific modern take on those movies which were always set in ancient China. I was very impressed with Uma Thurman's swordplay, at no point did I feel that it looked scripted or fake. Even when fighting against more than 50 Crazy 8's, it replicated admirably the incredibly one-sided fights from some of the best martial arts movies made 30 years ago.All in all, a great and original film! R.
10  At the time, no one had done this: tell a story in the manner that Woody Allen did. Even though many films up until then were talky, with minimal action, with the exception of CITIZEN KANE, nothing of the sort prepared the audience at the time for what they were witnessing: scenes that introduced dialog between two actors much before they actually showed on screen. Scenes in which actors interacted with the past as if it were the present. Scenes in which actors who aren't in the same frame even when they are on screen talk to each other. Scenes in which what the characters are saying does not match their thought bubbles and we are privy to their thoughts. The discussion of an intellectual's work which suddenly produces the said individual, among many more.ANNIE HALL is a unique film that still looks fresh, even when the style in itself is very 70s. This is a story of a breakup told in a non-linear pattern, showing how these two disparate yet similar people -- Alvy Singer and Annie Hall -- came together, shared their neuroses, went through hilarious times and then went into the slow plateau that became their eventual separation. This is not the kind of story that Hollywood likes to tell and it's quite admirable that Allen was able to not only get away with it but to walk away with the major awards (as well as give then girlfriend Diane Keaton her own Best Actress award) because this being such an intellectual film and not one where the actors all look glamorous, it broke new grounds for a novel way of presenting a film.Groundbreaking is the definite term here. Had there been no ANNIE HALL, there would have never been ALLY MACBEAL or SEX AND THE CITY, two successful sitcoms that features inner dialog, people talking directly to the camera (and therefore winking at the audience), fantasy sequences, and modern views of how people react to each other. Balancing slapstick with drama, it is also one of the saddest comedies to ever been made and anyone who has seen the final sequence -- which plays out what the film has mentioned all along, that this is their breakup -- knows the heartbreak that unfolds over Diane Keaton's haunting vocals. One of the ten most influential movies of all time.
10  I seriously don't get the horrible reviews on this movie! People are constantly hating on Amy and sometimes I feel like they have nothing better to do. I really enjoyed this movie! I thought it had such a good story line and it really spoke to me. I, as with many women, struggle with self esteem and this movie couldn't have shown a better representation of what it's like being on the average or less then average spectrum. It truly was an empowering movie for women and I respect Amy for playing this role. There wasn't a single quiet moment in the theatre tonight. Everyone was laughing!
10  I bought this film on DVD on the strength of two things - one, de Niro's excellent track record, and two, the very high rating on IMDB (in the Top 50). Having watched it, I have to ask what all the fuss is about? This is a very ordinary film which explores at extreme length the intimate details of the lives of the most childish individuals ever committed to celluloid. Whether or not people like these really exist, I found it completely uninteresting. I have no idea why so many people are fascinated by the mafia - maybe it's envy of the power - but they should not hold a fascination for civilised human beings. People who deal out death as a punishment for the slightest reverse in their lives deserve to be ignored or reprimanded, not lauded and celebrated as in this film. For every Henry Hill, there are a thousand or more kept in poverty because of the crime which supports his odious lifestyle. It would be nice to think there was some kind of a moral ending, but even then, we see Henry selling out his colleagues just to keep himself somewhere nearer the feeding trough.How anyone can rate this film so highly is beyond me; how so many of you IMDB browsers can and do, just beggars belief!
10  I don't know what it is with this movie but I watch it every years and it just feels good! I think the movie magic happens with the incredible casting. You see and feel the emotions of every character. It's an ordinary story that is believable and that is the reflection of an era.
10  This movie really makes you think about life, and how things can go from good to bad really quick. TP Henson is a wonderful actress, she played her role. This movie will probably suck for those of you with no real life experience. It was unfortunate they she gave so much of herself away, to someone that didn't love himself or her. The movie is a must see.
10  True, my tastes are eclectic. This movie is so incredibly clever and thought provoking that it's not surprising that it raised so many hackles. Plus, it's as fast paced and funny as a Marx Brothers movie without the musical breaks. You can watch it 20 times and you'll still sing at the end. Undoubtedly one of the top 10!!
10  I would say that the movie is really a gem of an art piece. The use of excellent imagery coupled with pretty out-of-the-place background score tells us about the uniqueness of this movie. Stanley Kubrick has really applied a lot of thought into this.The director wants the audience to feel something as bad not because he is showing it as bad but because it really is bad. The background music accompanying the ultra violent scenes is comical, and not dramatic or anything else that is commonly associated with such scenes. This gives the viewer an opportunity to feel the bitterness not because the music hints so but because he himself feels so. Viewer's emotions should arise irrespective of what the director is trying to show, and this is one of the greatest successes of the movie.Another glorifying feature is the central idea of the movie. If a human is striped of the choice to choose from good and evil, he no longer remains a human, he becomes a clockwork. When Alex is brain-washed and "programmed" to choose only good, he wasn't accepted by the society and this shows the irony in the objectives of the British Government. The word Orange from the title presumably comes from the word "Ourange" that loosely means man. And hence the title is so appropriate to the movie.The artificiality in dialogues and sets give the movie a unique feature and enhance the grip on it. This also means that the viewer has to get more involved. This is definitely one of the best technically shot movies, another masterpiece of Kubrick like the Space Oddessey.For the uninitiated, set in near future Britain, the movie shows Malcom MacDowell as the head of a group of youngsters involved in sexual violence. Turn of the events leave the protagonist in the hands of the police. Worried by the growing number of prisoners the British Government devises a method of "programming" them so that they always choose the good. Alex is chosen as one of those on which the new system is to be tested. The rest unfolds as a saga of the very human characteristic.Lastly, I would like to say that you may be compelled to leave the movie in between, but if you are watching it for art and cinematic experience, I recommend you to sit through.
10  I remember watching this movie when they would air it once a year on CBS a few years back. Now it is shown on a couple of different networks quite frequently. This is a wonderful film for the whole family. Who wouldn't want to take a journey to the magical land of Oz?I think that it is terrific how well this movie has held up over the years. It's going on sixty-two years since it was first released and yet, it is timeless. It is great to look back on a film that was made in the thirties, and compare it to the movies made in this day and age. This is a film that will just be something that stays around forever. The Wizard of Oz is enjoyable for people of all ages. Everything about it brings a smile to my face. Wouldn't it be wonderful to just magically be transported to a land of talking trees and little munchkins? Of course it would be. The flying monkeys, a talking lion, the astounding ruby slippers, and everything else adds a special kind of magic to the screen.The atmosphere and setting is magnificent. This is one of the things that makes the film so stunning. Anyway, the forest, the witch's castle, and even the farm is really well laid out.I don't think that the casting could have been done any better. Judy Garland shines as the innocent Kansas girl. Her dancing and singing just brightens the whole story up. The lion, tin man, and scarecrow perform amazingly also. Everyone involved down to the littlest munchkin acts so well.Even though this is a movie for everyone, it is categorized as a children's flick. The writing is good with very simple lines and problems, but slightly complex so we're not falling asleep of boredom. What's left to say? Other things like the wardrobe, special effects, musical talents, and even the famous yellow brick road, are so well put together. Oz gives us an idea of what an almost perfect world would be like. No matter how old this movie becomes and we still look back on it, we'll still be able to enjoy at least one thoughtful movie. Classics never die. (Hence the name.)
10  Gerry Conlon is a small time Belfast thief who gets excluded from Northern Ireland by the IRA for anti-social behaviour and goes to live in England with his old school friend Paul Hill. They are in London when the mainland bombing campaign becomes more intense and they are both picked up for the bombing despite their claims of innocence. After more than week of beatings, abuse and threats, the two men break and sign confessions, longing for the beatings to stop and hoping the courts would see through the lies. However they are found guilty and, along with other relatives, sentenced to time ranging from 14 years to life. As time goes on Gerry and his father campaign for their case to be reopened until, eventually, the lawyer Gareth Pierce takes up the case.I came to this film having not seen it since its release in the early 90's, at which time I was still living in Northern Ireland in a mostly Protestant area. Given the subject matter the film was well received in this area. I decided to rewatch the film last night so that I could review it for this site and, since first seeing it, I have actually more of an insight on the subject matter since I had been held without charge under the same legislation that held the Guildford Four and had been taken to court twice before the charges were entirely dropped. I say this not as some claim to having a more valid opinion than anyone else but simply as a counter to those who will accuse me of being biased on the basis of being a Protestant.While I can see myself that the majority of reviews here for this film are slanted and full of political bias I will attempt to keep my review as free of this as I can (either one way or another).Despite the fact that the film leaves out glaring facts, none of these facts actually affect the film's main thrust  that these men were (for this crime) unjustly accused, tried and convicted. The facts that are ignored are those which would have made the film a bit more complex (eg Hill's membership of the IRA) and I can understand why the makers decided to just make the subject as clean cut as they could and not present the audience with anything that may cause them to be in any doubt about what they are meant to be feeling. I can understand why they did it  but that does not make it right and I would have welcomed a more complex film because those of us from Northern Ireland know that nothing is ever as simply as right/wrong, black/white  but Hollywood is not there to inform but to entertain and hence the facts get lost on the road to a good film. And it is a good film.It is frustrating that people take what it tells them as fact but this doesn't take away from the fact that this is a well made, engaging and quite moving film. Regardless of political beliefs, the idea of a justice system that would do this is interesting and worrying to me, and the film does a good job (albeit it overegged) of letting us see the extent that the police went to to get, if not 'their man', then at least 'a man'. The film does well to deliver characters (although simplified) that are easy to get behind and they helped me get involved in a story that was already pretty involving in its own right. The direction feels professional and injects enough emotion and sense of anger into the film to give it a solid sense of pace without it ever really tipping over into sentimentality or out and out preaching/ranting. Of course the material also helps from a great cast that deliver well and do their bit to keep it edgy and not sentimental.Day-Lewis is a very good actor and he does well here making his Gerry go through the stages of being a cheeky young man, frightened, shell-shocked, defeated, angry and then driven without us ever thinking he is a different character. If anything it is a shame that the film did paint his character so clean because I think Day-Lewis could have easily handled the moral complexities that would have come with that territory. Postlewaite is the real emotional heart of the film in many ways and he does very well with a role that could easily have been cloying and sentimental  but Postlewaite plays it straight till the end. Thompson is all too simple and upright and her performance is little more than a cameo; this is made worse by the fact that the vast majority of English people are biased and corrupt according to the film  again, like leaving facts out, just an attempt by the film to simplify things to make the audiences' emotions clearer and stronger.Overall I like this film but it is not a perfect piece of cinema nor should it be taken as the whole story. The film has dropped facts and directed its presentation to ensure that we, the audience, are in no doubt over what we should be feeling and thinking throughout. This does not change the message of the film or the injustice of the things that happened but it doesn't do justice to the always-complicated situation that is my country. The film as a film is very good  well acted, well paced, well directed and engaging from the early realistic shots of Belfast in the 1970's through to the 'I'm going out the front door' finale that is no less impacting for us knowing it is coming.
10  As with every great work, the film has its own unique perfection in style, rhythm, details, and artist's vision - but Tokyo Story is very universal in its appeal - it is for every parent, every son or daughter - for everyone. It was made 50 years ago in Japan, about people who lived far away, but it is also about all of us, our families, our problems, our guilt and our search for love and meaning.Ozu's film does not require one to be a movie buff or to try to solve complex symbolism to appreciate and love it. It brings smiles because it is a comedy (for at least the first 2/3) and sadness with a high drama of the last 1/3 of the film.Yasujiro Ozu's quiet and deceptively simple film tells a story of an elderly couple who travel to Tokyo to see their grown up children and their families - son, daughter and daughter-in-law who is a widow of their middle son that was killed during the World War II. Their children love them, of course but they are too busy with their own lives and jobs to spend much time with them. Their young grandchildren don't know them and not too eager to try to know their grandparents better. Only the widowed daughter-in-law is the one who is really happy with their arrival and tries to make their visit pleasurable. After parents return home, children receive a telegram with the sad news that the mother became critically ill. Now it is their turn to make a journey.Ozu does not judge anybody, but beneath the quiet politeness, smiles, and soft voices there is a sad, inevitable, and powerful alienation of generations in the modern world of big cities. The simple family melodrama has been told with intensity, humanity, and honesty of character.P.S. The first thing I wanted to do after I finished watching this film was to pick up the phone and call my mom. Just to hear her voice.
10  This movie made me really, really angry. Not because it's almost unbearably boring and overrated to a ridiculous extend. No, Mostly I hated it because i just finished reading the book it's based on, "Roadside Picknick". I love this Book, because you rarely come across a more chilling or atmospheric story about an alien culture meeting ours. I thought, a movie made from this book must be great, because you could do something outstanding even on a low budget. So I really looked forward to watch this one. What did I get? 3 Guys talking endlessly. It felt like being back to school and forced to watch a philosophical stage play of three hours length. The worst thing is that the strugatzki-brothers themselves screwed this up. It almost seems as if they wrote the screenplay with the intention to eliminate everything which was great about their own novel. I keep it short and give you a list of the outrageous decisions they made:IN THE BOOK the main guy, Roderic, is a hard-arsed scavenger who is sort of addicted to the bizarre Nature of "the Zone". IN THE MOVIE, he is a whimsical, bible-quoting coward in search of some sort of divine illumination. IN THE BOOK, you experience the deadly traps and anomalies of space and time the "Zone" is contaminated with. IN THE MOVIE, you don't see SH*T and nobody even hurts his ankle -- despite HOURS of dialogs emphasizing how dangerous the slightest movement can be. IN THE BOOK, the Zone is a lifeless industrial wasteland where not even birds are to be seen. IN THE MOVIE you have the impression of a nice stroll through a green landscape with some bunker ruins in it. IN THE BOOK, there are lots of alien artifacts that most effectively create an impression of their culture and technology. IN THE MOVIE, you get some strange sounds, also the aliens are completely reduced to a humble meteorite. IN THE BOOK, Roderics Daughter is disfigured by the strange effects of the "Zone" on human beings. IN THE MOVIE she's mentioned to be mutated, too, but looks perfectly normal. IN THE BOOK, you have really creepy stuff like "the meat-mincer" or the walking Dead - IN THE MOVIE you don't.I could go on like this for hours. Let me just put it like this: If they just had made a lousy B-movie I would be perfectly OK. I don't blame anyone for screwing up, it doesn't suit me. But this Disgrace of a movie was done this way ON PURPOSE! It is simply a violation of a great Science-Fiction-Novel and can only be enjoyed by Philosophy-students who mistake everything for high art as long as it's boring enough.
10  The Prestige. I am impressed. I am a HUGE fan of Hugh Jackman and bought the book as soon as I heard he would be in this movie. I read it and enjoyed it, but wasn't especially fond of it. But I still had been really looking forward to this movie.I went to the first showing opening day (Friday, Oct. 20th) with 2 friends and sat a row behind them, alone, to enjoy it peacefully. I loved it all.Christopher Nolan really has a gift at directing. The way the movie cuts back and forth between different places and times is clever. Although some might be confused or left stupefied, others will be happy and glorified. The movie will keep you guessing the whole time until the very end. The script, acting, settings, props, everything was so well-done.Hugh Jackman was excellent as the angry, obsessive magician trying to gain back his life by revenge. Christian Bale was equally impressive as the mystifying, secretive showman, never letting out his secrets until necessary. Michael Caine rocked in supporting everyone else's parts with his curiosity. The rest of the cast rounded out nicely and helped out where need be. I really recommend this movie to a sophisticated audience who doesn't mind a long, mysterious movie.And man, what an ending.
10  This is one of the greatest action movies of 1991.  first, we have the boz doing a great job acting.  Before this movie i believe he had only done commercials.  then we have lance henriksen playing the evil boss, chains. Lance Henriksen is a tour de force when playing a baddy.  Lots of guns, explosions, naked girls, and motorcycles, make this a molotov cocktail of adventure and action.  Boz if you ever read this review, i cant wait to see you do more action movies.  you are the man.  You are the original stone cold.  Go out and rent or buy this movie because the boz never lets you down. This is one of the best crime movies of all time, but you have that fast paced slam bang action in there which makes this movie one of the best.
10  What can I say, except that this film really knocked me on my keaster.  I went in to the theater not knowing what to expect, but was pretty sure it would be worth the ticket price.  Boy was I happy when I left.  Not only was it worth the ticket, I paid to see this film two more times.  This film is virtually perfect.  The acting is superb, the story is magnificent, the narrative is brilliant, and the structure of the film is truly groundbreaking (absolutely loved the last 20 minutes).  What really surprised me about this film was how well the cinematography was done.  In a small, character driven film such as this, it is very unusual to have such great cinematography.  With this film, there is something interesting going on in every scene, not many films you can say that about.  In a year where first time directors have made some of the best films, Three Kings, Being John Malkovich, etc...  Sam Mendes seems to have out-done them all.  Though I have yet to see The Green Mile or Magnolia, I find it hard to believe that either film will out-shine American Beauty.  This film should easily win a substantial amount of the Oscars this year.  What's up with all the cirtics awards snubbing it so far?
10  I am a film lover from 'way back, having even served a stint as a newspaper movie critic. Entries in my personal list of Greatest Films of All Time include "Fantasia," "To Kill A Mockingbird," "Casablanca," "Singin' in the Rain," "North by Northwest," and "The Sound of Music. But sitting atop all of them, as undisputed champ, is "It's a Wonderful Life."I have seen it hundreds of times (dating back to, oh, when I was a teenager I suppose, and our local PBS station ran it as part of a pledge drive). I drive my wife and family to distraction when we watch it together because I quote all the dialogue along with the actors.I cry every time--and this is after viewing upon viewing--when Harry Bailey toasts his big brother George as "...the richest man in town." The emotions in that scene are so true and pure that I can't help but be affected by them.The performances are unparalleled. Stewart is brilliant as a small-town dreamer who loses and finds his way. His superlative acting abilities cause us to identify strongly with him (how many of us have lamented--even to ourselves--that no one seems to notice the sacrifices we've made?), which is, I think, why the movie bears up under so many repeat viewings. Reed is just lovely here, the epitome of sunny girlfriend, caring lover, devoted wife, dedicated mother.Capra's talent as a screenwriter are all over this script. He knows just how hard to tug the heartstrings without becoming overblown or phony. And his technical wizardry is evident too. I've never seen--before or since--more natural-looking onscreen snow.Watching IAWL has become a tonic, a pick-me-up when I really need one--whether it's the Christmas season or not. Its message--that each one of us is important and has *something* to contribute to the greater good--is one about which the world could use some reminding from time to time.
10  The only reason I see this film is Bella Thorne. She has been acting as fun teen or lost teen, and now drama. What? Drama? As a sick girl? Really? No kidding? Perhaps I know less about her but her beauty, well my bad, my bad. So after, I say, I really love her. She is so good. Easily blend to her role. Director would order her to cry anytime, and she does it very well. No problem at all.Now how about Patrick Schwarzenegger? I see his senior all of the film. Daddy is very strong making his copy. Too bad, Patrick doesn't balance Bella well. Patrick has the good looking of his dad, which didn't go through drama well. Patrick should go to acting school as soon as possible. Looking like his dad is both a bless and a curse.My notes are: 1. Many goofs are clearly seen, like first kiss on the yacht, close up scene Charlie's left hand touches Katie's cheek, then zooming out and both Charlie"s hands are holding rope. 2. Rob Riggle fails as Jack - Katie's father. Man, it is tough to show years of sadness and toughness raising Katie by those eyebrows.And this film, I hope, could make my mother sits back in tears. Not that much.
10  This is Scary Movie. Like, THE Scary Movie. The movie that made fun of horror movies, aptly and plainly named "Scary Movie". The film that's had an entire generation crack up and still, today, reference its many hilarious moments as modern day lore. The time is 2000. The crack of the new millennium and an entire people fed up with the blatancy of contemporary horror, with all its predictability and sameness, what with the countless modern slashers coming out at the time and what not. Along comes this film, a Wayans brothers' production, with a style of humor that is so comically exaggerated and contagious lots of scenes remain references today. I really can't think of another explanation that the people putting this down are just prudes who can't take a fun ride every once in a while and just are incapable of seeing this for what it is, because it most certainly works fantastically at what it does.
10  It's been a while since I wrote a comment for a movie. I rarely find the luxury of time praising a well crafted movie that doesn't give a damn of any social issues. And it's totally rare for me to have the lucky chance finding a foreign movie that doesn't need to tell its masterpiece beauty. First of all, all the time I was watching the movie I thought I was staring at Dustin Hoffman playing well a disabled nobleman being taken care of by a straight-thinking commoner. I know the overreacted dire issues this movie is being pestered, but I don't really care what other people say how the movie should have been. It's an obvious sign already that this movie topped 111 (and may still elevate) in IMDb top 250 movies that a lot of sensible reviewers appreciated its simplicity. The reason indeed probably why the crew casted a black man instead of Arabian to portray the character because maybe simply Omar Sy just had the skill to fit in to the character's delicate vessel. Why so locked with the racism issue? Other may had been suggestive but it's not an extreme case to horribly condemn the movie of its simple choice. I just don't understand people who can't keep their bloody mind open. Well either way the movie had its story straightforwardly rendered and its worth approving rather than condemning. I even laughed so hard when Driss (Omar) just naturally cackled all over the man dressed like a tree singing at the top of his voice, man that was really a humorous punch. The drama Well done.Ten stars would be more than it deserved.
10  After "Star Wars: A New Hope" redefined science fiction, and "The Empire Strikes Back" redefined "Star Wars", it's hard to believe that the third and final film of this trilogy can manage to be as good as the other two, but this one really does a nice job.  The first part of the film resolves the cliffhanger left by the previous one, with an elaborate escape plan that is in keeping with the incredible suspense and action of the first two films. Then the film moves back to the rebel alliance and what's going on in the war.  There is a lot of action in the scenes building up to the rebellion's final confrontation with the Emperor.  When the battle begins, the audience is already on the edge of their seats from everything leading up to it, and this final battle is even more intense than those from the other films. This climax is definitely more dense with action than any other part of the trilogy, with the most at stake for the rebellion.  This is continually changing between a ground battle between the rebel strike crew on land (including Han Solo, Chewbacca, and Leia), the battle raging on in space (including Lando), and a confrontation between Luke and the Emperor on the new Death Star, which leads up to another duel with Darth Vader.  It is really intense since the rebels constantly seem to be losing the battle that will determine the outcome of the war, and there seems to be no escape. Although I think the idea of Ewoks overpowering stormtroopers is a bit far-fetched, it didn't seem very unrealistic since they were more of a distraction that the rebels could use, rather than an actual threat to the stormtroopers, although they did have some luck fighting them.  There is also a twist or two at the end that nobody saw coming, which may not be quite as stunning as that of "The Empire Strikes Back", but still complete a very spectacular trilogy very well.  With the light tone of "A New Hope" and the more sinnister tone of "The Empire Strikes Back", this film really completes them by combining the two in this grand finale.  The Special Edition for "Return of the Jedi" concentrated on what would have been nice to change, since not much of the original really needed it.  Fifteen years of technology advancements didn't seem to make up for fifteen years of deterioration as far as the rancor scene is concerned, and there still is the occasional disappearing TIE fighter, but other than that it was good. The gaping non-threatening Sarlaac's mouth was given moving tentacles and a huge fly-trap looking head that emerged, which definitely added to the suspense.  Also, the disco was taken out of Jabba's palace, and the lame ending of the original was replaced by a huge victory celebration spanning the entire galaxy, instead of just a small Ewok village, which was the case of the original and that didn't really end a story this big the way it deserved.  It's hard to say which of the three films was the best, but since it's all part of the same story, the over-all trilogy is like one big, outstanding film.  A THIRD must-see for film fans.
10  I watched this movie and decided that other reviewers were perhaps being a bit too hard on this movie. This movie may not be cerebral, however it is most certainly interesting and had a lot of visual stimulation. I recommend this movie to any of you that liked Independence Day or Day After Tomorrow as it is of a similar plot. This is a very visually stimulating movie with a feel good plot. I especially liked the love story angle. This movie may not have been like Mary Poppins "Practically perfect in every way", however it fits into a category that is most certainly enjoyable. Without a doubt a good movie to take with you RVing for when it's raining. Also a good movie to put on in the back of the vehicle for the kids on long journey's. The movie is a very long one too and on a big screen it can be a huge adrenaline rush just to watch it. If you're looking for some simple fun with tons of action this is the movie to watch. I really enjoyed it.
10  Inception is truly one of a kind. A concept which has long gestated in Christopher Nolan's mind, his eye for drama mixed with his large scale sensibilities ring true in Blockbuster season making Inception a true original in the sea of reboots, remakes and sequels.To try and explain Inceptions many plot twists and incredibly intelligent arcs, would be a foolish task. As Nolan himself has been reluctant to. The best way to approach the film would be with an open mind, if you are prepared to be taken on a ride of a lifetime, then trust that you 100% will. If Avatar was a seminal film in technology (although coming out as a rather poor film, in my opinion), then Inception is seminal in it's storytelling. With a 148 minute running time, you would expect a lot to take place, but what you wouldn't expect is the pace of it all. I did not think at one time in the film about how long was left. I was simply blown away by the depth in every single part of the film. If my enthusiasm for the storytelling aspect of the film has left you worried about the spectacle, then don't worry. They are, as hinted in the trailer, incredible, looking real and unbelievable simultaneously. The most pleasing thing about the action set pieces, is that they are genuinely used to illustrate the story, rather than to blow stuff up a la Michael Bay.With this complex movie in it's high concept, a stellar cast is needed. And Nolan as always, delivers with just that. This is vintage DiCaprio, perhaps only equalled in The Aviator, which is even more impressive as his role as Cobb in Inception is not a showy one, needing DiCaprio to be the constant at the centre of the film. And he pulls off Cobb's emotional contradictions sublimely. The rest of the cast members all shine in parts of the films, Cillian Murphy shows off his usually non-existent tender side, Gordon-Levitt bottles his usual charm for his confidently reserved turn as the reliable Arthur, Watanabe is devilish as the seemingly ambiguous Saito, Page shows why she's the next big female star and Tom Hardy revels in being the comic relief of the film compared to his recent turns as decidedly psychopathic characters.Overall, Nolan has indeed surpassed himself. He has created a world as expansive as his Gotham, a plot dwarfing the intricacies of Memento and one which blows The Prestige's cinematic reveal out of the water. This is truly unmissable cinema. Revel in it, we've still got to wait a whole two years before Batman 3.
10  Prisoners movie reviewPrisoners is a Mystery/Thriller film starring Hugh Jackman, Jake Gyllenhaal, Terrence Howard, and Paul Dano. Prisoners is a film about two families who both of their daughters get kidnapped and both of the families with the help of the police, investigate and look for their daughters. This is a very dark, grim, and at times is a hard film to sit through. That being said, I have created a PainOmeter scale out of five (five being the worst) to inform you guys if you simply cannot take very violent and painful scenes. This will be addressed along will the film's final score. I loved this film! Hugh Jackman plays Anna's father and is the protagonist of the film. You can see how Jackman really loses his rag and does a great job as Keller Dover. There is one scene that involves Jackman doing something that I won't spoil but you will notice it and go WOW! The story is also very thought provoking and will keep you on the edge of your seat because of the direction and character building involved with this movie. Also Paul Dano who plays Alex Jones, is this weird adult with the IQ of a ten year old and is the main suspect of the investigation. I thought he nailed just the right tone of the character and was hard to "look at" at times. My favorite part of the film was surprisingly Jake Gyllenhaal's performance as the detective looking for the missing girls. Gyllenhaal still plays the role of a cop very well after all of that training for End Of Watch. Another great part of the film is that it manages to never take a rest on character building and story development. I hate when films give you time to take a break then start all over again and this film really avoids that entirely. I really have no problems with the film except for the runtime. Even though this was a great movie I just couldn't go for a perfect grade of an A+. I will give Prisoners an A solid.
10  Winston Groom's Forrest Gump was a novel that was complicated, but (Oscar winning) director Robert Zemeckis brings events together with visual effects that boggle even George Lucas. And leading the film in this odyssey of American life is Tom Hanks playing Gump (he won his second Oscar for his portrayal) in a film that shows one man who goes through many events in history to find the one he loves.  Well done, well acted, and well directed to pythagorean procision. A++
10  Joel (Jim Carrey) is a rather milquetoast man who meets up with free spirit Clementine (Kate Winslet), and they become romantically involved. However, they endure a messy breakup and Clementine goes to a business called Lacuna, Inc., where she has all of her memories of Joel erased. Not wanting to be left out, Joel also goes to have his memory erased. However, soon after it begins, Joel realizes that he wants to keep the memory of Clementine, so he tries to reverse the process.Well, if you're familiar with Kaufman's work, then you know what your getting yourself into. This is just as weird if not weirder than his previous work, Being John Malkovich. I knew what I was getting myself into, but 90% of the movie I was saying to myself "What the hell is going on?", but in a good way. It opens with Joel calling in sick for work and going on a different train, heading for Montauk. He meets Clementine and they hit it off. Now this is about 15 minutes into the movie, then out of nowhere come the opening credit sequence. I will admit, I thought it would be different, but I'm glad that it is the way it is, the movie is 80% of the time in Joel's head.If you think you know Carrey, think again. This movie is his best performance, better than Majestic, Truman show and all of his comedic roles (which is what I love him for). Just looking at his face from the second we see him, we feel his pain, then like that, we feel his joy, embarrassment and hate. Just awesome acting on his part, and Winslet was great as the free spirit who never seems satisfied. The supporting cast all work well in their small, yet important roles. Oscar nominations for Winslet and (crosses fingers) Carrey.But if I were to bet any money on any Oscar nominations it would obviously be the writing, what a mess, but beautifully constructed. You think to yourself, is that scene really necessary? Then ten minutes later you think to yourself how brilliant it was, that's beautiful, crazy, give me whatever he's smoking kind of writing. Charlie Kaufman's writing is always clever, but this time he's one-upped himself by making something simultaneously bizarre and emotionally engaging. It seemed like his earlier movies were clever for the sake of cleverness, but 'Eternal Sunshine' manages to dazzle you with it's originality and it's poignancy. The fact that this movie was able to wrap such profound loss, emotional tenderness, and hope in such a self-consciously stylized package illustrates the incredible talent of the people behind it.Michel Gondry's use of vibrant coloring and quick camera movement give the film a very involving first hand feeling. The constant use of the handy cam is very all involving for the viewer, and I suppose that this is exactly what is needed in such a personal movie. His work on the dream sequences is incredible as well. He decides to use more practical effects than what we see today with computers. Eternal Sunshine is a tragic, yet beautiful film that sits at the top of my list of "Best of 2004".
10  (I notice that there are many spoilers here already,therefore I wont go much into the plot detail)There seems to be an implied understanding that Aamir Khan represents the last word on intellectual mainstream cinema.It was many years back when he decided to curtail the number of projects he takes up in an year which was considered suicidal then but now is the norm for most of the top stars.For last 14 years this man has pushed the envelope for mainstream by taking some unprecedented risks with young directors and pulling it off time and time again.For some of us who have followed his career choices,there was a feeling that he would make a great director.His choices of films are a testimony to his understanding of the medium and the audience within the mainstream perspective."Taare Zameen Par" is his first directorial venture,less by design and more by circumstances.Based on the brilliant script by Amol Gupte who is one of the innovative painters and theater personalities,the story dwells into the life of boy struggling to find himself in this ruthless world.Briefly,the boy "Ishan" who suffers from dyslexia comes from a middle class Indian family who is unable to read/learn or identify letters.Constantly bombarded with unrelenting taunts for his poor academics and being labeled as a "duffer",he is isolated into his world of colors which is the only place he can seek solace in.But Ishan reaches a new low when he is packed off to boarding school by his father.The hard regimen and discipline of the school frustrates the boy out of his wits and he is finding drastic ways to put an end to his misery.He no longer feels th need to communicate .Just when things seem irrevocable,comes the art teacher,Aamir Khan,who being a dyslexic himself and working with the "less privileged" children identifies Ishan's troubles and can read through his silence,is sanitized by the apathy towards him.Then starts the process of resurrecting the boy's dying self belief and charting out a way for him to read and learn.The boy starts to slowly but surely come out of his shell and become a "child" again.One of the many aspects of a perfect film is that nothing seems to stand out,every aspect whether it be the performances,the camera work,the sound mixing,the lighting,the editing etc everything seems in sync.Same can be said about this movie.But the thing that I found overwhelming as a viewer is the music by "Shankar"-Ehsaan-Loy" and the lyrics by "Prasoon Joshi".Watch out for "taare zameen par","Meri Maa",these will definitely break you down.The cinematography by Setu is flawless and Aamir does not fall into the trap of being slick or showing off in his debut effort.(Watch how the camera is usually at Ishan's height to show his perspective,watch how slowly the camera pans into Ishan's space and how still and focused it is on his face when he is about to bare his emotions) The performances are top draw.Darsheel who plays Ishan is the crux of the film.Being the main protagonist his performance was critical to the film.I dare say,we have found a new star.The boy is brilliant in his joy,in his enthusiasm,in his loneliness as he allows us to enter his world.I feel he represents children all over the world and more critically the "child" within all of us.Of the support cast Tisca Chopra and Aamir Khan are brilliant as his mother and teacher respectively.Because the movie revolves around a middle class family in suburban Mumbai,I guess these characters and their emotions are something I can relate to.Finally(on the movie),kudos to Amol Gupte and Aamir Khan.Let us not forget this was Amol's baby and he had worked with children and done research for 7 years.What he came with was a near perfect script and it is only fair that he was credited as a creative director.What can I say about Aamir Khan that hasn't been said before?I think with every movie he is setting new yardsticks for Indian cinema.His movies clearly have elaborated that our movies can have all the commercial trappings yet need not be "dumbed down".They can be as intellectually stimulating.All I can say is that it is privilege to be in an era where this champion actor is at the absolute peak of his powers.With this movie he goes into the elite list of actors who happen to be great story tellers.But is this movie about dyslexia?Is this movie about the failure of our education system in not nurturing the individual talent but creating assembly line products?Are we as a society so obsessed with the "idea" of security through academics that creativity is of no accord to us?Are we preparing our children for a rat race or we preparing them for life?Are parents right in imposing their ambitions on the life they bring to this earth ?Some question that I have asked of myself before and some that I ask now.I guess the main motive of the film is as the tag line says "every child is special" for the talent he has.Our job is to nurture it,not mold it.p.s. I have been a frequent movie goer for last 7-8 years.But haven't seen a response like I did for this one.Everyone in the theater was in tears and simultaneous applause and is not because it was a sad film but it was "overwhelming".I guess there some part of Ishan in all of our lives.The second aspect that I have never witnessed in theaters before was that nobody moved till the credits were over.There is documentary on children at the end(do not miss it for anything,it is as moving as the film).
10  Carol Reed's "The Third Man" strikes all the right cords, establishing  itself on so many different levels that it almost becomes untouchable.  It has an underlying tone of darkness that not only thrills but chills.  It grabs the viewer from the start and never lets go.  It opens with Anton Karas' startling zither music and quickly propels  the viewer into a world of evil and lies. The tale is familiar to any  film lovers: A pulp Western writer named Holly Martin (Joseph Cotten)  is invited to post-war Vienna by an old friend of his, Harry Lime  (Orson Welles). The city has been divided into American, British,  French and Russian zones. The city exists as a shattered remnant of the  past - haunting and horrifying, dark and mysterious.   Upon his arrival, Holly discovers to his horror that his old college  pal is dead - hit by a car in the middle of a street. But for Holly,  the circumstances don't add up - everyone involved in the accident was  related in some way or another to Harry. So Holly searches for clues,  much to the chagrin of the British officer Calloway (Trevor Howard),  whose name is misused as Callohan by Holly many times throughout the  film. ("It's 'Calloway,' Mr. Martin, I'm not Irish.")  Holly Martin does begin to stumble upon some vital clues as to the real  story behind Lime's death - and finds out more than he bargained for.  Lime's old girlfriend is a stage actress. ("Always comedy.") She  accompanies Holly throughout the film, and we expect an underlying  romance to blossom, but yet in the end it does not - one of the many  surprises of the film.  I suppose it would be a sin for me to give away how Harry Lime  reappears, or even give away the fact that he does, for that matter  (though by now I am sure you realize Orson Welles is in this movie and  therefore turns out to be alive). But for those who have seen the film,  we all remember that terrific scene where the cat meows, and suddenly  he appears, an evil smirk on his face like a child who has gotten away  with the cookie from the jar. And then the ferris wheel scene, and the  chase through the sewers that no doubt helped win the film an Oscar for  cinematography. These are all some of the most memorable of film  scenes.  The director of "The Third Man," Carol Reed, stumbled upon the film's  musician, Anton Karas, one night in a trashy bar in Vienna. It is no  wonder that out of all his candidates he chose Karas - the film's tune  is literally the most perfect example of matching harmony between a  film and its music I have ever seen (although "JAWS" is up there with  it). To go into the music is pointless - it must simply be heard in  synchronism with the film for you to understand where I am coming from.  When I think of film noir, "D.O.A." (1949) and "The Third Man" (1949)  are the first two films that come to mind. Both accomplish what they  set out to do, but "The Third Man" exceeds even farther than the former  - it is haunting and almost poetically vibrant in the way it displays  its story and the outcome of its characters. It is a film that will be  around for years and years. "Citizen Kane" is often thought of as the  greatest American motion picture of all time. But if I had to choose  between the two, I would most likely choose "The Third Man." It's just  my opinion, of course, and many may not agree, but as far as I see,  "The Third Man" beats "Citizen Kane" - for me - on more levels than  one.   Welles' "Citizen Kane" (1941) was an artistic film that rarely used  close-ups. It would almost stand back from the scenes and let the  viewer focus on what he or she wanted to focus on. "The Third Man" has  many close-ups. I do not take this as a director trying to give the  audience what he wants them to see, but rather a director in touch with  his feelings and ideas. Director Carol Reed knows just how to evoke  characters' feelings from scenes and close-up shots. The camera tilts  at awkward angles more often than not. The more and more paranoid and  afraid our hero becomes the more and more intense the close-ups and  angles. There is some haunting material in "The Third Man," some  material the most novice of filmgoers might not expect. And the music  and direction only makes it all the more terrifying and haunting. This  is a film that you must witness to believe.  5/5.
10  Imagine... You enjoy independent cinema... You are trying to rid of your ideleness, by seeing something fresh and exciting, yet it combines themes from other films involving organized crime. We all feel like outsiders at times. We all are just maybe looking for swim against the current, yet knowing when to flow with it - As Leto's character, Nick, in this film suggests to the very gorgeous Shioli Kutsuna. There won't be spoilers in this review, that last part I cited is found in the trailer.I have been debating tirelessly on Twitter against Asian critics of this film. They dismiss it, before it was released as, "Whitewashing;" "Offensive;" "Westernizing;" amongst many phrases that are slanderous. It is impossible to know the intent of Jared Leto, for taking the role and executive producing. It is not possible to understand the mindset of Martin Zandvliet (Director), or the screenplay writer Andrew Baldwin, behind making this film. Is this a perfect film? Or course not! It is not trying to be! Is there sexy style? Yes. Is there a cool plot? Definitely. Is it worth watching? Absolutely. I think this is one of the best 2018 has yet to offer and just like Leto's work in Blade Runner 2049, it'll forever be underappreciated. All thanks to the big baby critics (Not all Asian), but the others who before even witnessing this great film - wrote it off as something that it's not. If this film was making an attempt to have a hot shot Hollywood guy (Jared Leto is anything but, the guy is the lead singer of 30 Seconds to Mars and has proven to be a HARD worker as an actor) just be propped by Asian extras in a Japanese culture to make Asian culture more palatable, would the film be named, "The Outsider," or as they call him (You may remember from Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift - nobody accused this of white washing, hmm wonder why?) "Geijin," which is Japanese for, "Outsider." I am baffled by everyone's uproars to a perfectly harmless picture. Japan is behind China, but with South Korea shares the spotlight of having a top-ten rating in terms of revenue generated in cinema, where are the naysayers to be found in those films? But they go out of their way to bash this before it's even released! I find that to be more offensive than a guy who is white joining the Yakuza.This movie is wrongly being bashed for everything that has nothing to do with the movie. How I worded that may be confusing, but I mean every syllable - read it slowly. The soundtrack, cinematography, the ode to John Wick nature this film has makes films like, "The Last Samurai," look as cheap as the title suggests. This film was mishandled by its producers in my opinion and Leto could be one of them; however, how responsible they are for marketing is above my pay grade. I can tell you, if you see this movie for yourself - you should be thinking, "If a black or Mexican guy were to be cast instead of Leto, would we be having the same reviews shown to us?" I am in no way being dismissive of racial inequality, it is present and I admire any Asian critic who wishes to voice their opinion, but from my vantage point; I believe their using the wrong film to do so with. This story is probably unrealistic; however, there is something profound about it. There is true magnanimity in Leto's character. Assisting Japanese thugs to the point of him becoming trusted and loved. If ever in your dull and idle life finding yourself feeling like an outsider - this is your movie. I give it an A - because again, it is not perfect. The moments of violence seem all too convenient; however, this does take place after WWII. Enjoy it, believe me; I have seen awful movies - this is not one of them.
10  Judy Banjamin (Hawn) is a spoiled Jewish-American Princess whose honeymoon and life-plans-for-happily-ever-after are spoiled when her husband dies on her wedding night. You see, she never had an identity of her own -- nor had she ever had to understand what it means to work hard to make yourself a better person. The next 75 minutes has Eileen Brennan playing Segreant Carter to Benjamin's Gomer Pyle, but with Corporal Hal Williams along to add perspective, Hawn eventually earns some respect from outside and inside after giving us a few memorable zany gags and two or three pratfalls in the process. So far, so good. But somehow, some decision-makers in this film thought it was necessary for Judy to learn separately and show us separately that as a self-respecting woman, she now has what it takes to walk away from a demeaning and suffocating man, flatly and unconvincingly played by Armand Assante. That subplot makes the movie 20 minutes longer than it needs to be, and shifts the emphasis away from the film's best characters. Still OK, but half as good as it could have been.
10  Im just gonna start off by saying I LOVE this movie.Its one of my favorites of all time. I honestly cant think of too much wrong with this movie other than its a little long and Batmans by now infamous voice. But everything else is top notch. The acting,story,atmosphere,and actions scenes are all amazing. If you haven't seen this movie see it right now! I went into this not expecting to much but I came out blown away, I cant imagine any movie being much better. I'll just have to wait for The Dark Knight Rises to release to see if anything can be better. Until then, this stands as the best movie I've ever seen
10  I think I can watch this film a billion times and not get bored. Today I saw LOTR for the third time and I noticed a few details.When Frodo is stabbed with the blade from the dark rider and the hobbits and Aragorn are in the forrest u can see 3 huge stone trolls in the background. To understand who they are you have to read The hobbit. - When the fellowship is traveling over the mountains everyone is walking IN the snow, except for Legolas who is walking ON the snow. The is because Elves are so light.Well when I saw these details I realised that Peter Jackson was even a greater director then I thought. And for the people who think that there are too much 'ring-shots' (sounds like a word from a porn movie) in the movie: THE MOVIE IS CALLED THE LORD OF THE RINGS GODDAMMIT, THE RING IS THE MOST IMPORTANT THING IN THE ENTIRE MOVIE! Some say that the movie is too long. It may be long but I never ever get bored watching. This movie is just brilliant, mayB just as brilliant as the book.
10  What can be said about this epic that has not already been said? Peterson has created the grittiest, most realistic war drama ever. It knocks hollywood epics like Saving Private Ryan on their sorry overproduced, oversentimental behinds, it torpedoes other submarine films before they have a chance to shout "dive!, dive!, dive!".I first saw this in its original form as a miniseries with english subtitles, and if you can find this version then this should be your first port of call, although the Director's cut I now own is also top notch and doesn't miss much from the series.where to begin? The lurking claustrophobia, the dark humour, the gritty reality of the piece. The excellent acting, the perfect timing, the garotte of suspense tightened with every passing minute in much of the undersea scenes. The lack of any known "star" who you know will just save the day and live to tell the tale. The historical accuracy and attention to detail. The lack of a demonised "other" figure for the enemy. The lack of any kind of preachy message in the finale other than "War is Hell". It has everything you could ask of a TV series or film about the era. 10 out of 10.
10  My comments here are written in light of having watching the film for a second time. While I liked 'On the Waterfront' a lot the first time round, I appreciated it even more the second time. There are some slight negative points - the music is at times overbearing and the religious side it tries to bring forth does not quite work - but there is not anything significant that I would flaw the film on.The acting is definitely the film's strongest point. Marlon Brando gives and intense and realistic performance. It is not just because of the famous car scene, or the well-known scene in the bar with Saint, that makes his performance great. It is everything that he does throughout, in particular the facial expressions that he captures on his face. Towards the end there is a scene in which he stands alone and just stares at his fellow workers. His expression is unflinching without being unrealistic. Eva Marie Saint is quite good too, also giving off a performance in which her face is central. However, there is less to talk about with her than there is about the supporting actors.When I first viewed the film, it was Karl Malden's acting that stood out the most to me. His performance and character are powerful, however on a second viewing it seems a bit over-the-top, as does the whole religious side of the film in which he is involved. On the other hand, Lee J. Cobb is brilliant as Johnny Friendly, providing a fierce performance while not letting his character turn into a stereotype of evil. Then there is Rod Steiger, whose acting, after only one viewing of the film, I did not take much notice of. He is hardly there, and until the point when he instructed to talk with Brando, he does not have much to do. Indeed, Rod Steiger has very few good scenes in the film, however he is excellent in those scenes. It is incredibly realistic acting, the way he interacts with his brother, and the way he is torn between the mob and his family.The next thing to mention is that this film could never be as effective in colour. The bleakness of the black and white prints is used well by Kazan. There are many shots of the characters, which just show their heads against a white sky: a bleak white sky. We cannot even see if it is cloudy or sunny day. The sky is as plain and as barren as what the future holds for each of the characters. Leonard Bernstein's music deserves a mention too. It is an electrifying score and often fits the actions very well. It is at times a tad overbearing (note the scene where Brando goes to Saint's house) as it has a tendency to over-ride the dialogue and the action. However, this does not subtract much from the overall picture.The sound recording is very realistic. The dock noises can often be heard, which helps to set up the waterfront atmosphere, and there is one scene in which the noise of a ship plays a key element in a conversation between Saint and Brando. In that conversation it is metaphoric, and it could even be argued that it is only heard through perceptual subjectivity. The other noises are sharply recorded too, such as banging at the basement of the church. The photography is excellent, using shadows very well to set up the atmosphere, all of which is captured well with some glides and tilts.One can praise a film for many different reasons, but it is not worth much unless one can explain what the film is about. I would say that 'On the Waterfront' is a drama about struggling against the restrictions of society, and of what it takes to stand up for what one believes in. However, I also see it as an exciting thriller about fighting corruption and the harshness of stevedore life in a community that is effectively run by gangsters. Perhaps it is about love and how relationships develop, and the events that help them to grow strong. I think different viewers will take some different out of it. And it is perhaps that, more than the artistic and cinematic qualities of the film, which makes it a great piece of cinema.
10  As the begin of a franchise, using some Arise ideas (being more linear, starting in a more common way), I think it works fine. As a huge fan of Ghost in the Shell animated movies and series I think it's a great adaptation, it's gorgeous filmed.If you don't like the reviews go see it, if you think it's a waste of time go see it. You might be surprised.
10  I missed it during the 2010 Hong Kong International Film Festival and am really glad it is released publicly.Haven't seen such a feel good movie for a long time. Excellent and inspiring plot with very positive messages and many hilarious scenes.Inspiring messages and witty lines are dotted throughout the movie, intertwined with some teary scenes: all is well if you follow your passion; chase excellence and success will follow; be brave and follow your dream; think outside the box and be flexible.It challenges our current values on education and success – that we should learn for the sake of learning but not for grades or what others want us to do. What's the point if you memorize everything but do not understand what it means and do not know how to put what you have learned into application? What an inspiring movie. It challenges your comfort thinking mode and urge you to be yourself and chase your dream/passion.Excellent acting, colorful and typical Bollywood musical scenes with uplifting songs and dance moves, not to mention the soothing natural scenery interspersed in the moving episodes of friendship, love, family and playful/stressful campus life.Every student, teacher, and parent or anyone who cares about our future should see it. What kind of world do we want to live in? What kind of person do we want our next generation to be? What kind of lives do we want to lead? This movie makes us ponder on these.Somehow the movie echoed Steve Job's quotes : "Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma—which is living with the results of other people's thinking." "Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart." Both Steve and the Rancho character (Aamir Khan) are smart and creative, nice and helpful to friends and people who are willing to learn. They are true to their feelings. They dare to challenge authority and encourages others to do the same. We need more people like these in this world.Just go see it. You won't regret it.
10  Four fascists in WWII Italy abduct 16 youths and subject them to dehumanizing rape, humiliation and torture.  Many reviewers have commented that this movie is powerful and that everyone should see it because it gives you access to true feelings of disgust and guilt about man's inhumanity to man, especially during times of anarchistic, despotic, or fascist rule.  If you need this movie to understand how terrible the crimes visited on people by the fascists, Nazi and otherwise, during WWII were, then Pasolini's only success is that he has demonstrated just how sick and desensitized our global society has become.Stark brutality has its value as a tool for demonstrating the full force of certain horrible events.  This tool was used effectively in other WWII films around the same subject, "Schindler's List" comes to mind.  The problem with this film is that this tool has to be accompanied by real emotion and demonstration of the effect of that brutality.  The only emotion (other than pure physical pain) demonstrated by the adolescents in this movie is during one scene where a young abductee cries at being reminded of the death of her mother.  Aside from that, the victims walk through this movie like zombies as various disgusting acts are perpetrated upon them.  There is no emotion, and frankly, the movie is an extremely boring series of repetitive acts of violence and humiliation that are reputedly designed to demonstrate the horror of unchecked power.  The truth is, this is a dull expose on the acts of several bored, wealthy, powerful members of society who can no longer find stimulation in the banal trappings of every day life, just like the book it is based on.  The truth is, this movie has NOTHING to do with the horrors of fascism, it just happens that Pasolini chose a setting he knew well.  There is no reason that this same exact movie could not be shot in a palace in the Middle East, a castle in Austria, a Villa in Latin America or a mansion in the USA and be just as realistic.  It is nothing more than a dull comment on the depravity of the rich and bored.  Don't be drawn in by the mystery and the hushed tones that people use when they speak of this so-called "Masterpiece".  And if you are a DVD owner, don't be fooled by the fact that Criterion wasted their time with this banal piece of Anti-Intellectual trash.
10  Peter Bogdanovich's 'Paper Moon' is everything a road movie is supposed to be - a life-changing personal journey, a quest, a bit old-fashioned and above all, a hoot. The story is simple. Young Addie (Tatum O'Neal) finds herself orphaned with the death of her single - and apparently rather free-spirited - mother. The arrival of a man named Moze (her real-life father, Ryan O'Neal) at the funeral, provides the other mourners a chance to pack Addie off to her aunt in Missouri. Moze is reluctant to take her along, but sees a chance to blackmail some money out of the whole situation. However, his dreams of pocketing a windfall of $200 and sending Addie off on a train come to nothing - the wily young girl demands the greatly diminished sum that was meant for her care. As a result, he finds himself saddled with this grimly adult child (who is fairly certain that Moze is her father) as his assistant in a crime spree through the Midwest – a scam involving sale of overpriced Bibles to recent widows. In essence, Moze scans obituaries for gullible widows he can convince to pay the balance on Bibles their husbands "ordered" for them - deluxe editions with the names embossed in gold - before "passing on". Unsurprisingly, Addie is an adroit, if unruly, student, who upstages both his skill and daring.Yes, 'Paper Moon' is about two con artists, but not really about their con, and that's a relief. The scam is only part of the story, which takes a number of turns before reaching its end - including Moze picking up a tart from a sideshow - a carnival dancer named Trixie Delight (a cheerfully trampy Madeline Kahn), who is accompanied by a long suffering black maid, Imogene (wonderfully played by P. J. Johnson) who later turns out to be Addie's partner-in-crime. Bogdanovich takes the con games only as the experience which his two lead characters share and which draws them together in a way that's funny sometimes, but also very poignant and finally deeply touching.The film is shot in gorgeous black-and-white, giving it a documentary feel that meshes perfectly with the sweet cynicism of the characters. But what really underscores the film is amazing chemistry between the O'Neals. The fact they are father and daughter in real life helps flavor their working dynamic in an intriguing way. Tatum O'Neal is an absolute revelation - she spends much of the film with a sourpuss expression pasted to her adorable little pixie face, but breezes through the film with astonishing confidence. Ryan O'Neal's roguish charm is perfect for the character and the result, paired with his daughter, is a strong co-lead dynamic, in a tale about their delicate relationship that teeters on father-and-daughter quality without adopting the name.A true treasure, Peter Bogdanovich's Paper Moon belongs to a magical world that has elements of whimsy and noir!
10  I considered The Fellowship of the Ring to be one of the greatest movies ever. This one is better!The scenery is marvelous, the animations great, and the story superb. This episode strays further from the books when it comes to the unfolding of events, but I feel that it stays closer in atmosphere and realism; the nazgûls are now the fear-inspiring creatures they should be. Gollum, excellently implemented, even becomes more realistic then I remember him from the books, not to mention other attempts to portray him. His schizophrenic monologues are among the highlights of the movie.The major drawback is once again the apparent incapability of the dark-side creatures. Aragorn with fellows can ride back and forth among them unhurt, while the Uruk-Hai fall in large numbers just for being nearby. Though I enjoy many of the jokes made at Gimli's expense, this still is another thing I partly dislike. Gimli sure is no clown in the books.I rate the movie 9/10 (my highest so far).
10  I believe that one of the greatest ideas in the movie, is that it starts by frightening you, it makes you fear John, in such way that you don't even want to see him. And then when the movie continues it is revealed that John is just a loving human being, who wants to be loved like everybody else, and you suddenly look at him and has a kind of sympathy for him.This is a VERY VERY VERY strong idea in my opinion BECAUSE the movie shows us that we are not better than anyone else. Even though we think that the people who've seen John as a horrible deformed monster were horrible, we were thinking the same way in the beginning of the movie. Because the movie introduced John to us that way. This teaches us that unfortunately we are not objective, we don't really check things out before we judge them. We base our opinions on what others tell us, and not on what's right.
10  This is The movie that convinced me that "Clint" is indeed from a higher ground. Thoug, I've always considered Clint as a good actor,I didn't know about his capabilities as a director, he really never proved him self to me. This movie does all of that and more. Grovin up whit western movies, I would have to say that unforgiven is about whole new genre among western movies. Unforgiven is really a true statement of man's brutality and what he "or" she is capable of. Religion,marriage,children, doesn't change ones true identity. After all, when the "society" comes on you hard, the steps you are willing to take in real life, are sometimes desperate. I hope that this movie could be a bridge for those who don't like western movies, but do appreciate a decent manuscript and some fine acting.
10  Very rarely do I give less rave reviews on a show or film I dislike on IMDb, but Mighty Morphin Power Rangers is just so painstakingly dreadful, it's terrible.I wouldn't have minded if this had been an animated series- would've been better that way I guess, but as a live-action show, it typifies the terms 'cheesy' and 'campy'. Of which Power Rangers is. Five multi- coloured, spandex wearing teens battle evil by using their martial arts skills. The costumes are horrid- they look like something that is reminiscent of what track and field athletes and female gymnasts would wear. The acting is woeful, and the fight choreography is so shockingly bad and so lame to watch, it makes Jean- Claude Van Damme, look as equally as good as Bruce Lee, which is an understatement in itself. In fact, they look as if they are jumping and dancing about; like it was some version of the 'Nutcracker', or they were doing ballet, rather than fighting. Besides, there are some cartoons that heavily feature martial arts and yet it is done in a fun-yet not so cheesy way that makes it look silly.Kids show or not, this is just so lame and on the verge of absurdity. And even though this version is set in America, you could be forgiven into thinking that as you watch some of the fight sequences that they were not filmed in the US, but rather in Japan; thus the somewhat 'fake' fighting and footage was borrowed from the Japanese version-only to be juxtaposed onto the US version.If you like this type of thing, then stick with Sentai- the Japanese equivalent.
10  When I first saw the trailers for "The Fellowship of the Ring," I had never had any interest in reading the lengthy tome of a trilogy.  But seeing the possibility of the movie, I immediately went out and read the whole thing, insisted on receiving it for Christmas, and enjoyed every minute of it. The feelings I had while reading the series were heightened seeing it come to life in the stunning movie.  I thought it was a fabulous work of art.I thought that having Galadriel tell what was basically the prologue of the book was a good idea, as it helped those who had never read the story.  It also immediately involved me in the film; I felt I had an insider's advantage on the rest of the audience.  Cate Blanchett has a wonderfully deep and emotional voice; the way she speaks Galadriel is almost as effective as her appearence as the Elven queen.  Also, showing the last battle of Isildur and Sauron helped unfog a part of the novel that had me a trifle confused.The entire movie is full of beautiful sets and landscapes.  The Shire was almost exactly as I'd pictured it.  Hobbiton is cute and very whimsical. Mordor was frighteningly well done, extremely real.  Rivendell had a little bit of a European-tourist-trap look, but was beautiful all the same.  The entire backdrop of the movie (the mountains, Moria, Isengard) was perfect; it's amazing that "Fellowship" was filmed in one country.Now to the characters.  All I can say is, "Wow."  I was a little apprehensive about the casting at first; I'd created such real images of the characters in my imagination, I almost didn't want them spoiled for me. However, I was not disapointed in the least.  Elijah Wood, though not one of my favorite actors, was believable.  You could tell from the first glimpse that Frodo was special; Wood's pale, sharp features contrast sharply with the more ruddy, robust look of the rest of the hobbits.  He also cries like a little girl.  But his weaknesses and strengths make his Frodo an apt choice for the starring character.  The rest of the Hobbiton gang was well-chosen, too.  Sean Astin ("Rudy" forever to me) was loyal and a bit bumbling, just like the Gamgee of Tolkien's telling.  Pippin and Merry were congenial, slow-witted lads, but very brave nonetheless.  Viggo Mortensen is outstanding.  He has the ability to make Aragorn both menacing and kind. He physically represents Strider to the nines with his strength and virility; the action sequences of his are very passionate and exciting.  Some may have complained about Arwen's character being slightly expanded; I thought it a good change.  In the books, you have to read the whole trilogy and then rifle through the appendix in "The Return of the King" to learn the history between Aragorn and Arwen.  Liv Tyler is ethereal and breathtaking, but at the same time displays the courage and magic that make the Elves the beings they are.  Speaking of Elves, I can't help but gush over the handsome and ever-so-talented Orlando Bloom as noble Legolas.  Bloom captured the archer's very movements; he treads lightly and fights fearlessly. Legolas's bowmanship was amazing; he looked so natural loosing his arrows machine-gun style.  He was my favorite character in the books, and his essence transcends the film.  Gimli was pompous and brave, as well.  He is well-represented in the movie.  Boromir was hopelessly lost, but at the same time valiant and strong.  Sean Bean gave an emotionally-charged performance as the tortured warrior.  Hugo Weaving was very good as Elrond.  He was noble and cold at the same time.  And Gandalf.  What more can be said of Ian McKellan's showcase portrayal of the wizard?  He was magnificent.  He could be Gandalf, the kind old conjurer who set off pyrotechnics for hobbit-children.  Then he could turn around and stun the life out of you with Gandalf the powerful wizard, facing the balrog with defiance and an iron will.  His Oscar nomination is well-deserved.Peter Jackson is a brave soul to take on a project that could have backfired in so many places.  Instead of bringing us uninspired kitsch, he serves up raw emotion, graphic battles of good and evil, chilling and wonderful characters, and enough special effects (realistic, mind you) to make John Cameron's mouth water.  Knowing that "The Two Towers" was my favorite of the books, I eagerly anticipate the second helping of "The Lord of the Rings."
10  I believe that when one views a film, one should consider the context in which it was made.Barely 10 years after talking pictures were first created; less than that after the first full-length color feature film was created; near the end of the greatest depression this country ever experienced, and in which pretty much the only entertainment available to most was radio or the movies; David O Selznik decided to turn the biggest pot-boiler blockbuster novel into a movie.And what a movie. Stunning color, the most popular mail actor of his time, perfect music score, incredible action scenes, story line only 70 years removed from when it happened, and on, and on. Can you imagine what a store-clerk or a farmer, or a teacher experienced in that world, seeing Gone With the Wind? What was there to compare with? 1939 was a watershed year for great movies, and this one was the greatest produced. Try watching this movie as if there were no TV, no DVD's, only a few radio stations, spending maybe the second to the last quarter you owned, never having seen such a movie before, and you get what I mean. Masterful for its time, and still timeless today.
10  Why does Hollywood continue to believe that people in this day and time need to hear cursing in movies that goes way out of line. The entire script was centered around who could use the F word the most in one sentence. I believe that the writer must believe that in order to be a "real" man that you have to curse. The truth is that a person who has to curse to try and prove himself lacks the character and integrity to be a "real" man. Don't try and say that the characters in the movie are talking like cops in the real world do. I am a police officer and have been for over 35 years and have never heard anyone use the f word like it was used in this movie. The Massachusetts State Police hopefully are in a uproar over the way they are portrayed in this movie. It makes them look like a bunch of uneducated dunces that can only prove themselves to each other by cursing. Stay away from this movie.
10  I've read some of the last comments and all I can say is that I think most of you missed the point in this film. No offense to everybody, but I've never regarded this movie as an antiwar movie or something like that. The fact, that my interpretation is not corresponding with most of the others lies in the simple truth that 50% of work is done by the "author" and the rest is done by the audience.Kubrick used his films as little pieces of the great image of mankind. In all his movies one can see one or multiple depictions of individuals or groups and their feelings and actions, which are not only typical for the protagonists, and antagonists, but also for the viewer.In the Paths Of Glory this special feeling is perhaps the most ordinary of all: hope. From the beginning there is no hope in this movie. The battle is lost before it even started. Those three poor creatures are sentenced to death before even the trial had started. And still the audience hopes for a happy end, that the general may stop the execution in the last second. But nothing happens. At this point the viewer is as hopeless as the figures in the movie. The following breakfast scene leaves everybody in a state of paralization, nothing changes.And then at the end. this helpless and beautiful girl begins to sing a German folk song, which none of the present soldiers knows what it's all about. But the mood of the mob changes away from hate and anger and they all begin to cry like babies. In this very moment hope is reborn and comes back to the battlefield of feelings as the glorious winner. This is when we regain our hope.Many people wrote, that the last scene didn't fit in the film at all. I would say, that without this scene the movie would have never become the classic it is now. Of course the filming and actor performances are brilliant, but this specialty of the last scene makes this movie unforgettable.
10  It's hard to deny that William Wyler's lavish version of "Ben-Hur" is sometimes a bit overdone, but it nevertheless remains an entertaining and worthwhile classic. The material does justify the big-budget approach, since the story contains several interesting themes as well as plenty of action sequences. While some parts could have been stream-lined with little loss, in order to make the movie as a whole flow more smoothly, in general the film as it is keeps a good balance between action and substance. There are some very good dramatic moments in addition to the action highlights.Charlton Heston is well-cast as Ben-Hur, a role that plays right to his strengths. The strained relations between Ben-Hur and Messala provide one set of themes for the story, as well as driving much of the action. Heston handles his end of it pretty well, although Stephen Boyd could have been a little less static in his portrayal of Messala. Jack Hawkins works very well as Quintus Arrius, and his scenes with Heston are used well in establishing some of the inner workings of Heston's character. Hugh Griffith also has a couple of good scenes as Sheik Ilderim.The chariot race and other action sequences usually get most of the attention, but there are also some worthwhile ideas in the story (which are really the focus of the original novel) that are developed well enough. There is also a very good silent movie version of "Ben-Hur" from 1925, which at times takes a different approach from this version, and which is well worth seeing in itself for those who like the story.
10  The best film I have seen so far in 2005. It had everything, action and a little romance. but not enough to distract you from the main story line. Forget all the Batman films of the past and look to the future. Batman is back, bigger and better. The stunts are great, and add to the plot instead of being the hole story. And for once the supporting actors don't let you down. They actually boosted the story and helped to keep the plot moving in the right direction. Unlike those in the Btman films of the past. When Batman Begins comes out on DVD in October I will be buying the 2 disc set and I hope you will too. When the next Batman film hits the big screen I will be the first in line to see it, and being a woman that must mean a great deal.
10  When this film appeared, in 1957, it naturally garnered many an award and much personal acclaim for director David Lean. The story itself, originally written by none other than noted French writer Pierre Boulle, who wrote the book, Planet of the Apes, was pleased with the finished project. The story is very loosely based on the actual construction endeavor, called building the Kwai bridge, is herein incorporated to include the British prisoner of war camp, run by the Japanese during World War Two. A culturally traditional, hard-nose commandant, one Col. Saito (internationally acclaimed Japanese actor Sessue Hayakawa) has been given the task of constructing a railroad bridge over the river Kwai and is further ordered to have it completed by a given date. Failure is not an option. To his camp arrives an equally stubborn and somewhat arrogant British officer, one Col. Nicholson, (Alec Guinness) with several hundred POW soldiers. Already in the camp is a small detachment of American and allied soldiers who have been assailed and threatened to build the bridge. Among them is, Commander Shears (William Holden) an American POW who manages to escape the hell hole and makes it safely to a British base. Though Saito and Nicholson begin a battle of wits as to who is in command of the camp and its men, Shears is confronted by another British officer, Maj. Warden (Jack Hawkings) who asks him to return to the site of the bridge, to help him blow it up! James Donald plays Maj. Clipton, a British medical officer who watches as the various conflicting officers strive to give logic to insane goals. Every audience who views this movie, has to decided for themselves who among the officers, makes any sense to a mad-cap project. The film should be a testament to the insanity of every war. ****
10  I very rarely write reviews for movies, but after watching Tomorrowland I've never seen a movie that's been so unfairly maligned by negative reviews,especially considering that this movie was an absolute joy from beginning to end. After watching it, and reading truly horrible, reviews I'm starting to think that somebody hired a few live bodies to slate this movie for their own specific reasons. The script, actors and directors captured the feeling of endless possibilities perfectly. The FX were fantastic, there were no lulls in the plot, George Clooney did his thing perfectly, the child actors were incredible, and there were just enough twists and turns to maintain the pace.Please, please watch this movie and make your own mind up - the negative reviews almost put me off, but I'm so glad I actually took the chance. Actually there's one proviso here - and is probably something consistent with most of the negative reviews: If you lack imagination, or the yearning for a better world, then you'll hate this movie. Or you want to raise kids who aspire to be nothing more than reality TV actors. Or if you're a reality TV actor. Or your kids can't read or write because you don't think it's important. Or if you think science is dumb. Or if you can't embrace hope.As for me...I loved it. I'll be watching it again and again :-)One of the best movies of 2015, and now on my "favourite movie" list.
10  I love this movie, it is very good, spectacular and artistic.I liked the actors... Horus was very SEXY :)))) and Seth was very strong! Like them. I know the Egyptian mythology, because of it I think this is film is an absolutely entertaining film. The story is "built" very much from the mythology. I ask the director, and the actors and the team, PLEASE do not believe the negative reviews!! This movie is very good! Your work is professional. I would like more films in this topic :))) I see that the filmmakers thing that there are only Greek(Roman) or Nordern mythology... This is not true! There are more and more very interesting stories in the Egyptian mythology and in the ancient Egyptian history. I am looking forward the next movie, the next "episode" Gods of Egypt!!!!!!!
10  Mahavir Singh Phogat is a former champion wrestler. He is married to Shobha Kaur. Phogat's dream is to win a gold medal for India in wrestling. He is unable to do this. He promises that his son will do what he couldn't do. However, although he loves them dearly, Phogat is disappointed when Shobha gives birth to four daughters. He does not believe girls can wrestle well. However, when two of his daughters, Geeta and Babita, come home after beating up two boys, Phogat realises how wrong he has been and begins to train his daughters in wrestling. The film is the story of how Phogat trained his daughters to become professional wrestlers.
10  Though its biblical connotation is not the happiest one ("Seven Deadly Sins") number seven, omnipresent in our (7 days a) weekly cycles, seems to have been a lucky number in the world of cinema. Several very solid and some great movies have this number in their title, starting with gag-wise incredibly inventive Seven Chances (1925) from genius of silent era Buster Keaton, Frank Borzage's silent version of classic melodrama 7th Heaven (1927), Walt Disney's first feature-length animated movie, Snowhite and Seven Dwarfs (1940), recognized as an instant classic and remained so ever after, Stanley Donen's ear-pleasing, eye-riveting musical Seven Brides for Seven Brothers (1954), staged in western milieu, with an outstanding dance sequence, Ingmar Bergman's literally Death-defying, answers-to-reasons-for-human-misfortune-seeking masterpiece, Det sjunde inseglet ("The Seventh Seal") (1957), Billy Wilder's Seven Year Itch (1957), a clever and amusing first collaboration with incomparable Marilyn Monroe (a worm-up for their second, bigger if not decisive step in taboos-of-the-motion-picture-production-code-breaking, brilliant comedy Some Like It Hot (1959)), up to newer examples like David Fincher's disturbing drama Se7en (1995), one of the finest Hollywood movies of the 90's, as well as Tsui Hark's Chat Gim ("Seven Swords") (2005), a stunner in the department of action sequences from the often under-appreciated genre Wuxia, originating from Chinese literature.However, even among such illustrious examples of movie-making par excellence, one movie holds a special place, Shichinin no samurai ("Seven Samurai") (1954) from the legendary Japanese director Akira Kurosawa. This movie doesn't seem to lack anything that an avid movie consumer, in particular samurai genre admirer, might be wishing for.It is not easy to say anything new about the one of the most analyzed and scrutinized movies of the film history. Nevertheless, and despite being eventually only repeated, it shall be mentioned that movie has a simple but very engaging story - a group of peasants, representing a village, periodically stormed by gang of bandits, looting their crops and other possessions, hires several wandering ronins (masterless samurai) to help them protect the village - not without lucid observations on the possibility of social interaction between members of different classes during the almost seven centuries long feudal history (1185–1868) of Japan.Characterization is excellent, and though having clear stand-outs in samurai's true leader, Kambei (Takashi Shimura), a wise tactician of the exceptional valor, as well as in the exuberantly uncontrollable Kikuchiyo (Toshiro Mifune), messy in its appearance and blustering in its manner, yet, a peasant descendant himself, making for a perfect link between the samurai and their employers, all other samurai are memorable, as well, sporting wide variety of personality traits. In joining the village protection campaign, hired for nothing more than a regular meal for as long as providing a service, thus primarily hoping to finally fill their starving stomachs, each one of them was driven by different additional motives, whether they were challenged to test their bravery, fighting skills and tactics, seeking for excitement and recognition, trying to regain pride and glory of the past days, just reaching out for that human touch (cross-class communication, even mere courtship promising relationship) they have been deprived of, or simply interested in its noble cause.Together with true highlights in realistically choreographed battle scenes, showing all the pain and misery of excessive violence on the reverse of heroism, that even defenders cannot avoid resorting to, sadly announcing inevitable decline of the samurai and their ways exposed to new artless technology, unbecomingly dying ambushed by distant shots from the muskets, while ingloriously stuck in the village muds... it all makes for a compelling narrative.Though triumphant in their common task to protect the village, unlikely alliance between samurai and peasants is ultimately doomed to fail. In the short run, it gives expected results, but in the long run, does not stand the chance. That is so loudly, although in fact silently, expressed at the end, when peasants don't even care to join the surviving samurai in their mourning over the fallen ones, not even giving the last well deserved respect to those who have helped them withstand fierce attacks, prevail and ultimately defeat bandits, and, in doing so, most of them given their lives. Peasants simply continue with their daily chores, while surviving samurai have to leave the village, like they have never existed, sadly symbolizing their ultimate destiny: slowly but surely stepping off the future pages of the history books.Seven Samurai, the movie, is rightfully considered as the one that has redefined samurai film in its contemporary perception, and dawned almost two decades long string of successes, instantly becoming the brightest example of thus revived, uniquely provocative and entertaining sub-genre, unknown as such in the country of its origin, classified there within a broader genre, jidaigeki (a period drama, often describing events from pre-modern era of the Edo period, marking the governance of Tokugawa shogunate (1603-1868), relatively peaceful times for Japan's long history of civil wars, as opposed to gendaigeki, films treating contemporary matters), and by IMDb standards, as an action drama, occasionally historical, when based on real events.Originating in the Edo-era Far East, it has inspired equally successful, star-studded (Y. Brynner, S. McQueen, C. Bronson, J. Coburn, E. Wallach, R. Vaughn, H. Buchholz, B. Dexter) Hollywood remake, The Magnificent Seven (1960), conveniently situated in the U.S. West of 19th century, as well as three lesser sequels, Return of... (1966), Guns of... (1969), and ...Ride! (1972).
10  For starters,I liked the first "Baywatch" series when it premiered on NBC-TV from 1989-1991,and from there when straight into syndication for the next 10 years(1991-2001)and this where the show ended up on one of TV Guide's 10 worst TV shows of all time,and here's why..........1. You have superstud David Hasselhoff(whom I liked as Michael on "Knight Rider"),and others plastic silicons which killed the series which spun off two installments("Baywatch Nights" and "Baywatch Hawaii") under the production standards of Mr. Hasselhoff himself(whom serves as executive producer of the both spin offs as well as this series).2. ONLY on Baywatch could oceans filled with inept swimmers be watched over by lifeguards who ran in slow motion(and swam out to save them on the same formational shot).3. Not only it was an action packed show,but this sea-foam saga of a part soap opera of one-dimensional personalities with multidimensional bodies was,for a while,the world's most popular show(not in my book it ain't)which says more about the world than most of us care to know.4. The show made Hasselhoff an international status(which he rocketed "Baywatch" to the number #1 most watched show in several countries due to huge ratings overseas---but did you know its biggest audience was in Germany and Sweden?)and made stars of Yasmine Bleeth, Gena Lee Nolin,Erika Elenak,Alexandria Paul,Anna Smith(yes,Anna Nicole Smith)and the Queen of Junk TV,Pamela Anderson-Lee who acted as a human floation device during some of the episodes.For one,producers are trying their best to bring this back too...WHY? The most recent was bringing it to the big screen as well and also a made for TV-Movie. LETS HOPE THEY DON'T!
10  If mainstream cinema leaves you soulless, see this film. If you have a modicum of intelligence, see this film. If you like great acting and directing, see this film. If you like great writing and editing, see this film. If you have an interest in law, see this film.If you are a parent, see this film. A Separation is not harrowing or depressing. Fear not as I did before. If you don't like subtitles, you will forget they are there. Do not read any more detailed reviews. Go without preconception. A Separation deserves all the plaudits it is getting and deserves a much wider audience. Minimalistic and economic, a Separation is one of the finest, most chiselled pieces of cinema of this millennium.
10  (excuse me for my bad English)Thoughts on Fellini's carrier can be divided on people who think his peak was early neorealist phase (Vitelloni, La Strada, Nights of Cabiria) (do you remember the guy in the line from Woody Allen's Annie Hall?) and on the ones that praised his fantasy phase starting with La Dolce Vita and followed by 8 1/2, Roma etc.They are both wrong. Both periods and its films are very important, cinematically rich and skillful in directing. The fact that there are many followers of both periods and equal artistic success shows that the only real difference is among their aesthetics. And isn't that what makes a great director?This film is considered one of the best movies of all time among critics and directors. Many people have complaints of how this movie is difficult to understand. It is. When I first saw it, it was a rather very frustrating experience. But once you capture it fully its amazing. In fact, I fully captured it after the third viewing (and after that, every time I see it I can find something new or different). That's because this movie works differently. It works out of standard movie patterns and conventions we use to see in everyday cinema. Above, and most important of all, it speaks with the different movie language. And that is a real cinematic language, because 8 1/2 uses specific movie instruments to transmit it's content. It cannot be transferred in any other form, including literal. That's why it is so hard to put the plot into the words and that's the major merit of this film.After the tremendous commercial and artistic success in 1960. with his previous film La Dolce Vita, Fellini decided to make a film (8 1/2) about the movie director (played by Marcello Mastroianni as Guido) fresh from recent success who is not sure what to film next! And this egocentric director, under the pressure of his producer, actors, friends, fans and journalists, is escaping into the memories of his childhood, wishful fantasies and dreams. At the beginning of the film, there's a stunning famous dream sequence. Guido is trapped in a traffic jam. He loses his breath while unsuccessfully trying to escape from his car. People around (in their vehicles) are starring at him. The whole scene is mute (except the constant monotonous sound) and, from time to time, it freezes. Suddenly, he is free, and flying towards sky. Then, one of his assistants pulls him down to earth. And, he is awake. I think it's unnecessary to explain the meaning of this brilliant scene.There is also a scene where he is persuaded to ask a catholic priest for an advice about the content of his next film (since his films are widely released there is a moral issue). But he apparently has an aversion towards Church. And then, during a conversation with this priest, Guido suddenly associates his early childhood event (watching a dance of a prostitute Saraghina, and the subsequent punishment by one priest). So, the current event forces its cause to come out of his subconsciousness.Then, there is a scene  quarrel between Guido and his wife (played by Anuk Aimee) while sitting outdoors. She is complaining about his mistress(es) and he is denying everything. Then, his mistress (Sandra Milo) suddenly arrives and, after she saw Guido with his wife, sits to one table not so close. Guido's wife noticed that and realized that woman is his mistress. So, she is continuing her quarrel with him. And then comes one of the most visceral and fascinating scenes in the Movie History. Suddenly, wishful fantasy starts Guido's wife stands up, coming towards mistress. They are kissing each other like longtime friends and making a nice conversation. Then, Guido enters his house from the childhood (which is shown before) with some presents in his hands. And, there are like 20 women around him fighting for his attention. He is whipping them (dominate them). And there is his wife  peaceful, calm, conservative, loving So, under the pressure of all-around-him messes he is fantasying. This is psychologically known as the regression to the pleasure principle and is very common. This scene is known as "The Harem Scene" and like others is followed by brilliant, very suitable music score.From time to time, Guido is fantasying a beautiful young woman (Claudia Cardinale). She is another projection of his narcissism  an ideal woman to please all of his wishes not making a single complaint.Rosella represents (symbolizes) his super-ego. Pay attention to their phone conversation. Also in Harem scene (harem is actually his Id, fulfilling all his infantile fantasies) she is ABOVE him making complaints.His producer is "paternal figure". All his father's wishes, demands to Guido are now "reactivated" with producer. Pay attention to very interesting first "fantasy" scene in the movie (on the grave). Father asks a man something like:" How is my boy doing"? and the man makes face like: "Well...". Later we discover that the man is his producer.Guido's wife and his mother, the same thing. And we discover this in the same scene when his mother turns into his wife.Critical writer may represent his raw intellect but also artistic vanity while Conocchia is his neglected emotional aspect.At the end of the movie, he eventually becomes aware of the causes of his confusion and self-deceptions (this sudden awareness is symbolized by "shooting himself", shooting his confusion that is) and having a final monologue: "...Accept me as I am. Only then can we discover each other..."
10  Al Pacino plays a cop and an avid hunter who, once he gets a scent of his prey, feels some sort of self-motivation that perpetuates him He is a jackal addicted to this process This is an elevated state of being an intensely eager predator pursuing his prey until he gets him down As strange as it is, as scary as that world is, Lt. Hanna has a social conscience He has a normal spectrum of human feelings He's very authentic in how he loves his life The fusion of Robert De Niro and Neil McCauley is so total He's committed to the rigidity of that perspective and it's a heartbreaking role It's a tragic character In his world, what he's doing, he feels justified in doing it McCauley has a quiet look at a thief who has a certain kind of lonely disregard for who he kills but yet somehow you're in touch with his humanity We can identify him when all that robbery turns out badly and when his lover Eady (Amy Brenneman) tries to escape from him Brenneman's part was the hope that De Niro's character could have of escape, and love, and forgiveness There's something so sad about these people and so poignant They are so lost, and they want to be found so badlyIt's like a huge opera On one level, the film deals with a crime saga, on the other, with the interpersonal relationships that are woven all these charactersIn the Pacino character and in the De Niro character you're basically seeing two sides of the same tough man
10  Ever since I was a kid, I was fascinated by animation, I watched way too many cartoons and would often drawn them myself. I never thought of animation as "real art" or anything fancy, just one of life's simple pleasures. Sure Disney had made some ground-breaking animated features, and technology was allowing for more and more detailed and intricate animation techniques, but no animated film had ever moved me as much as a Godfather or Unforgiven or Dr. Strangelove, that is until one fine day in 1999. I was in high school, and Princess Mononoke was premiering at the Coolidge Theater in Brookline, I was pumped as I really enjoyed Castle in the Sky and Totoro, so I went to the theater with a few friends and was absolutely clown away for this. This film is so spectacular in almost every way and every piece comes together perfectly. The animation is top-notch, not that shoddy 1980's anime style, but the mind-blowing animation techniques that made Miyazaki the maestro his is today. The score by Joe Hisaishi is tremendous, though at times it may seem a bit overly dramatic (I mean this is an animated feature, not Lawrence of Arabia), but this is the ultimate animated epic, so it fits in well. The plot is dense and the characters are well-developed, there are no true "good" or "bad" guys in this film...and Miyazaki includes his favorite underlying theme of Man vs. Nature throughout. Some may argue that Spirited Away was Miyazaki's crowning achievement, but I believe that Mononoke Hime is his true Masterpiece.
10  Remember the movie, Groundhog Day? Of course you do. It's wonderful. Bill Murray plays a man who, while reliving the same day over and over again, learns how to treat people better, make them happier, and in turn make himself happier. The movie, When We First Met is kind of like that except the jokes aren't as funny and the rules don't make sense and he sometimes flashes forward in time and it's a much worse movie.Here's a quick overview of the plot. Noah (Adam Devine) loves his friend Avery (Alexandra Daddario), but she's engaged to Ethan (Robbie Amell). While drinking heavily out of sadness that he missed his chance with the girl of his dreams, Noah uses a magic photobooth to jump back in time to the night that he met Avery. His second chance with her goes well until it doesn't. Then he tries again and again and... you get the idea. The premise is fun enough. I actually like the idea quite a bit. The issue is that the movie just has so many holes. The plot doesn't make sense when given even an ounce of thought. What are the rules of his time jumps? Are there any? Some things he remembers. Others he doesn't. There is no discernable plan behind it all, other than to reach for cheap laughs whenever possible. It seems like the writer didn't have a very clear vision of the world that he built. In other words, he butchered the Groundhog Day model. I like Adam Devine. He has a likable aura in all his roles even when he does something unsavory. In this role, he goes for it in every scene, even when I'm sure he knew the line didn't work or didn't make sense. I commend him for his effort. He almost sold it at certain points, but he was severely held back by the script. A lot of the jokes didn't land. Then they would come up again later, and they would not land again. It was a double-whammy of jokes bombing terribly. The funniest scene in the movie comes when Noah visualizes the moment Avery met Ethan at a grocery store. I won't spoil it, but the image is good for a hearty chuckle. A big problem with the movie is that I didn't quite believe a lot of it. With comedies, they work if I believe what is happening and they work if I know that I'm suspending my disbelief and laughing at how absurd things are. But when the events pose as rational but aren't quite there, it leaves a bad taste in my mouth. I can deal with the unbelievability of the time jumping, but I can't deal with inconsistently enforced rules within the time jumping. Even the ridiculous plot points need to be grounded in some form of rational thought. On the positive side, I liked all the performers. I think any of them could fit in fine in a well-made movie. I'm not sure any one of them is capable of carrying a weak script, which is the challenge they faced here. I'd like to see all of them receive more opportunities. Somehow, despite all my gripes, I still found myself caring about the ending. It's the best part. It's fairly predictable but handled just warmly and delicately enough that I couldn't complete hate the entire movie. I must be a sucker for romance or Adam Devine or both. With that said, I don't recommend this movie. I suggest selecting any of a number of far superior romantic comedies that line the walls of Netflix and Amazon Prime.
9 What a movie! It's the cinematic ideal, the standard by which subsequent films are judged, at least in terms of acting and dialogue. Maybe the camera, which does nothing but sit there as the actors act, could have been made a little less static. But the story screams stage play, which implies lots of talk and not much "action". The film doesn't pretend to do all things. But what it does do, it does extremely well.As Margo, Bette Davis gives what I would consider one of the best performances, if not the best performance, in any film I have ever seen. She truly becomes Margo, that "fixture of the theater", so beloved yet so insecure. And as Eve, "the mousy one, with the trench coat and the funny hat", breathy Anne Baxter proves adept at subtleties that allow her character to change gradually over time.Then there's George Sanders who effortlessly slips into the role of witty, urbane, pompous Addison DeWitt, columnist magnifico, a man whose high opinion of himself allows him to declare to us, as viewers, that he is "essential to the theater". Celeste Holm and reliable Thelma Ritter give topnotch performances as well.And the Mankiewicz script, which tells the story of a group of theater people, is heavy on dialogue, but it's totally believable, as characters talk shop and interrelate, by means of suitable verbal conflict and subtle subtext. Even more than that, the dialogue is witty and clever, with tons of theatrical metaphors, like when Bill (Gary Merrill) angrily tells Margo: "And to intimate anything else doesn't spell jealousy to me, it spells a paranoid insecurity that you should be ashamed of." To which Margo just as angrily spits out: "Cut, print it, what happens in the next reel? Do I get dragged off screaming to the snake pits?"One of my favorite scenes has several people sitting on a stairway at a party. A curvaceous but bird-brained Miss Casswell (Marilyn Monroe), "from the Copacabana school of acting", desires another drink. "Oh waiter!", she yells out. Addison schools her: "That isn't a waiter, my dear; that's a butler." To which she fires back: "Well I can't yell 'Oh butler', can I? Maybe somebody's name is Butler". Addison then concedes: "You have a point, an idiotic one, but a point."I'm not sure I really like the characters in this film. Generally, they're self-absorbed, vain, haughty, and backbiting. They're not all that likable. And that would be my only serious complaint.Otherwise, "All About Eve" is a film that excels at great language and great acting. If ever there was a film that deserves the status of "classic", this is surely it.
9 Similar to my rating for this film, you can argue that 9 out of 10 people who watch this movie, it will not be their first Scorsese film. Most of us know the genius that he is and coming into this showing we should expect brilliance, and gladly he delivers a captivating storyline driven by great acting. Unfortunately with the release of Shutter Island was also a press release that Taxi Driver may be remade, so that news made me hesitant to care, but I'm glad I was wrong.Shutter Island is the story of Teddy Daniels, A U.S. federal marshall sent to the island with his partner Chuck Aule to search for the disappearance of a patient. Each scene provides a turn against their leads and compels them to look for more whilst searching in places we couldn't comprehend, including their minds. Leonardo DiCaprio and Mark Ruffalo feed off each other and supply great performances for their characters as expected, but some of the other characters whose names are riveted on the posters or marquees are sensational as well. The two that stuck out to me most were Ben Kingsley (Dr. Cawley) and Michelle Williams (Dolores, Teddy's wife), each of whom brought so much dramatics and new questions to the movie, developing plot twists and controversy. I don't think this film would be the same without them.Even to begin explaining details of the plot and how everything comes to fruition causes me to feel migraines alike the ones Teddy gets in the movie, therefore I won't ruin anything for you now. Take my honest word that if you enjoyed any Scorsese movie in the past or have enjoyed movies that include surrealism, Shutter Island combines the two into an intense thriller that boggles the mind and possibly even "corrode it, rusts it". Also, if you are hesitant to watch this film because the trailer perceives it as a horror film with a lot of "jumpy" scenes, ignore that. I had the same feeling entering it, and there was only one towards the very end, but it was worth the shock. You will miss so much detail trying to cover your eyes for a few minutes sporadically throughout that it's not worth it. Take the risk of jumping out of your seat for once, because it was the best scare I could ask for.9/10. Not Martin's best work, but come on, could you make a better movie than him?
9 'Your Name' is not just one of the best animes in recent years (and there have been some very good ones), but one of the best animes ever from personal opinion.Will go even further, saying it's one of the best animated films in recent years, one of the best animated or otherwise films of the year and that it rivals the masterworks of Miyazaki. This is a huge compliment, for any anime, animated film or even any film, and a bold claim that still stands. Much of it is to do with how 'Your Name's' stayed with me and the impact it's had, a film once seen but never forgotten.The animation in 'Your Name' is stunning, so beautifully and intricately drawn with immaculate attention to detail in the backgrounds and a simply breath-taking array of ethereal but also atmospheric colours. The music fits the film's atmosphere with no problem at all and also works wonders as a soundtrack on its own, serving superbly as music on its own.Meanwhile, the script is thought-provoking and touching, with much to say and explored expertly and neatly with no heavy-handedness. The storytelling engages throughout, sucks one into its world and never lets go of the immersing and is enormously heartfelt, really investing in the characters' chemistry and their love for each other. Pacing is deliberate, but never drags due to the emotional impact and how well realised the characters are, even when noticeably slower in the second half.Characters, and the film's themes, are brilliantly written and developed, and the voice acting is emotive and fit the characters with no qualms.In summary, a truly magnificent film all round that will be remembered for years to come. Deserves all the raves it's gotten, and deserving of even more. 10/10 Bethany Cox
9 Braven is an entertaining action movie. It's one of those good guys vs bad guys films, and not in a bad way. Had a few moments with heart, my girlfriend got choked up during 2 parts. An enjoyable film overall, especially if you like action movies.
9 Unlike Gone Girl (which I liked a lot), this movie does not have a major plot twist in the middle. This is a Whodunit, with the finger pointed on a different character every 15 minutes or so. And instead of flashy, campy directing by David Fincher, Paquet- Brenner opts for social realism and... dark. Which is a good thing, because it keeps the focus on the plot which is thick, and moves at breakneck speed. The past and the present are interwoven seamlessly until the end, which was surprisingly moving - and for my money more satisfying than Gone Girl's. The acting is solid throughout, with special mention to Christina Hendricks and Corey Stoll as the emotional core. Hendricks is absolutely stellar. Gillian Flynn's unique voice comes through in the Voice Over narration and the dialogues which are at times funny and quite cynical. This time, the themes are growing up as a victim, confronting your past, the satanic panic of the 80's, as as with Gone Girl, the lies we tell ourselves and others. Definitely worth the price of admission. 9/10
9 I am not much in favor of "best" lists--I wouldn't make it in Cusack's "High Fidelity" world--but I can usually offer a range of titles of films that I consider the most powerful experiences I have had in front of a screen--Bicycle Thief, Ran, Ordet, Seventh Seal, Citizen Kane, L'Avventura, Rear Window, Blade Runner, quite a few others.  But if I had to pick just one title, it would be Nights of Cabiria. I saw it when it first came out in this country--I was a junior in high school and fortunate enough to live near a theater that showed foreign films.  It ran for several weeks and I kept going back to see it over and over, giving myself permission by dragging friends to see it.  No one was ever disappointed, though only a couple of friends developed a comparable enthusiasm with mine. I have continued to seeit every chance I get, though I have not had the opportunity to see the latest reissue--I probably will have to see it onvideo or dvd, since the city I now live in rarely shows any foreign films.  Giulietta Massina gives not just the greatestperformance of her career, but surely one of the greatestperformances ever recorded on film, and the sequence of Cabiria's experiences, at first seemingly random and insignificant, adds up to one of the most profound statements Fellini ever made about human life.
9 Martin Scorsese has done it again. His newest and most refreshing effort he's contributed to the world of cinema in years, The Wolf of Wall Street is a roaring thrill ride that is both absolutely hilarious and meticulously constructed. It also presents Academy Award nominee Leonardo DiCaprio in possibly his finest acting performance of his career. At one-minute shy of three hours, I was both engaged and hypnotized nearly the entire duration. A comedic epic that studies the behavior and cultures of a time in America, feels like the uncovering of a time capsule that was buried and dug up to give insight into our current financial crisis. Much more than just laughs, it turns on the dramatic elements early enough in the film to warrant considerable reactions about the choices of our key characters. Expertly paced with intelligent moral questions presented, The Wolf of Wall Street is one of the best films of the year.Telling the story of Jordan Belfort, a young Wall Street broker that gets involved in drugs, money, and even more drugs during the 80's and 90's. In his tenure trading (and stealing), Jordan marries, divorces, does drugs, marries again, does even more drugs, makes solid friendships, and believe it or not, does a lot more drugs. Watching the destruction of Jordan acted as a documentarian's insight that felt like I was watching "Intervention" without the family that cares. The Wolf of Wall Street is a black comedy, giving hints of drama. Natural comparisons will fly to Oliver Stone's Wall Street which is accurate but you can see subtle hints of films like Trading Places, Glengarry Glen Ross, and even American Psycho. That's a testament to Scorsese's outstanding direction and Terence Winter's masterful screenplay. Scorsese keeps Wolf life-size, sprinkled with characters that are both geniuses and morons, but functioning morons. They're like the frat pack group that sat in a corner on my college campus, being loud and obnoxious, and made terrible life choices that they still aren't aware of until this day. Scorsese puts together an all-star cast to inhabit these beings that includes DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie, Matthew McConaughey, Jon Bernathal, and Kyle Chandler. All of which seem to be having the time of their lives.A lot of the credit of the film's overall success has to be awarded to Leonardo DiCaprio. I've never seen him truly "go for it" in a way that he exhibits as Jordan Belfort. In his breaking of the fourth wall, to his long but completely engaging monologues about life, money, and greed, it's the most assured and compelling work by the actor to date. When DiCaprio unleashed his talents in the mid-90's in What's Eating Gilbert Grape? and later stole the hearts of tween girls everywhere in Titanic, who knew this is the role he'd been gearing up to play. This is the role of his career and something that the Academy Awards should look to for his long overdue recognition. It's a charming and adventurous turn that presents a conundrum to the audience as we find ourselves both enamored and loathing the pure essence of Jordan. A sequence of DiCaprio crawling on the floor will probably be the scene of the year. This is DiCaprio's crowning achievement.As the magnetic and cheesy-minded right-hand man, Jonah Hill's performance as Donnie Azoff is another great turn for the 30-year-old actor. He's allowed to explore some of his comedic ticks and beats that he may not have ever had the opportunity to explore in films like Superbad or 21 Jump Street. In Wolf, he relies on his own instincts, and his chemistry with DiCaprio, which has helped him before for his Oscar-nominated work in Moneyball opposite Brad Pitt. Matthew McConaughey, is one scene shy of winning the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor. While his work in Dallas Buyers Club will bring him the acclaim and recognition that he deserves, The Wolf of Wall Street is a prime example of what he should be doing when he's not working or seeking out the strong, independent features that are geared for awards recognition. Stealing every frame and focus from DiCaprio in his ten minute screen time, McConaughey utilizes all his charm and spunk as Mark Hanna, the mentor to young Jordan as he started out.Like any great Scorsese film, the women are in full-force and given the opportunity to shine like the others. Cristin Millotti, a toned down and tragic version of Marisa Tomei in My Cousin Vinny, is sensational in her brief appearances on screen. Beautiful and sympathetic, she offers much needed serious and dramatic elements to Jordan's outrageous antics. In the end, a star is born in the gorgeous and vivacious Margot Robbie as Naomi Lapaglia, Jordan's second wife. Whoever was going to be cast as Naomi, had to be an actress of considerable talent and had the ability to really be the sexy kitten but still warrant an emotional reaction from the audience when called upon. Margot Robbie was the perfect choice and she'll need to owe Scorsese royalties for years to come with the roles she'll be offered following this. Robbie is pure magic and is everything she's required to be. She's the more elusive, compelling, and more thought out version of Scarlett Johansson's character in Don Jon.I loved every second of The Wolf of Wall Street. Terence Winter's script is a natural and well-oiled machine that produces the words of a demigod. You couldn't make these things up. Thelma Schoonmaker is the utmost professional and continues to shine film after film. You won't find another dedicated and glossed editing work this year. The other supporting actors do sensational work especially Kyle Chandler, who has a very well-constructed exchange on a boat with DiCaprio, has us asking more and more, why is this guy not helming his own films on a consistent basis yet?
9 I can't praise this film long enough!The Shining is, without doubt, one of Stanley Kubrick's undisputed masterpieces and a true classic in horror cinema. It is a film that, over the course of the years, has managed to scare the living hell out of its audiences (and still does). The film is an adaptation of Stepehen King's original novel, written in the late '70s, and although the film is not very loyal to the book, it still stands as a thing of its own.Right from the beginning, as we contemplate the car going to the hotel from those stunning aerial shots, deeply inside us we know that something in the film, somehow, sometime is going to go wrong. As we obtain that severe warning, an almost inaudible voice gently whispers to us 'sit tight', a sense of unexpectedness invades us all, and it is that very same feeling that makes our hair stand on end throughout out the entire movie.The plot is simple: Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) becomes the caretaker of the Overlook Hotel in up in the secluded mountains of Colorado. Jack, being a family man, takes his wife (Shelley Duvall) and son (Danny Lloyd) to the hotel to keep him company throughout the long, isolated nights. During their stay, strange things occur when Jack's son Danny sees gruesome images powered by a force called 'the shining' and Jack is heavily affected by this. Along with writer's block and the demons of the hotel haunting him, Jack has a complete mental breakdown and the situation takes a sinister turn for the worse.The film, unlike many horror-oriented films nowadays, doesn't only rely on stomach-churning and gory images (which it does contain, anyway) but on the incredibly scary music based on the works of Béla Bartók and on the excellent cinematography (the Steadicam is superbly used, giving us a sense of ever-following evil), as well. The terrifying mood and atmosphere of the film is carefully and masterfully woven by Kubrick, who clearly knows how to really make a horror movie.Jack Nicholson's powerful performance as the mad father and husband is as over the top as it is brilliant. Shelley Duvall, who plays the worrying wife who tries to help her son, is also a stand out; she shows a kind of trembling fear in many scenes and is able to display weakness and vulnerability in a very convincing way. Undoubtedly, The Shining is full of memorable moments (the elevator scene or the 'Heeeeeere's Johnny' one-liner for instance) and, simply put, it's flawlessly brilliant.Stanley Kubrick's direction is pure excellence, giving the whole film a cold and atmospheric look, thus creating an unbearable sense of paranoia and terror. There are moments of sheer brilliance and exquisite perfection in this film; the horrifying maze chase is a perfect example. Every single shot is masterfully created and there are some genuinely scary scenes which will make you sit on the edge of your seat.The Shining is, in my opinion, a special landmark in horror cinema which will always be regarded as one of the scariest movies in film history. Since I saw it last year, when I was 13, I have rarely been able to have a bath in my bathtub.Just in case, ya know. Overall, The Shining is incomparably the scariest film I've ever seen in my whole life (and I can tell you I've seen a great deal of horror films).It is an unforgettable, chilling, majestic and truly, profoundly scary film crafted by an eccentric genius who wants to show that the impossible can be done. The Shining is a sublime, hauntingly intriguing and endlessly watchable film that shows Kubrick at his best.
9 I happened to watch the trailer of this movie when i went to another movie, and found it impressive. So, i went to watch the movie, and i was blown away. I never knew much about John Hamm and after watching this movie, all i can say is he is an incredible actor. I have no idea of the historical accuracy of the events, but the direction is absolutely fantastic ! Great story telling by the director : Mark Anderson. I don't remember watching such an edge-of-the-seat thriller in recent times.
9 Many movies have characters in them who are hired assassins, or "hit men". They're the standard "badass" character that kills people in order to collect a reward. Most hit men in films have been portrayed as cold, heartless villains (Boba Fett of Star Wars, Vincent of Collateral). Léon, however, flips this cliché on its end, as the hit-man is the kind-hearted protagonist who learns how to love, thanks to a little girl who shows up on his doorstep.Léon begins in a restaurant, with the assassin himself (Jean Reno) taking a contract from his boss Tony (Danny Aiello) to kill a man who's moving in on Tony's territory. The next 10 minutes become an enthralling cat and mouse game where Leon shows the viewers just why he is known as the cleaner: he is extremely good at this job. We also see Leon's human side, shown by his passion for milk, his affection for his plant (whom he calls his best friend) and when he becomes engrossed watching Singin' in the Rain. Leon seems quite content with this life, not seeming to want anything more. That is, until he is forced to take custody of a twelve-year-old girl (Natalie Portman) whose entire family was cruelly massacred by a corrupt DEA agent (Gary Oldman). This is where Leon is forced to change his lifestyle for the little girl, and when she wishes to get into contract killing to avenge her brother, Leon becomes her mentor and protector.Luc Besson was both the director and screenwriter for Léon, and he proves with his sophomore effort that he is no one-hit wonder. Léon is a very fast paced movie, chronicling Leon's training of Mathilda, Mathilda's growing affection for contract killing (and for Leon himself), and the final standoff with Norman Stansfield. Despite all this, Léon also has time to throw in some slower scenes that develop Leon's and Mathilda's characters, expanding on their growing relationship and partnership.Jean Reno does a very good job as Leon, portraying him both as an effective and frightening killing machine, and as a loving and caring father figure. There is almost a childlike innocence to Leon, with him being unable to read and not familiar with most American culture. Reno allows the audience to both sympathize with this character and respect him, an extremely challenging feat.Natalie Portman's breakout role as Mathilda is one of the greatest acted child roles in a film, period. Portman is able to portray childlike innocence combined with an above average intelligence and awareness of the world around her. Although she is young, she becomes extremely interested in Leon and his job, wanting revenge for the gross acts committed upon her. Make no mistake, Mathilda is the true star of this film, and Portman completely shines in the role.In comparison to Jean Reno's fairly subdued performance as Leon, apparently Luc Besson wanted a more exciting and over-the-top antagonist for the film: enter Gary Oldman. Gary Oldman completely overacts his character of the crooked DEA cop, and he does it so wonderfully that he steals every scene he is in. This is without a doubt the greatest performance of this underrated actor's career, as the fun Oldman has with this role practically oozes out of the screen and infects anyone who watches him. While some critics criticized Oldman for his performance, it was actually spot on considering that the character of Stansfield is a drug-addicted psychotic cop who has no problem with murdering an innocent family to get what he desires. The only nitpick I have with Stansfield is his screen time is fairly small compared with Leon and Mathilda; nevertheless he completely steals the show when he does appear.The plot of Léon is fairly straightforward compared to most action flicks, as there are no particular plot twists or double crossings. However, the simple plot works because this is not a plot driven movie, it is a character driven one. That's not to say there is no action in this movie, there are a few great action sequences (especially the spectacular police shootout in the film's climax), but the film mainly revolves around the growing affection between Leon and Mathilda, and how they change each others' lives. Overall, Léon is an extremely well-made action/drama, and one of the best films of 1994.
9 "Full Metal Jacket" is one of the legends of any service person in basic training. As a young recruit in the Army, we talked about it, and we talked about it further and it is one of those movies that you always find something new to say about. The beginning, the young men come to be trained as "killers." And it is at this point where you may realize later that not everyone is meant to be in the military, example, Leonard (Pyle.) He is a nice kid with probably a good sense of humor, probably liked among for his sense of humor and would have done better in college, but instead is in the Marine Corp where he does not fit in well. Then you have Hartman (excellent portrayal by Gunny Ermy) who has the heartless job of making killers out of these young men. It is here that you question if he is truly mean spirited or is doing what he knows he has to do by being as hard as he can so that these young men will survive the horrors of war. This is a point that I think is sometimes missed. Joker, a rather smart young man, attempts to take Leonard under his wing and the two become friends until Leonard messes up and is given a "blanket party" by the rest of the platoon. Hartman is the reason for this, but behind this hides another reason; he has to make them tough and solid so that they will work as a team and have each other's backs in combat. He knows this to be true, but no one else does. This sends Leonard into a psychotic break and for a while, Hartman begins to show interest in Leonard due to his progress. Joker, noticing the change in Leonard, does not bring this to anyone's attention and thus begins his journey through his own private war because he believes from his inaction, he may have been the cause for the aftermath of the confrontation of Leonard and Hartman and the eventual fate of Leonard.After that, the movie shifts and they are in Vietnam and only then does Joker begin to see why Hartman was so mean as he sees his friends become more like Leonard and may be destined to share his fate. When the young sniper is shot is when a part of humanity returns to Joker and we are left to guess at what follows.The performances by Ermy, Modine and D'Onofrio were remarkable, especially D'Onofrio. I often wonder what went on behind the scenes, especially with a seasoned Marine war vet such as R. Lee Ermy on the set. I often wonder how much he contributed to the movie as an actual adviser.By the way, I am a Gulf War I Army Veteran and I am female, so it could be that I may be looking at this differently. Females usually were not in combat situations, but some were. I do wish the movie would have shown that a little, but as far as making you think, I think the movie did what it was suppose to do.
9 Sure it's outlandishly violent and bloody. Can anyone expect Tarantino's movie not to be a true mind-blowing, adrenaline-pumping shocker?  Of course not!  Gritty and slick, his first installment of KB rocks with moody western imagery, the '60s and '70s-era of Hong Kong martial arts-action, the influences of the ritualistic samurai swordsmanship, and Japanese anime. Like in all his films, Tarantino never fails to merge dark humor with terror. It's impossible not to smile over the Shaw Bros.' iconic introduction ploy and the De Palma-esque split screens. Observe the `Carrie' blank-starry eyed image settled on The Bride's gory face as she's introduced to the audience. Perhaps, Uma Thurman in her yellow suit is a salute to the yellow-suited Bruce Lee in his last film, The Game of Death. Or is The Bride 'Just another little Western girl playing at being a samurai' - as O-Ren Ishii blatantly puts it?This film's a sampling of the Tarantino 'fury,' short of the Tarantino customary fiery tongue. It celebrates the Tarantino trademark of avoiding the use of computer-generated CGI special effects. It's almost as if I'm watching a colorful and bloodied kabuki stage that's displaying a stunningly massive tournament of multi-layered kung-fu and female samura sword-fighting styles to dazzle the audience. It's examining how Tarantino catalogues the great stylistic elements of his favorite 'old-school' filmmakers and transforms them into a phenomenally creative and mesmerizing film. Yep, there's a great deal of captivatingly artistic boldness in this film. Powerfully portrayed and not to be easily forgotten. Violently brutal and gloriously gory without doubt, and yet so aesthetically operatic and astoundingly artful. The music and lyrics that accompany the scenes are astounding. They set the moods so appropriately with the events.Even at 'The House Of Blue Leaves', we get to see Tarantino weaving the artistic styles of Lucio Fulci, Chang-Che, Sergio Leone, Kurosawa, Zhang Yimou and Busby Berkeley to bring the audience a stylistic exhibit of remarkable montage grandeur. The themes of betrayal and revenge come off strong. Every camera shot and scene seems to scream out, non-stop, `Kill Bill and all of Bill's DVAS members.'  My adrenaline's still flowing as I'm recalling the scenes. Tarantino has make a solid point with this film to show that martial arts scenes should stick to the artful and realistic choreographic treatment to sustain the true spiritual spirit of martial arts. A+
9 Many great war films of the Vietnam conflict are centered around these themes of blurred morality and the uselessness of war, and Oliver Stone's Platoon is among the most well known. Stone, who wrote and directed the film and also served as an infantryman in Vietnam, first rose to fame for his war films that dramatized the infamous Cold War conflict. The main premise of his magnum opus are the inner conflicts within US forces deployed to southeast Asia, rather than the actual physical conflicts between them and the Communist-allied Vietnamese forces. More broadly, Platoon analyzes the "duality of man" concept that has been studied in numerous other works, from fellow Vietnam War films like Full Metal Jacket (1987) and Apocalypse Now (1979), all the way back to the latter's source material and inspiration in Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness. Platoon focuses on the moral decay of soldiers in American units, and how this contributes to their inability to fight their Vietnamese enemies. Charlie Sheen sums up this theme with his on-the-nose voiceover, "We did not fight the enemy, we fought ourselves... and the enemy was in us."Vietnam War-movies tend to be even harder to watch than most war flicks, as the lines between the "heroes" and "villains" are blurred more than in any other dramatized period of warfare in recent human history. In wars like World War II, which are widely known for being as black and white as military conflicts have become, the contrasting features between the heroic forces we are meant to root for and their opposing enemy platoons are well defined. That is almost never the case with the United States-North Vietnamese/Vietcong conflict in Vietnam during the overarching Cold War.That is not to say that most wars throughout human history have not been many shades of grey, with the winners and losers not always corresponding with the righteous and evil. But because of the guerrilla nature and infamous legacy of the Vietnam War itself - namely, the immense public protest against American involvement - the Vietnam War remains by far the most unpopular war in modern American history. With that said, most of the film is fantastic, from the aforementioned narrative to the grim lightning of the southeast Asian jungles that emphasize the film's tone, to the poignant, melancholic score.
9 Idri I Smotri is the most horrifying war movie you'll ever see. No, I have not seen every war movie but I've seen many and none of them were remotely close to this.If an American war movie is considered anti-war, you usually see really gruesome stuff happening to soldiers. American movie wars are fought in computer servers, a totally unpopulated battlefield were the troops can run around and kill each other. If a movie shows bad stuff happening to civilians, it's always limited and often implied.Idri I Smotri goes all out and shows you the whole thing. Rape, murder, massacre, brutality in every way imaginable. There is very little plot, a tool to further show the randomness and confusion of war. The happenings on screen are often bizarre and unexpected, and dialog is confused, desperate, hopeless and often barely human.On top of the ghastly pictures is a whine, drone, noise, call it what you will. I'm guessing someone call's it "soundtrack" but that's too generous. It's nauseating, and very effective.Acting is extremely believable, characters feel real as life. That doesn't mean they are likable, rational or enjoyable, but they're undoubtedly there, experiencing first-hand what we are seeing filtered through or TV screen.I will never forget this movie. It leaves a mental scar in your mind which takes a few days to recover from and you'll probably never recover fully. If you've seen movies like "Saving Private Ryan" or "We were soldiers" and felt they were too strong, DON'T watch this movie. If you never feel terribly affected by movies, well, you'll soon know what it's like.
9 Quite possibly the best modern action movie since the classic "Dirty Harry", "Die Hard" simply rocks. Based on the interesting novel "Nothing Lasts Forever" by Roderick Thorp, "Die Hard" made headlines for its combination of a terrific cast, excellent script, amazing action sequences and superb direction.  Headed up by screen favorite Bruce Willis (The Sixth Sense), "Die Hard" also features the talented Alan Rickman (Galaxy Quest) and Bonnie Bedelia (Needful Things).  Directed by action veteran John McTiernan, the mastermind behind such action spectaculars as "Predator", "The Hunt For Red October", "The Thomas Crown Affair" (1999), and "Die Hard With A Vengeance".In the role that shot him to stardom, Willis plays Detective John McClane, a hard-hitting cop from New York on Christmas Vacation in LA.  He is there to visit his wife (whom he is separated from), Holly Gennaro, who recently got a great job working for the Nakatomi corporation and has permanently moved to Los Angeles with their two children.  John arrives at Nakatomi Plaza expecting a fun Christmas party and a relaxing night.  Man was he wrong!  A few minutes after getting settled, twelve gun-toting Eastern Europeans take the entire 30th floor hostage.  The supposed terrorists are headed up by the brilliant megalomaniac Hans Gruber (Rickman), who actually wants the $640 million dollars inside the floor's vault.  Somehow, McClane escapes upstairs armed only with a handgun and starts causing a ruckus, slowly hunting down each well-equipped thug."Die Hard" succeeds is because it presents every challenge McClane has to face realistically and clearly.  As the tension mounts, the ordeals for John become increasingly harder.  First, it's just a terrorist.  Then a whole slew of them.  Later, it's the NYPD and even the FBI!  Director McTiernan gives the film a good pace and makes the film work by showing that John isn't superhuman; he only uses his brain more than his gun.  Also, screenwriters Jeb Stuart (The Fugitive) & Steven E. De Souza (48 Hrs.) add touches of humor that lighten up the viewer and classic one-liners ("Yippy-Ki-Yay, !@#$") that ignite the screen.  Their subplots actually add to the story instead of overcomplicating it, especially one featuring good cop Sgt. Al Powell (Rejinald VelJohnson of TV's "Family Matters").Overall, this movie was awesome.  Willis is very believable and has significant screen presence.  Character development is superb, and even though Stuart and De Souza leave some loose ends untied - like how  a man gets hung with a chain and still comes back for more - the film remains to be an action classic.  Note to Parents: the nudity, drug use, continual profanity, and extreme violence would make this a bad choice for kids under 13.  Otherwise, see "Die Hard" ASAP! Overall Rating:   *** Worth 9 out of 10 dollars ***
9 Sandra Bullock plays Gracie Hart a tomboy FBI agent who goes undercover as a beauty contest in order to catch a criminal who is planing a bomb in the contest. Now going by Gracie Lou Freebush she must try and protect the other contests from the bomber who threatens the contest. But who is the mastermind of it all.Bottom line its a funny movie. Sandra Bullock was hilarious as Gracie Hart who goes through a makeover as she acts like a guy by the way she walks and talks and Micheal Caine has to train Sandra Bullock as a beauty queen as he plucks and dips her and she has to learn how to walk in high heel shoes that was funny where she tries to walk in them and walk properly.Also starring Benjamin Bratt, its a great film but...........its predicable. You know from the second or third act who the mastermind is who is responsible for threatening the bomb and yeah its very predicable.Keep an eye out for the girl Heather Burns who plays one of the beauty pageants and was also in You've Got Mail as Meg Ryan's buddy.6.2/10
9 I loved it. Its a little bit splatter movie, but I couldn´t help laughing. I could see it again.
9 "Amadeus", while historically inaccurate in numerous ways, is a brilliant film.  Its central character is not a man but an attribute of man at his most remarkable: genius.  Mozart's genius was at the highest level, on par with Shakespeare, Michelangelo and Balanchine.  Forman knew this when he undertook translating Peter Shaffer's play.  Although most of the acting is on a very high plane, the actors themselves are not top tier, not should they be.  A famous, easily recognizable actor would have detracted from the central thesis that genius is greater than the one on whom it has been entrusted.  Mozart was, of course, deeper than the character shown in the movie, but no personal life could equal the extent and depth of the musical genius that flowed from this little man.  The letters he sent to his father show a remarkable sensitivity and depth of understanding.  However, they are not paradigms of literary greatness.  The immense contribution of W. A. Mozart lay in some of the most sublime music ever written.  Fortunately, the film gave us snippets of some of the real gems in the Mozart canon: the great C Minor Mass, the Requiem and "Don Giovanni".  Forman realized that no human being will ever be great enough or have the background to pen such masterpieces without intervention from elsewhere.  This is certainly true of Shakespeare as well.  So what we have here, ultimately, is a celebration of genius, that great gift to mankind that nearly always proves to be too much for the person who is chosen to manifest it to the rest of us.  Many thanks to Milos Forman for the wisdom to keep out of the way and allow genius to shine through.  In that sense, "Amadeus" is an exercise in humility.  Few films come across as blessings for those who experience them.  "Amadeus" is one such film.
9 Ingmar Bergman's WILD STRAWBERRIES, on the Criterion DVD version, is nothing short of stunning. Picture, sound and English Subtitles have never been as fine as seen here. Having viewed this 1957 film during its first U.S. release in 1959, when I was 21 years-old, it was quite involving to return to it 43 years later. Like the Professor of the story, I too often reflect upon choice made along lifes path and wonder what might have been if different choices had been made. Victor Sjostron as Proffesor Isak Borg gives the performance of a life-time! What a magnificent face this man had! Bergman films can be quite dark and depressing, but his THE SEVENTH SEAL and WILD STRAWBERRIES are marvelous, thought-provoking dramas that lift the spirit. BEWARE: There are two other DVD releases, one from Asia and one from Brazil -- but neither of these have been cleaned up like the Criterion version. The sound for instance -- I have seen the dream sequence at the beginning of the film when the Professor walks through empty streets, sees handless clocks, a carriage carrying a casket with his body -- a scene with almost complete silence,BUT prints on 16mm, VHS and even Laser Disc all contain a great deal of surface noise. In the Criterion version, the silence is almost complete. And the picture is perfection -- blacks & whites that sparkle and no film blemishes or dirt-- a picture that is a wonder to behold. Peter Cowie's Commentary is outstanding and very worth while. The 90 Documentary from Swedish Television, INGMAR BERGMAN ON LIFE AND WORK is quite fascinating. Bergman, then in his early 80's, is very articulate and thoughtful in his discussion. Over the years Bergman has come to the conclusion that when we die we are no more -- and he has stated that conclusion gives him great peace. BUT his conversation in this documentary puts a wrinkle in his conclusion. He speaks of his final marriage to a woman for over 20 years and of her passing. He can not believe that SHE does not exist anymore. He often has the feeling that she is near him and that she still influences decisions he makes. He can accept not being for himself but not for her. Bergman is getting closer to the truth then he realizes. . . death is not the end -- but only the beginning. When he finally passes from this early life and finds that he still "is" -- I wonder if he'll wish he could change the focus of his later film work. Be that as it may -- WILD STRAWBERRIES and THE SEVENTH SEAL are two of the finest films of the last century -- in my humble opinion.
9 This is absolutely the finest film Charlie Chaplin ever made-which, considering the overall quality of his work, says a great deal for the quality of the film.  Genius is a much over-used word, but in Chaplin's case, it's use is apt.  This is one of the classics of cinema and one of the greatest films ever made!  The scenes in the factory are hilarious. You have got to see this film!  Most joyously, totally and highly RECOMMENDED!!!!!
9 70's suspenseful, eerie thriller. We watched all of these in one night. Smart person's "horror". Wish there were more shows like this. There are, but need to sift thru the garbage to find.
9 Beauty and the Beast is an engaging movie with so much care and beauty fused into its core. Beauty is much more than just an influential animated classic. It is a grand and powerful fable, sugar coated with the best animation effort in a time where CGI was becoming a movie mainstay. In its finest moments, Beauty is a rousing musical, making your head move and getting caught up right in the mix. The score is unforgettable and the characters are so easy to get into. A movie that children and adults alike will love, Disney deserved its Academy Award nominations for creating such a joy.Small town Belle longs for more than a local life, maintaining her imagination through books and taking care of her kind, yet eccentric father. But when their horse returns without papa, Belle sets out to find the awful truth in an enchanted castle.You can see that so much time and care was spent in drawing this masterpiece. I cannot think of many other movies that show such meticulous background and animation. That such effort is woven effortlessly into its songs that make Beauty and the Beast the timeless classic Disney rightfully lauds itself over. 'Be Our Guest,' 'Beauty and the Beast,' 'Gaston,' you will be humming these songs at one point in your your life! Kudos to Disney for creating a charismatic, attractive villain in Gaston. He would not be a villain if he was not such a jerk. You must watch this movie at least once in your life, in a comfortable sofa and with the sound turned right up for the Broadway scores. You will enjoy it!
9 This must be one of the greatest movies of all time. I found myself almost in a state of shock during the whole movie. Everything was perfect. The story was great, the filming was pure genius and the effects directly from another dimension.I don't think any movie after this one have gotten so much out of the available effects of the time as this one. Nowadays they have super computers generating special effects. Sure they look good, but it's no big deal making them. Back in 1926 computers weren't even invented yet, all effects had to be done by hand or in simple editing. And when you take a look at all the thins that have been done in this movie, it's impossible not to get impressed. Huge buildings, explosions, flooding, picture phones (however did he come up with the very idea?), transformation sequences, robots and so on. No movie has ever pulled the limits of special effects as much as this one. Star Wars and Jurassic Park are also known as limit pullers in special effects, but they don't even come close.Then you have the filming. Everything is perfect. The use of body language is tremendous, the light setting perfect, everything well timed and perfectly captured by the camera. I've never been witness to such a treat in filming other places.And the story!!! Perfect in every detail. Intriguing, exciting and thrilling with lots of religious undertones and tyranic leaders. No wonder Hitler liked this movie...I don't know how the original music of the film was, but the new music for the restored 139 minute version I saw was really good and moodseting.All in all. This is one of the most perfect movies of all time, and it deserves anything it can get. Never has a 10/10 been as secure as for this movie...
9 Animation excellent (as usual). Characters lovable (especially Hognob). Good story. So why haven't I given it 10 (like Chicken Run and W&G)?There are fewer site-gags which has been a trademark of Aardman (or maybe they are so subtle I missed them) and the story seemed just a little too long.But hey...9 is a good score so I must have liked it.
9 When people watch the Oscars, they don't usually care about the Best Foreign Film nominees. Incendies provides so many reasons why people should actually get to see those nominees at all costs. Incendies is the kind of film that one walks away from feeling emotionally drained, one where it stays in the viewer's mind for days on end. Like an intense personal experience, it takes a lot to come to grips with the film's story, a moving plot full of twists and catharsis. At the New Directors/New Films Festival in New York, at which I saw this last night, Denis Villeneuve explained that he has made four films in Canada, but this is the first one to be released in America. Right now, I see no reason why Villeneuve, or any of the actors for that matter, shouldn't have a great future ahead of them.Based on the play Scorched by Wajdi Mouawad, Incendies follows a non-linear plot that spans two generations. In the present day, Jeanne and Simon are twins who have lost their mother, Nawal. Nawal has stipulated in her will that Jeanne and Simon must return an envelope to the brother they didn't know existed who is currently living in a fictional Middle Eastern country. Only then can the twins give Nawal a proper burial. Jeanne feels obligated to return the letter, so she goes to the Middle East, only to realize some of Nawal's nastiest secrets. As Jeanne uncovers more about Nawal, the viewer is shown Nawal's story. The film builds up to an unforgettable ending that is sure to rock any viewer.Incendies already had great source material. I've praised the plot enough, but one thing I must add is that the play is apparently four hours long, according to Villeneuve. It's impressive that this movie succeeds so nicely because I can't imagine that anything was cut. But to back up that source material, there's some really great acting. The entire cast plays their parts with such an emotional vigor that it seems impossible that this work of art wasn't autobiographical.Furthermore, Villeneuve has made a film that relies on great filmmaking to impact the viewer. The cinematography is beautifully bland, surely a nod to some of the deserts in the Lebanon- like land where the movie takes place. Color scheme is also used to Villeneuve's advantage to show the parallels between Nawal and Jeanne's lives. Villeneuve seems to love working with extended zoom shots that shock the viewer with their overwhelmingly long silences. Why Villeneuve didn't receive critical acclaim (in America, at least) before Incendies is a mystery.There are many movies about the Middle East. Some have failed miserably in their attempts to strike an emotional chord with critics and viewers alike (Redacted, Rendition), but others have been extremely successful (The Hurt Locker, Lebanon). Incendies could very well be one of the best films ever made about the conflicts in the Middle East. It has its flaws which keep it from being a masterpiece (maybe it could've lost five or ten minutes), but it is that rare type of film that really resonates beyond the initial viewing. Hopefully, Incendies will be remembered for years to come as the little, brilliant film that spawned the great fame of Denis Villeneuve.
9 I was fortunate enough to catch Pan's Labyrinth last night as part of the 'Fright Fest' programme in London and was completely blown away. Guillermo Del Toro himself was present to both introduce the movie and to answer questions afterwards. He spoke very passionately about the film, and it was easy to see why. Guillermo Del Toro has created something very special - part war movie, part fantasy, that everyone should see. The film features a fantastic performance by Sergi Lopez as Captain Vidal and as central character Ofelia, newcomer Ivana Baquero delivers the performance of a seasoned veteran. If you are the type of person who is put off by subtitled movies, don't be. This is a very 'visual' film that does not rely overly on dialogue. This does not open until 24 November in the UK and 29 December in the USA but already I am looking forward to seeing it again (and buying the Special Edition DVD).This is the first time I've felt the need to write a review on here. Do yourselves a favour and go and watch it on the big screen.
9 Vertigo divides audiences more than any other Hitchcock film.For one critic it is "one of the four or five most profound and beautiful films the cinema has yet given us." A poll of 150 international critics has three times voted it the second greatest movie ever made (after Citizen Kane). However, many viewers find it a crashing bore.I have sympathy for both camps.Vertigo is the film in which Hitchcock comes closest to dealing directly with his own personal demons. The surface story makes no sense by itself and only works if you respond to the powerful undercurrents in its subtext. But Hitchcock still has to get the surface story right. It must fully embody the subtext and engage with its audience. For many people, it doesn't quite do either.The prologue leaves Scottie hanging over an abyss. By not showing his rescue, Hitchcock effectively leaves him hanging there for the rest of the movie and his vertigo becomes a metaphor for his spiritual condition; he is poised between a longing for life and a longing for death. In rejecting the (real) life-affirming Midge and in his infatuation with the (illusory) death-obsessed Madeleine, he makes his fateful choice.However, the prologue also supports a literal interpretation of his vertigo and the next scene doesn't really establish that Scottie's problems go deeper than his understandable fear of heights. We learn that he and Midge were once lovers but there is no follow through that explains why he broke off the relationship or why he becomes besotted with what we later learn is just a fantasy women.The next scene, with Elster, is even more unfortunate and its defects reverberate throughout the movie. Elster could have been depicted as a sort of Mephistopheles, who sees Scottie's weakness and tempts him to his doom. In fact, he is thinly-sketched and is just a device for kicking off the story.More crucially, he tells Scottie too much about Madeleine's obsession with Carlotta. This virtually forces Scottie into being the level-headed sceptic and makes his subsequent neurotic behaviour even more arbitrary and difficult to believe. It also undermines the ten-minute wordless sequence of Scottie trailing Madeleine around San Francisco.If Elster has simply asked Scottie to investigate his wife's aimless wandering, we would have started out expecting something mundane (like an affair) only to be drawn into the much more intriguing mystery of her identification with Carlotta and her apparent sleepwalk towards suicide. As it is, the sequence merely confirms what Elster has already told us and often tries the patience of the audience. For many, the picture never recovers.Moreover, because Scottie's character is under-developed (and Stewart's performance is unable to realise what the story implies) the rest of the movie can be viewed as the tale of an ordinary man who becomes infatuated with an attractive, troubled, woman whose life he has saved. The shadow of Carlotta then becomes an incidental detail and we get only a weak sense that Scottie's love is an unhealthy obsession. His eventual break-down is then under-motivated and seems imposed on the picture rather than being integral to its structure (a feeling reinforced by Hitchcock's decision to present it in an abstract, symbolic way).I don't view Vertigo in this way, but I can sympathise with those that do.With Scottie's breakdown, the picture reaches a second turning point. When Midge walks down the hospital corridor and the screen fades to black, it feels as if the movie is over. Of course it isn't and what happens next is crucial. Nothing up to that point makes any sense without it. But a second structural flaw immediately emerges. We are three-quarters of the way through the movie but only half-way through the story. Just when Vertigo needs time to re-engage our interest after the false ending it suddenly accelerates.We get a montage that establishes Scottie's continuing obsession with Madeleine, then he spots Judy, follows her home and we are immediately plunged into a flashback that 'explains' the plot. This meeting needed much better preparation and the subsequent relationship needed more time to develop.By revealing the plot twist so early, Hitchcock is inviting us to see how self-defeating Scottie's neurotic behaviour really is: in recreating Madeleine he is inevitably destroying his own illusions. But he rushes through this process. We have no time to get to know the real Judy before we are confronted with Scottie's bizarre plan to transform her. Then, at the very moment the transformation is complete, Scottie immediately spots the deception so the picture gallops to its climax and then slams to a halt.As a good professional, Hitchcock was wary about letting any of his pictures run over two hours, but if he wanted to impose this discipline on himself, then he should have been more ruthless in pruning the first half of the story. In fact, he should have just accepted that this story couldn't be told effectively in two hours and have let it run on longer.We rightly admire Hitchcock's movies for their great set pieces, but tend to overlook their fragile story sense and relatively weak dramatic structure. Mostly, that didn't matter, but in an ambitious picture like Vertigo it is a fatal flaw.There is much more to Vertigo than its detractors acknowledge, but it is far from being the near-perfect masterpiece that its most fervent admirers would have us believe.
9 Ford stars as Indiana Jones, an archaeologist adventurer, who spends his time traveling all over the world through jungles, deserts, oceans, and caverns in search for hidden treasureslike the priceless long-lost Ark of the Covenant (the Hebrew sacred artifact that held the supposed Ten Commandments). Unfortunately, a group of treasure-hungry Nazis wants it too, having heard that any army who wins it would receive supernatural powers With his trademark hat, whip, leather jacket, and pistol for backup, our stubborn, intelligent, determined and loyal hero escapes innumerable dangers, evades multiple obstacles including fearsome thugs in a busy Cairo bazaar, and hangs underneath a fast-moving truck in an exciting chase through a road These are only some of the film's incredible set pieces Steven Spielberg likable hero is not invincible, though, facing impossible odds, capable of getting beaten, struck violently, heart broken, and falling asleep after the first kiss The villainsespecially Indy's suave and cultured French rival wearing a Panama hat and white suits, Rene Belloq (Paul Freeman)are not really that much different from him, except in their motivation The shrill heroine, Marion (Karen Allen)is not the girl always in discomfort either, but a resourceful, dynamic and formidable woman who doesn't require the hero at all "Raiders of the Lost Arc" is a perfect package of unforgettable scenes, countless action, humor, astonishing technical effects, thrilling sequences, and terrific performances It was followed by three fun sequels
9 This film deserves to be on anyone's list of top films. My problem is that it is so perfect, so seamlessly polished, it is hard to appreciate the individual excellences.The acting is top notch. I believe that monologue acting is quite a bit simpler than real reactive ensemble acting. Most of what we see today is monologues pretending to be conversations. But in this film, we have utter mastery of throwing emotions. Once the air becomes filled with human essence, it is hard to not get soaked ourselves as the camera moves through the thick atmosphere. Yes, there are slight differences in how each actor projects (Fonda internally, Balsam completely on his skin...) but the ensemble presents one vision to the audience.The writing is snappy too. You can tell it was worked and worked and worried, going through several generations. It is easy to be mesmerized by this writing and acting, and miss the rare accomplishment of the camera-work. This camera is so fluid, you forget you are in one room. It moves from being a human observer, to being omniscient, to being a target. It is smart enough to seldom center on the element of most importance, so expands the field to all men.This is very hard. Very hard, to make the camera human. So much easier to do what we see today -- acknowledge the machinery and jigger with it. Do we have a filmmaker today who could do this?Ted's Evaluation -- 4 of 3: Every cineliterate person should experience this.
9 Think back....how many movies with the terrorists in focus or the bomb blasts have been made in the past few years !! I am sure you would not be disappointed by your memory :) Even a recluse can name a few, to say the least. Then where does this new movie "A Wednesday " strike a different chord ? Well the suspense is all out there for you to watch and figure out yourself !!.I have always firmly believed that there are more chances of a movie being a hit if the person who writes and conceptualizes it also directs it.The case here is the same.Debutant director Neeraj Pandey has done an excellent job. This is one of the best movies I have seen off late...the reason being that the movie is very fast paced and does not slack or slow down at any point.It engrosses the viewer in such a magical fashion that the intermission also seems irritating (you pray that it gets over soon)...The backdrop of the story is not something different but the way it has been presented simply leaves you spell-bound.Not to forget the wonderful acting by Naseeruddin Shah ,Anupam Kher,Jimmy Shergill and all the other characters.This is a complete entertainment package for viewers of all age groups and has been made very intelligently and meticulously (no loose strings in the story :) ) It is short (just 1hour 40 minutes) but truly a masterpiece !!! Go watch it :)
9 Good job Tyler and Taraji. From this movie it was clear that Robert's strong belief in his education made him irresponsible. Robert always had an excuse of the "battery". Probably Melinda had to make the relationship work just like any other young girl, but it hurt to see her not supported enough by Robert. The least he could do is pretend with a job while at school to suprise his girl. Because he waited so long for a big opportunity, he had to first catchup with any job before he got the "JOB". The tendency for guys to give the what is meant for their wives to other women pissed me off.
9 This was Kurosawa's first big international hit, from then on his films would be avidly watched and (usually) feted as Art. His style was always so breathtakingly simple that you can't help but get sucked into the rainy and sunny bestial world depicted in here, with a beautiful use of the black and white nitrate film stock contrasting against a sordid storyline. I've probably seen it 10 times now over the decades and it seems to get better every time I settle down to it - it's been a continual treat.A horror story from a few days previous is recounted on a ferociously wet day: beautiful woman is (apparently) raped by animalistic bandit in front of her husband who is then (apparently) murdered. But who really did what to who and why? It's told from four viewpoints: the bandit's, the honourable woman's, the heroic dead husband's via a rather startling medium and lastly a breathless version from a timid eye-witness. The event becomes a crime scene with the beauty of forest surrounding us and splintered sunlight beaming down on us through the trees bearing mute witness to the savage few moments. It's a salutary lesson in Human Beings vs Objectivity; the psychologies of the main protagonists are laid bare, as well as the story-tellers, even to Kurosawa and the viewers themselves. Who's telling the truth/ was it a mixture of all versions/ was there another truth untold? Only you can decide!I urge all innocent bystanders who have a problem with b&w non-HD 4:3 subtitled Japanese films from 1950 to try to get over it! Because it's a riveting journey, expertly handled by probably the best film director who's ever lived, all subjective of course.
9 It's a fantastic audio-visual journey that takes you into a world of medieval fantasies full of all the classical elements but with fresh stories and views. If you enjoy the work of Paolo Sorrentino (2013 Oscar for "La grande bellezza") you will love this film for it's masterful craft of building a world within. Only Salma Hayek delivers a disappointing performance: Stiff and uninspired. Pictures, music as well as sound design and costumes (not to mention the practical effects) are all stunning! Italy (with the help of France and the UK) delivers once again a masterpiece on the very tight budget of only 12 million uros while the rest of European cinema is sleeping.
9 There are a few movies that entertain, there are a few movies that give message and then there are a few movies that you can relate to. A Wednesday is definitely one such movie.The story revolves around an anonymous man (Shah) who calls up the commissioner of police (Kher) and informs him about the bombs that he has placed. Bomb blast is something that I personally am scared of. It had ripped Mumbai in 1993 and then in local train and bus. Only people stood by each other. It followed thru out the country. And what can one common man do? . The story line is fantastic. Its hard to believe that this is Neeraj Pandey's first movie and he has taken a gigantic leap without including any songs. The movie itself is only one and a half hours - half of what Bollywood movies usually are. Then he has not shown the police administration either as corrupt or the bookish kind of honest. He has probably taken the real view of police department And then the cast. Naseerudding Shah is one actor who can crawl under the skin of any character. Be it the coach in Iqbal or the pirate in The League of Extra-ordinary gentlemen. Then there is Anupam Kher whose acting abilities are still not tapped to the best by any director. These two stalwarts make-up this movie. And this movie does not have him in a stereo typical dads role. Aamir Bashir as Jay and Jimmy Shergill as Arif are just outstanding. Nothing in the movie is out of context. Well-acted, well-directed, well-scripted, well-executed.
9 Another hit by the Aardman team and as usual it shines a light on British attitudes.The characterizations are good I didn't realise who was in the main role or played Lord Nooth until the credits came up.Some of the jokes went over the heads of the younger children in the cinema but the adults lapped it up.The football puns are brilliant, the comedy classic and the cartoon slapstick superb.Don't quote it for historical accuracy.Too short.
9 I was extremely lucky to get the chance to see this film upon its first day release, before entering the cinema, my expectations were already high, after all, this was a film from the cinematic genius who brought us the likes of 'Inception' and 'The Dark Knight', to summarise the following review in a single sentence: I left the cinema in extreme awe from the visual masterpiece I had just viewed. A film that explores the psychological and emotional state of a man whose life revolves around his family, 'Interstellar' is a thrilling and thought-provoking film that boasts an intellectual story masterfully written by the Nolan brothers. Whilst there seems to have been influence from films like '2001: A Space Odyssey' and 'Apollo 13', 'Interstellar' is unique in its own way. Whilst the subject may be hard to comprehend at times, it can't be denied how visually monumental and thoughtful Christopher Nolan's epic science fiction masterpiece is, and can easily be named the best film of this year and possibly one of the greatest science fiction films to have ever graced the screen. A sheer brilliant feat of cinema.
9 Hitchcock at his sharpest. Art and commerce in a delicious salad with all the right ingredients. A brisk screenplay by Ernest Lehman a Cary Grant that is just pure delight, Eva Marie Saint fresh out of her Oscar from "On the Waterfront" is an icy blonde with a brain. James Mason, the ultimate foreign sinister not to mention Jessie Royce Landis and Hitchcock brings Bernard Herrmann to wrap it all up in one of the most infectious scores imaginable. A real treat.
9 First of all, what a cast! Fonda doesn't seem like much of a New Yorker, but the rest of the cast reads like a Who's Who in New York movies. All of them except Sweeney and Voscovek went on to lengthy careers in character and support roles.The plot comes from a TV show and is very tightly written. There's hardly a wasted word or an unnecessary gesture. This has its drawbacks because it imposes a dramatic frame on the characters and the development. There's not much sense of "real life" here. Everything fits together too neatly for that. But if events follow earlier events with a logic that is a bit obvious, it's forgivable because the screenplay is done so well. Like "Stagecoach," it may be mechanical but it's as finely tuned as a good wristwatch.Also more or less unavoidable in a short movie dealing with a dozen often conflicting characters is the reduction in their complexity. Each is a stereotype. They practically wear sweatshirts with logos on them. "I AM A SHALLOW AD MAN." "BORED MARMALADE SALESMAN HERE." "KICK ME, I AM AN IGNORANT RACIST." They are capable of changing their opinions but they show only one side of their characters.A third unfortunate quality in the script is that it is imbued with what Tom Wolfe referred to as "nostalgie de la bou" -- a kind of admiration for the lowbrow. Pauline Kael made the same observation back in the early 60s in an essay called "Fantasies of the Art House Audience." What it boils down to is a dislike of the middle-class. Fonda is an architect, a professional. The other good guys in the movie are members of minority groups or ordinary working stiffs with slum backgrounds. The two most repulsive villains (Ed Begley and Lee J. Cobb) are self-made men who run their own successful businesses. The rufescent Begley has a line, something like, "I got ten factories going to pot while we're talking' here." Cobb brags about how he built up his delivery business starting out with nothing. A third dummy is a SALESMAN -- of marmalade! (Yukk.)Okay. That gets pretty much all of the weaknesses out of the way. The pluses outweigh the minuses by exactly two short tons. The acting is almost impossible to improve upon, not surprisingly. It's unfair to single out Jack Warden and Martin Balsam for their performances but I'll do it anyway.The photography, by Boris Kaufman, is perceptive and adds to the tension, the feeling of claustrophobia. Especially memorable is the scene in which most of the jurors are standing together, there is a rumble of thunder, and a shadow falls gloomily over the group. It's a small touch but palpable.Lumet manages to suggest New York City effectively in this crowded room, practically the only set. (There is a shot at the end that is done on the steps of the real Courthouse.) Lumet's direction makes the most of his actors' talents. The pauses in their arguments last just long enough for us to take a few breaths.Rose's script avoids an easy ending. Yes, there is reasonable doubt enough for the verdict to turn out as it does, but there is no dramatic introduction of crucial evidence to demonstrate that the defendant is innocent. Did he do it? We don't know. Suppose the kid actually did it and gets away with it? Fonda is twice challenged on that point -- once at the table and once in the men's room -- and in neither instance does he have a reply.Overall, it's a marvelous movie, a lesson in acting, directing, writing, and shooting. The recent updated version has been made politically correct but is not an improvement over this original. See it if you have the chance.
9 This is probably the best crime thriller I've seen since "Insomnia," and contains the most haunting climax of any serial killer flick since "Seven." But like most films reaching for greatness, this is most admirable for its striking details.The filmmakers here craft a taut, careful, and delicately strung together motion picture that relishes in its amazing development of mood, place, and character.First, the mood: Haunting cinematography (rain falling on a small village at night, shadows darting across a thick field of grass, figures lurking in the woods, a masterfully choreographed hot pursuit scene on foot), a poignant music score (aided by the creepy use of a Korean pop song that accompanies each murder), and no-nonsense direction (peppered with fabulous doses of comic relief--how Shakespearan!) keep the film more and more intriguing at each turn and fascinating to watch.Second, the place: South Korea, circa the late 1980's, and apparently under some sort of militia rule. This is inspired by the true story of Korea's first publicized (and still unsolved) serial killer case. This unique time and place serves as a wonderful respite from the typical American big-city setting of so many other films of this ilk.Finally, the character development: The small details revealing the haunted souls of the detectives on the case is nothing short of brilliant. Witness the tiny executions of minutae: The cloth one rogue cop wraps around his boot so as not to leave scars when he kick-boxes suspects into submission, the harried chief of police checking his own blood pressure while trying to keep his off-the-cuff detectives in line or fighting to keep headline-starved reporters at bay, the young female officer desperately trying to showcase her abilities in crime solving between serving the chauvinistic detectives cups of fresh coffee, the outsider detective from Seoul's insistence that documents never lie (and the brutal irony at the climax that challenges his entire sense of being), and the main village detective's scathing speech on the difference between American FBI agents and Koren policemen. The beauty is in the details, and this film, like all the great ones, revels in their uncovering.One flaw is that some might find the film a bit long in the tooth, but this is not to be missed for fans of serial killer thrillers and police procedural movies. For the Korean filmmakers, and the amazing cast...this is their master stroke.
9 The year I was born was the same year Predator and Robocop came out. When I was finally old enough to appreciate films, Little Nicky was in theaters. I know, believe me, I know; rocky start. And often I would watch older films, or specials on older films, and be dazzled. You know the ones. Remember when they made Spartacus? Remember sitting in the movies and watching Gregory Peck play Atticus Finch in To Kill A Mockingbird? Remember the first time you heard "I could've been a contender" through theater speakers? Well I sure as hell don't. But I'll tell you what, now I feel somewhat caught up. Let's begin with the obvious. Daniel Day Lewis. No one's arguing about this. The man is a veritable God among ants on the screen. He takes his role by the reigns and I don't doubt him for a second. In fact, at times, I was downright afraid of the man. Lewis gives what is easily, EASILY the best performance of the past five years. But let's get serious about it. Lewis' Daniel Plainview is the most convincing, awe-inspiring, and downright mortifying character to take the big screen that I can remember. Here, perfectly in his element and at his best, Lewis could go toe to toe with Brando and Kinski, playing a part that oozes enough skill and pathos to earn him a place among Hollywood's, and perhaps the world's, greatest performances of all time. He gives those of us who missed out on the craft, depth of character, and technique of classic cinema a chance to admire a tour de force portrayal of a memorable, identifiable, and completely despicable character, and it's so damned refreshing that I can't stop singing the man's praises. Paul Dano has been taking a lot of fire for this whole thing. People continue to spout their disapproval of the film's casting, saying that Dano has no business rivaling the seasoned Lewis on the screen. Listen, lay down your swords a minute and consider the obvious. The guy was cast opposite the performance of the decade, he's not going to outshine Lewis and you'd be crazy to expect him to. In fact, I think that he and Lewis' back-and-forths are the films highlights, as we see the juxtaposition not only in the characters themselves, but also in their acting techniques. And the cinematography? Welcome to the old days of film. The glory days of Hollywood. Anderson gives us one of the most beautifully shot and directed films in recent memory, truly at the top of his craft on this one. Every moment feels more epic than the last, until the film becomes such a towering cinematic spectacle that the end leaves the viewer exhausted. It's truly an experience not to be missed. Yeah, we missed out on A Street Car Named Desire. And Casablanca isn't gonna be in theaters again any time soon. But in the meantime, There Will Be Blood is just about as good, and will likely haunt our generation as much as the Hollywood studio epics of the past...
9 Greetings again from the darkness. Faith. A word that easily could have been the title of this gripping and heart-wrenching film. Faith can be defined as trust and belief. Faith can also be defined as religion and ideology. Few things are more devastating than broken faith  the core of this "based on actual events" story of The Boston Globe's exposure of rampant child molestation by dozens of Catholic priests, and the systematic cover-up by "The Church".It's challenging to name a movie that is as well-made as this one, while also being as difficult to watch. We know the story  we even know how it snow-balled globally  but the raw emotions of disgust and sheer anger permeate much of our being as we watch it unfold on screen. Director Tom McCarthy (The Station Agent, The Visitor) co-wrote the script with Josh Singer (The Fifth Estate) and it's worthy of favorable comparison to other investigative newspaper films like The Insider (1999), Zodiac (2007), and even the granddaddy of them all  All The President's Men (1976).The opening scene takes place in a 1976 Boston police station. A priest has been accused of molesting a child. Within a couple of minutes we witness the empty promises, the intimidation, and the cover up. So much is conveyed in this brief opener, not the least of which comes courtesy of the ambivalence of the veteran cop as he shrugs it off as 'just another day' in front of an idealistic rookie cop. This is accompanied by Howard Shore's spot-on score, with the best parts featuring only a piano and bass.Flash forward to 2001 as we meet the investigative journalist team called "Spotlight". It's led by editor Walter "Robby" Robinson (Michael Keaton) and his three reporters: Mike Rezendes (Mark Ruffalo), Sacha Pfieffer (Rachel McAdams), and Matt Carroll (Brian d'Arcy James). They report to Ben Bradlee Jr (John Slattery), whose father was the editor of The Washington Post during the Woodward/Bernstein/Watergate era. New to The Globe is managing editor Marty Baron (Liev Schreiber). Unlike the others, Mr. Baron is neither a Boston local nor a Catholic. In fact, we catch him reading Dan Shaughnessy's book "The Curse of the Bambino", just so he can get a better feel for the community and its people.What is most fascinating about the movie is that it focuses on the investigative aspects – just how diligent the reporters were in putting the story together – and how fluid the process was  the story led them, not vice versa. There was no media agenda to "get" the church. Instead, the reporters experienced natural shock as each piece of the puzzle was discovered. One of their key sources was a priest-turned-psychologist (voiced by Richard Jenkins) who helped them put scope to the numbers. Another was Phil Saviano (Neal Huff), the leader of a victim's group, who had tried before to provide documentation to the press. Saviano is the perfect example of how someone so passionate about a cause can be viewed with such skepticism  right up to the point when they are proved correct. Three attorneys add perspective to the cover-up. Eric Macleish (Billy Crudup) made a career of settling cases (and silencing victims) for the church. Mitchell Garabedian (Stanley Tucci) is the polar opposite – he fights vigorously to get the victims heard, while Jim Sullivan (Jamey Sheridan) is caught in the middle – settling cases for the church and struggling with his conscience. Other interesting characters include Paul Guilfoyle as Pete Conley, a smooth-talking power-broker for the church, and Len Cariou as Cardinal Law – the man at the top who eventually apologized and was rewarded with a high-ranking position at The Vatican.The film is so well crafted and acted that it features more than a few "best scenes". Sacha has a brief encounter with a former priest on his front door stoop. The priest freely admits to molesting kids and his rationalization will certainly deliver chills to most any viewer. Since this is Boston, it makes perfect sense for the reporters to be so distracted by the story, that it supersedes the Red Sox game they are attending at Fenway Park. Being that the investigation lasted well into 2001, it's quite informative to watch a news agency shift directions for the September 11 tragedy, and along with the nation, put all else on hold. Finally, there is a point in the movie where we as viewers have just about had our fill of extreme emotions – we either need to hit something or throw up – and reporter Rezendes comes through with exactly what is needed: an emotional outburst and release of exasperation rivaling anything previously seen on screen. It's a wonderful moment for Ruffalo as an actor, and a peak moment for viewers.The story hit the front page of The Boston Globe in January 2002. The paper won a Pulitzer Prize in 2003 for its superlative investigative journalism. The report vindicated so many who had been taken advantage of, and exposed the colossal arrogance of the church. The innocence of a child vs the power of God. The story broke the faith that so many once held, and started a global (as evidenced by the closing credits) reckoning and awakening that was desperately needed. The film offers a line of dialogue, "It takes a village to raise a kid  or abuse one." In other words, it took the often silent actions of so many to allow this despicably evil horror to continue. In a tribute to the newspaper profession, it took a small group of dedicated reporters to pull back a curtain that should never again be shut. Let's have faith in that.
9 Aamir Khan shines in the role of Mahavir Singh Phogat. He is so outstanding in his performance that this could be considered as one of his best works ever. The opening scene of the film is just a glimpse of Phogat's passion for the sport – wrestling. The first half of Dangal works exactly like a skilled wrestler – invariably sure of its moves. The film's second half is all about victory. Mahavir's transformation from the once upset father of a baby girl to the most triumphant one to Geeta's string of losses before she finally wins a gold during Common Wealth Games to desi akhara being replaced by wrestling mat – every moment works in contrast to what you had watched earlier. But not even once does the film loses its focus.A word here about Mukesh Chhabra's casting: he has done a tremendous job of the casting. Nitesh Tiwari's direction is amazingly terrific. AmitabhBhattacharya's lyrics are great. Pritam's music is in terrific sync with the mood of the drama. 'Dangal dangal' is a very inspiring song and will soon become a rage. 'Dhaakad' and 'Haanikarak' are also very well-tuned. The 'Gilehariyaan' song has terrific charm of a different kind. Amitabh Bhattacharya's lyrics are great. The song writer may pick up some awards for his lyrics. Bosco- Caesar's choreography is very real. Pritam's background music deserves distinction marks. The actors who play the young Geeta and Babita (Zaira Wasim, Suhani Bhatnagar) do a competent job of maintaining the audiences attention. And both Shaikh and Malhotra carry it forward, especially when they spend a lot of the second half on the mat, learning how to lose, and, above all, to win. Since it encapsulates the historic win of the phogats who bought India glory so it is bound to inspire women. Dialogues are absolute gems. Without being overtly long, they are so effective that they invariably touch the heart before reaching the ears. On the whole, Dangal is not just a movie; it is an experience to be cherished. The film is destined to be one of the biggest blockbusters of Indian cinema.As it content oriented so The movie is both for the single screens as well as for the multiplexes and people of all age can watch.so this movie is a must watch. So I Rate it 10 stars out of 10 because I was thinking movie deserves it.I usually don't rate any movie 10 but This movie "HatsOff". Don't Expect a better story than this.Finest piece.Dangal hai yeh.
9 Love is the one thing that transcends time and space... New creation of Christopher Nolan's genius, whose name is now known to everyone. His films are waiting with a special look, because it offers something that every day, unfortunately, less and less can be found in the world of mass cinema - an interesting spectacle, filled with meaning, ideas and emotions. At this time, Christopher decided to send us not to the world of dreams, and even not on the dark streets of Gotham City. No, now he send us to the journey to, and perhaps beyond the boundaries of the possible and impossible, through the curvature of space and time, in other worlds. And you won't forget this trip, this can be assured. I was madly waiting for Interstellar's release. And then, finally, I was able to see this Beauty - at the premiere in my coutry on October, 29. It was incredibly exciting. It was a delight. It was unforgettable. It was gorgeous. Nolan once again amazes the viewer's imagination by his painting. Journey to the brink of infinity, the line where humanity has never set, acts as either the first-born purpose and a background of emotional history about the father and the daughter. A loving father who mankind need to help, but that he should leave his children, and a loving daughter who doesn't want to let her dad in the infinity darkness. Starting from the very first frame and ending with the closing credits, a new picture of Nolan will absorb you completely, forcing stare at the screen during the whole action, because it's all so exciting and interesting that escape becomes physically impossible. No, this three hours won't fly quickly for you. You'll feel every emotion, every event, every character. You will not look how the main characters travel through the universe, because the movie experience in this film is so excellent that you will be on board of "Endurance" starship and travel between the worlds with the main characters by yourself.The emotional core of this story is the relationship of Matthew McConaughey's character and his daughter - Mackenzie Foy' and Jessica Chastain' character. And the acting work of these three artists in "Interstellar" impress the most. McConaughey was acting really great, and this is one of the most emotional, if not the most emotional role of his life. All the drama and tragedy of the relationship of father and daughter in this film will not leave anyone indifferent. Anne Hathaway, Wes Bentley, Michael Caine, Casey Affleck, Ellen Burstyn and other actors also coped with their roles and presented the film's supporting characters very realistic. I would particularly like to note a small but important in this story role of Matt Damon, a character who has received quite memorable. If we talk about the characters, it should be noted also two robots that accompanied our heroes in this difficult journey. One of them adds a touch of humor in the film, which mitigates constantly depressing, dramatic, and sometimes really dark atmosphere.The script of the film is very well combined the history of space exploration and the relationship between Cooper and Murph. The story is complex and complicated, is based on real scientific theories by Kip Thorne, and indeed contains a reference to the "Space Odyssey" and other sci-fi pictures. This story about true love, about loyalty, forgiveness, fraud, hard decisions, and much more. And it is designed so that leaves a lot of room for the imagination of the viewer. It's also possible to notice some structure allusion to another Nolan's work - Inception. The story and visuals are combined just perfectly in Interstellar.Hans Zimmer's score, written by him on the basis of only one letter from Nolan, hold the key: "Once we become parents, we can't help but look at ourselves through the eyes of our children", deserves a special praise. On this basis, Hans managed to write just incredible soundtrack that perfectly harmonizes with the history and the visual side of the picture. And this work of the composer is really different from the previous ones. It is executed in a different style from another subject in its base. Very impressive work, which will be pleasantly listened again and separate from the film itself. Visual range of the picture is incredibly beautiful and circuses. The "Endurance" itself, new worlds, insanely beautiful and mysterious space, wormholes, black holes, and travel through them, folds of time and space are arranged so that is simply breathtaking. I would like to thank all those who contributed to the creation of a visual of this film. It must be seen. That mastery with which this is done, not just words. In the visual pattern also has some references to the Kubrick's "Odyssey", and they are pleasing to the eye.Many thanks to Christopher Nolan for having given us such an incredible movie, which once again proved to us that the cinema is Nolan's life. "Interstellar" is a film that wins the hearts of the audience not only with its sci-fi splendor, but also an emotional story that lies at its very heart. This film is not only about the discoveries, space exploration and the final frontier of mankind, but also about the relationship of father and daughter, who were in a difficult situation in life when one has to leave the other in the name of a goal that can not be underestimated. So, with what Nolan's genius unfolds before us this action is beyond praise. Combining the story, filled with not only real science fiction, but the true human values ​​and emotions, outstanding and very emotional performances, breathtaking visuals, epic and dramatic soundtrack, Christopher Nolan breathed the life into this film by his directing to create something truly masterpiece again. "Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night... Rage, Rage Against The Dying Of The Light."
9 As I write there are 2050 reviews of this film, so I imagine everything there is to be said is already here. That's 2050 people who cared about it enough to put finger to key, and the vast majority adding to the polarisation created by it.I don't read graphic novels, so I came in blind. The first time I saw the film it captivated me, the second and third time I saw how silly it is, but remained enchanted, and I believe that is what the movie set out to do. There is something about V which stirs the spirit, and those who place it among the greatest are simply able to overlook its faults in the way that hope springs eternal. And anger punches the air.Everyone needs a saviour, and with the aplomb of Zorro, self- sacrifice of Christ and the righteousness of Batman, V makes heroes of us all, shoulder to shoulder. It's a fantasy of the enlightened that their fellow citizens, even if at the eleventh hour, come to share that enlightenment.I cannot see how The British, and particularly Londoners like me, can watch the shots of an army of masked, smiling revolutionaries marching shoulder to shoulder through the streets of the capital amidst the architectural symbols of power and not be emotionally overwhelmed. Those scenes alone for me made the entire project worthwhile.
9 Someone recommended this movie to me, saying it was on par with "Scream". They could make Scream 76 and it would still be better than this junk. In my 43 years of being alive, I have NEVER seen a worse movie in theaters than this. And I've seen a lot of movies. I used MoviePass for this and I even felt bad I wasted their money on this movie.
9 I was expecting far worse, I loved the film; it takes me back to the old days when slasher movies was slashers, nice classical feel. Super done with a Million dollar budget in mind. I hope to see a sequel, this movie is well worth a follow up, and we need to see what he does to that Undertaker ;-)
9 So far I love this show! I used to like the Suite Life, but after its ending, I found this show was an even better replacement. So much better than awkward sitcoms from the past (such as Hannah Montana) and it is definitely geared for older teens since its main character is 18. Being 18 myself I find that the jokes are still G-rated, but just on the edge enough that young adults can fill in the blanks of the jokes (and they're actually funny believe it or not). I also think it is so much better than other sitcoms Disney channel is currently spewing out such as "Mr.Young" or "Kickin' It" as those shows are geared for preteens, have actors that are not very good, and they're not funny at all. If you're looking for the show that the Disney Channel should be clinging on to, it's Jessie. I hope it stays on air for a long time. Highly Recommended for pretty much all ages :)
9 Love!Wow.. Took me on a fantastic journey into Wales. Still contemplating what I just saw. A detective, a thriller, fantasy, else. I am lost and I love it!
9 One can't watch this without thinking of our present coming home soldiers. Consider the rampant PTSD and all the other factors that affect the lives of these young men and women. Some are maimed and some are psychologically damaged as they try to resume their lives. This film brings a portrait of three men who have left the same war, World War II, with various handicaps. One has lost his hands in an accident, one has become bitter and dissatisfied with the treatment of his fellow military comrade, and the third goes back to his wife, who has no interest in him anymore, who is only interested in a meal ticket. We get to see how war has changed these people. The handicapped man is the most obvious, as he longs for normalcy, yet watches as his family and friends drop into a depressed state, utterly aware of his limitations. They don't mean to, but they take away his humanity. He falls into the pits of depression, almost driving away the one who loves him most. The other two wrestle with their own demons. This is beautifully presented in a subtle way, without being maudlin. Of course, Hollywood requires a sappy ending. Still, the rest of the movie, including the great Hoagie Carmichael as a piano playing bar owner, stands on its own merit. I hadn't seen this movie in nearly forty years and it was a delight.
9 An arrogant French general (a superb George Macready) orders his men on a suicide mission and then has the gall to try to court marshal and execute three of them for cowardice in the face of the enemy. A former lawyer turned colonel (Kirk Douglas in his prime) is the voice of reason against gross injustice. This excellently staged and wonderfully acted production is as much an acting showcase for Douglas as it is a directorial masterstroke by a young Stanley Kubrick who adapted this to the screen from a novel based on actual accounts.Kubrick displays a great control of sound effects and camera movement in the brief but effective battle scenes that expertly depict the controlled chaos that was trench warfare during WWI. Things get juicier during the ensuing courtroom battle where the deafening disparity between the elite who propagate and profit from war and the common citizens who suffer and die in war is shown with great lucidity.Unlike later Kubrick epics, this runs at a crisp 90 minutes, though suffers briefly from a slow and awkwardly staged opening ten minutes before Douglas comes on screen. Ultimately, this holds up very well to modern scrutiny thanks to the flawlessness of Kurbick's craft, the amazing ensemble acting, and the surprising depth of its philosophical and psychological pondering. "Paths of Glory" is more anti-arrogance than anti-war, and is unapologetically sentimental and pro-soldier. As such, much can still be gleaned from its message.
9 My first epic movie to see on the big screen was Jurassic Park. I was only 8 years old and I had no idea what I was in for when I watched this movie. I was terrified but so enchanted by this world. Steven Spielberg brought back the dinosaur genre, a genre that was only used with caveman movies. Not to mention did it with incredible special effects. I remember seeing this movie for the first time and asked my mom if the dinosaurs were real or if they made giant robots. Those dinosaurs not only looked real but were absolutely terrifying. But what an adventure we took with Jurassic Park, the land where anything could happen with a crazy billionaire and upset employees who pretty much destroy the world for a nickel. One of the most memorable movies of all time that still holds up to this day, Jurassic Park is a film not to be missed.Billionaire John Hammond, has recently created Jurassic Park: a theme park populated with dinosaurs cloned from the DNA extracted from insects preserved in prehistoric amber. After a park worker is attacked by a dinosaur, Hammond's investors, demand that experts visit the park and verify that it is safe. Gennaro invites Dr. Ian Malcolm, a mathematician, while Hammond invites paleontologist Dr. Alan Grant and paleobotanist Dr. Ellie Sattler. They are joined on the island by Hammond's two grandchildren Tim and Lex. Hammond asks Malcolm, Grant, and Sattler what their thoughts are about having recreated dinosaur species. The group sets off to explore the park. The head computer programmer, Dennis Nedry, is secretly in the employ of one of InGen's corporate rivals, and has been paid to steal fertilized dinosaur embryos. During his theft, Nedry deactivates the park's security system, allowing him access to the embryo storage. The group is now parked in front of the T-Rex's cage and now they are fighting for their lives in Jurassic Park.I think one of the most memorable scenes is definitely the raptors chasing the children in the kitchen. What a tense scene that made you hold your breath the whole way through. You have to love Jeff Goldblum in this movie, when he tries to "save" the children from the T-Rex and instead pretty much gets his butt kicked, he gets saved later and as they are chased in the car by the T-Rex the only thing he can say as this giant monster is catching up faster and faster with each footstep, he says "must go faster" so calmly, how funny! But there is a moment that scares me more than the dinosaurs that I'm surprised no one noticed in the editing room, the granddaughter is scared to death screaming at Sam Neill that the lawyer left them and he replies with a dark look "that's not what I'm going to do". I responded that with "I have much darker plans for you", I mean his look was just so creepy! I digress, Jurassic Park is still a very fun movie that is the ultimate adventure. It's timeless and I can't wait to show my kids one day, what a great movie with wonderful effects and a wonderful cast and crew.9/10
9 I have always loved Vacation movies, and this one continues the tradition of laugh-out-loud humor. There are several scenes which pay homage to the original Vacation movie which was great to see. Fans of Chevy Chase will be shocked to see how much his appearance has changed, even since his role on Community ended. Ed Helms did an amazing job as a hapless father trying to give his family a great vacation, in the only way a Griswold knows how. Along the way he has to deal with his own family's quirks, his extended family, car trouble, a menacing trucker, and numerous other problems. Christina Applegate was also great as his wife, in the same straight-woman vein as Beverly D'Angelo's portrayal of Ellen in the earlier films. I saw this at a preview before it was released and it was clear from the laughter that the audience thought it was worth their time. If you grew up on the Vacation movies as I did, I think you'll love this entry too, but be prepared for outrageous situations and ridiculous scenarios.
9 Some people just won't want to sit through this film because of the overtly graphic and disturbing dog fighting scenes, which is ironic, because most people don't seem to mind the graphic violence involving the people in this film. Others simply won't watch it because of the subtitles. This is a shame, since this is by far the best film I have ever seen come out of Mexico (far better and more complex than the comparably immature "Y Tu Mama Tambien"). Here we get an intertwining tale involving dog fights, petty gangsters, a tragically injured model, a cheating husband, an abused teenage wife, and a homeless hit man. As you might expect the homeless hit man becomes the soul of the film, and the dogs serve as a link, reminding us of the violence we inflict upon each other and nature, and the fractured relationships we think beyond repair, but are actually more resilient than we could ever imagine. Brilliantly directed with a great soundtrack and a bigger heart than you might initially perceive, "Amores Perros" is a deep, thought-provoking and utterly enthralling film that you will not soon forget.
9 Frances McDormand is, without question, one of the very best actresses of hers or any generation. Wow! And like most of the greatest she goes for characters who don't ask for sympathy. The truth is in her eyes, always. So, naturally, I followed her every inch of the way. She is surrounded by a fantastic group of actors. Woody Harrelson is just extraordinary but perhaps the biggest surprise is Sam Rockwell making his one eighty not just believable but very moving. Martin McDonagh's writing is the magic potion that keeps everything together and when I say everything I mean everything. Humor and horror as if it were practically the same thing. The dialogue is brilliant and Frances McDorman deserves the last paragraph. Her face is a wonder. Superb performance. Don't miss it.
9 If you are a noir fan then this film is an absolute must see. The screenplay itself is a work of art in its charater construction, plot structure and dialogue which is delievered by an ensemble of first class actors divying up first class performances. Barbra Stanwyck as the deadly, smouldering, scheming Phyllis Dietrichson turns in a performance that is right up there with Mary Astor's Brigid O'Shaughnessy. Fred McMurray delievers a performance of a smart but desperately lovelorn patsy and Edward G. Robinson is perfect in the role of Barton Keyes and just about steals the moment every time he appears on screen.I personally love a good Noir film and this is right up there with the best of them. Billy Wilder should be proud of this work eventhough the Academy didn't see it fit to reward him for his efforts, however I personally think this film is an absolute winner.
9 This is not the Dahmer you may know. Not the infamous late part of him is what I'm trying to say. Most are aware of what this man has done and while I am generally against criminals/mass murderers/crazy individuals getting the limelight of publicity and their name known in the press, Dahmer happened a long time ago and you can't change the handling of the story in hindsight. The movie also can not change what this boy will become once he grows into an adult man.Having said that, there is always that intrigue of watching someone and trying to figure out what made him go off the rails. Maybe just so you can tell if you see someone like him and be able to stop that from happening. But in the case of Dahmer it is a lot of things that make him the person he is. And that is what makes this movie so incredible and so powerful. The directing, the acting, framing/camera work, the editing, the script ... I don't know whom to praise more. Of course because this is not really sensational, it means it won't be for everyone. It is really slow paced and is more of a drama rather than a horror movie ... something I reckon people were expecting ...
9 I hate this movie. It tells the story of a English professor who makes an an impact on his student and challenges them to take on the "man" , in this case their private school. The problem is that the teacher is treated as a angel who can do no wrong, even when he encourages his students to rip out pages of a book because he didn't agree with the author's opinions. "Be open-minded, unless you disagree with a person." seems to be be his message.The movie is heavy handed. All of the people who dislike the teacher are members of the "oppressive" leadership of the school, with the exception of the turncoat student who, as another reviewer points out, is given lines that make him look like a Neo-Nazi. Everyone who likes the teacher is good everyone who disagrees bad. Sorry the world does not work that way, sometimes bad people support good leaders, and vice versa. There was also the suicide of a student, which was not integral to the plot, and therefore seems like a pointless development, except to make the audience feel for the kid and therefore the teacher. Using a death seems like a manipulative trick on behalf of the filmmakers. Don't fall for the filmmakers' tricks. This movie is not inspirational , it is deceiving, and overbearing with it's supposed message of freedom.
9 Sin City: A dame to kill forThis 'review' will be a simple opinion, and will not contain any spoilers. ...I saw this movie yesterday, and I was a little skeptical because of all the negative reviews on the IMDb.But now I watched this movie, I can truly say I enjoyed this movie.Like I said in my summary, I don't really get all the hate this movie gets...Personally, I like this one even better than the first one.8,5 out of 10
9 You will always remember this as the movie that made Johnny Depp a superstar and almost got him an Oscar.The fact that he didn't win isn't a problem,since thanks to him this is the best pirate film ever made.The opening concept is a clichè:a beautiful woman(Keira Knightley)is kidnapped by a bunch of filthy pirates(led by Geoffrey Rush's Barbossa)and the man(Orlando Bloom)who's desperately in love with her decides to track them down.From now on,things get unexpected,as he asks another pirate for help.And it's no ordinary pirate:it's Captain Jack Sparrow(Johnny Depp),a lying,cheating,but charismatic scumbag,the hardest man on Earth to predict,not to mention quite unlucky and clumsy("You are,with no doubt,the worst pirate I've ever heard of" "But you HAVE heard of me!").It's got all the elements of a classic pirate movie,elements that would give this flick a 9/10.So,why am I giving it a 10/10? The answer is simple:Captain Jack.From the moment he makes his entrance,justly included in the Empire Top 10 Entrances of all time,we know he's the reason people will keep watching the movie.He 's Depp's best non-Tim Burton-character ever,and I can't wait 'til he returns.See you next summer,Captain!
9 Went on Date Night with Wifey to see something else and ended up seeing this. After reading the synopsis I was not feeling to see another 'Scorned woman due to abusive husband' movie. As the movie opens that's the feel you get, but as the movie goes on, your thoughts of how the movie will continue will actually divide; as my ideas and my wife's did. Tyler really did a Fantastic job with this movie. Makes one think, Is it HER fault, is it HIS fault, is it the FAMILIES fault. After the movie it will lead many to converse about it afterwards.
9 I really liked the film. It is funny, touching, fast-paced and gives attention to all its characters. Minions don't dominate the film but are hilarious, the girls are super adorable and Gru-Dru relationships was handled a lot better than I expected. - Seen at world premiere at Annecy
9 Contains possible spoilers.First of all I should qualify this comment by saying that I am a massive fan of Scorsese - pre-Cape Fear anyway. This is definitely his masterpiece (although Goodfellas gives it a run for its money) and the finest of his collaborations with Robert De Niro. The fact that its shot in black and white works very well because it gives it an authentic feeling - sometimes its easy to forget that this film was made in 1980 and not 1940. Robert De Niro gives his all in arguably his best performance. The scene where his punches the cell wall and bangs his head against it is incredibly difficult to watch and possibly the best single piece of acting I have ever seen on film. He IS Jake La Motta for the 2 hours of this movie. The way he gets inside the psyche and mindset of a brutal cold hearted beast like La Motta is admirable to say the least and absolutely mindblowing to be honest. Yes this film can be hard to watch simply because La Motta is such an unlikeable guy and his self destructive personality is difficult to warm to. The domestic violence he inflicts on his wife is particularly hard to swallow but it's this violent and abhorrent behaviour which makes the character so compelling whilst so unlikeable.The cinematography of the fight scenes is simply amazing. On the DVD it explains that Scorsese put a fire underneath the camera lens to get the hazy appearance of some of the shots - genius. The scene which sticks in my mind most vividly is where Sugar Ray Robinson is destroying La Motta and his face explodes in a burst of blood and broken noses. The shot of La Motta's blood flying into the faces of the boxing judges is pretty gruesome, as is the shot of his blood dripping from the ropes after he loses the fight.What makes this film so powerful is the fact that is based - quite accurately - on Jake 'The Bronx Bull' La Motta's real life. He appears on some of the special features of the DVD. Now a frail, cracked faced old man, he cracks jokes and comes over as quite a charmer. But having seen his antics portrayed so convincingly by De Niro in the movie, it still isn't easy to like him.This really is a magnificent film. Superb acting from the ever brilliant De Niro and good support from Joe Pesci and Cathy Moriati complement Scorsese's stunning direction. One of my top 3 films of all time along with Amelie and Shawshank Redemption. Do not miss.
9 What a great cinematic experience it is to view Some Like It Hot. The movie provides you with a bit of everything from madcap action, screwball comedy, mob drama, and campy romance, along with a little sugar on top in sweet sensation, Marilyn Monroe. Despite the apparent weight-gain she looks visually stunning, and her close-to-home performance is worth noting as well. There are many subtexts that lie in Billy Wilder's masterpiece, including one that could very well do with Marilyn's character Sugar Kane Kowalczyk. Much like Marilyn, the lounge singing Sugar is searching for love with a decent somebody other than the player-type she often frequents (in the film's case, saxophonists). Perhaps men found this sultry misses too intimidating, making Marilyn's love-life in the real world just the same.	Another suggestive undertone could do with the abundant `crisis of masculinity' shot off in the late 1950's. Two middling male musicians (Tony Curtis and Jack Lemmon), all dragged out, seem to be granted opportunities they would never have had if remained as `men' (i.e. marrying a millionaire, accepting free trips and consolations, etc.). Is it femininity that gains all? Like Dustin Hoffman's Tootsie, it is apparent these `beauties' really weren't beauties at all; bosses-the mob and Sugar's-pick it up right away. Why the feminine gain? Do men make wiser women than younger girls?  	All rhetoric aside, Some Like It Hot's concept is a lot simpler: the men join an all girls band heading to Florida, evading the possibilities of being found as the witnesses to a gangland rubout (a.k.a. the St. Valentine's Day Massacre). Of course there are many complications for these `women' along the way, including their intense magnetism towards Sugar. Never is there a dull moment in Some Like It Hot, with quickly paced classical cutting, a wholesome variety of locations, and a brilliant screenplay much to the allure of Wilder's other treasure Sunset Boulevard. Not many movies over 40 years can hold up the laughter presented in Hot. In one of the funnier scenes, a relentless drunkard in the midst of a `funeral parlor' seize-up demands more scotch-filled decaf: `How bout another cup of coffee!' Classic, indeed.5/5 stars
9 I know it's fashionable to trash successful movies but at least be honest about the trashing... Pvt. Ryan was fiction but it was pretty good HISTORICAL fiction. The details were well thought out and based on reality.There was nothing stupid about the portrayal of the German army... Rommel DID blunder in his placement of force, The high command DID think Calais was going to be the invasion spot, not Normandy. Hitler didn't wake up until noon on that day and his aides were afraid to wake him. The Rangers did come in right behind the first wave and did take a beach exit by sheer will to get the hell off the beach. The bluffs were the scene of heavy close fighting. The german defenders were mostly Eastern European conscripts from defeated areas. (note that the 2 men that tried to surrender were NOT speaking German). There WAS a young man rescued from interior Normandy after his brothers were all killed. He WAS an airborne trooper (the difference was that he was found by a chaplain and was removed from the front.)The battles inside Normandy were small actions town to town, street to street, house to house. Small actions like taking the radar station happened. Small actions like a handful of men defending a river bridge against odds happened. Small squads of men, formed out of the misdrops banded together ad hoc to fight. There were all enlisted groups and all officer groups. A General did die in the glider assault. FUBAR aptly described much of what happened that day.And there were only Americans in the movie because the Brits and Canadians were many klicks away in a different area... this was Omaha beach. The story was an American one. And Monty DID bog down the advance and everyone knew it. And as for "American Stereotypes"... well those pretty much define America: my college roomie was a wise-ass New York Jew. My best friend was a second generation east coast Sicilian.  My college girlfriend was a third generation German. My first wife was French and English. I'm Irish, my boss is Norwegian and I work with a Navaho... you get the point?So much for it being bad history. It was in fact an excellent way to let a jaded and somewhat ignorant-of-their-past generation *feel* something of what their grandparents (LIVING grandparents) went through. It is perhaps less important that the details be exact as the feel be right. Even now the details are not fully known or knowable about that campaign... it was too big, too complex and too chaotic to be knowable. There is not even an accurate casualty count of D-Day itself.Now as to the depth of characters. What I saw there was the extraordinary circumstances into which ordinary people were thrown and what happened to them. I saw the things that would mark a generation (I have heard in my elderly male patients sentiments similar to what Cpt. Miller was expressing when he announced his ordinariness) I saw the dehumanization that occurs with war and its mitigation moment to moment, man to man... Cpt. Miller didn't know anything about Ryan and he didn't care... until Ryan revealed his humanity to him with his story of his brothers. Pvt. Reiban was ready to walk out of the situation until he discoverd his captains ordinariness and his humanity. Then he began to look to him almost as a father. Pvt. Mellish rightfully delights in his revenge for all the times he's had to take it because he was Jewish by telling German captives he's "Juden!" Nerdish Cpl. Upham can stand alongside his bigger, stronger, braver Ranger compatriots and describe the poetry and melancholy of Edith Piaf's song... then face his cowardice, turn around and stand up in the face of danger and finally demonstrate the dehumanization of the enterprise he was enmeshed in by executing Steamboat Willie... even though Willie had no more choice about being there than Upham did and in other circumstances would have made a friend.I could go on and on with this but enough already. OK, perhaps it is not The Best Movie Ever Made but it is still a good movie. And if one will take the blinders of fashionable negativism off they will see it. Finally, this is not a patriotic story... if anything it is an acknowledgement and thank you to all those old men still out there that did so much for us. To them I say a deep and sincere thank you.
9 OK. Let's get real. The Godfather is beyond excellent in every single way. I'm not giving comments on The Godfather, because it would be almost blasphemy. Nevertheless, I expected much more on part II. Personally, I didn't like it. Here's the deal: the story was way too slow paced. Nothing really happened. Only the hit on Michael's house, and the build up for young Vito's story was what makes you interested. The rest is just anti-climatic and dull. The dialogs weren't as quotable or stand alone as in the first. I thought as a sad imitation of the real thing.Al Pacino's performance was absolutely superb. The problem wasn't that. The whole character was what failed. In the first, we get the glimpse of a warm man, but gets cold when is needed. A man who thinks before he talks. In this one, we see a man who is cold and heartless every single time you see him. He no longer has the eminence that Vito Corleone once had. The previous Don was eminent and even though he could scare the hell out of you with his stare, you respected and looked up to him. Now, his son is just pure evil. And that doesn't make sense. In the book, it's clear that Michael is the living image of his father. So, what happened? Him killing Fredo was completely useless. Even if he did betray him, there was no need to have him whacked. A Don just doesn't kill anyone from his own family (not "the Family", the real one). I know, Michael did kill Carlo, but let's remember he was not really family, just an in-law, and he did deserve what was coming. Another thing I personally hated was what happened to Connie. As you will see in the third, she radically changes from the naive Don's daughter to... Sorry, wrong movie. Anyway, all the other aspects, (filmmaking, score, performances, photography)were indeed flawless. It's interesting. You can perfectly notice Coppola's anatomy for each "Godfather". You start with a prologue, then a religious ceremony and/or a party afterward, the plot then starts and a pivotal point is a hit on the Don. The rest is a slow, yet properly thought vengeance that ends with a gigantic and operatic blood bath. However, for part II, it wasn't's that operatic or with the same effect than part I. It was anti-climatic, and pretty disappointing.Another flaw I found was that the story doesn't really stick to the book. One key aspect in the film didn't even appear in Mario Puzo's novel: Vito Corleone never returned to Sicily. The name of the Don who had his family killed doesn't even matter. Still, the scene prominently explains Don Tomassino's condition from the first.Now, don't get me wrong. I'm a die hard fan of "The Godfather". I consider it to be the best movie ever (and the best novel ever, too). But part II just doesn't do it for me.
9 Riveting and marvelous film by the genius cartoonist Hayao Miyazaki , it's a classic cartoon movie set many years from now , a dangerous, desolate post-industrial world of the future where rules the strongest law . This magnificent cartoon movie concerns about Nausicaa legend, a young princess and heiress to the throne living in the far future who attempts to understand and feels it is wrong to destroy the toxic jungle. This fascinating and haunting adventure set in the post-apocalyptic wasteland world by the great Hayao Miyazaki and happens upon a thousand years after a nuclear war left the Earth as an aftermath , with the barren and stark lands . Human race has destroyed the Earth in the "Seven Days of Fire". Now, there are small pockets of humans that survive . Warrior/pacifist Princess Nausicaä desperately fights to avoid two warring countries from destroying themselves and their dying . The Valley of the Wind, a small community commanded by King Jil battles for survival as the kingdom attempts to defend the Valley from gigantic Ohm bugs and toxic plants that live beyond the Valley in the Sea of Decay . The Valley is invaded by the Tolmekian warriors who scheme to destroy the Sea of Decay by utilizing the greatest monsters that caused the holocaust. Nausicaa goes after the pirates, severely damaging their aircraft but she is gunned down . After Nausicaä is caught , Nausicaä breaks out and goes beneath the Sea of Decay where she learns the toxic plants are not poisoning the air and are purifying the world by draining the air of radiation and toxins. Later on , Nausicaa join forces with the creatures Ohms and makes a friend ; both of them will confront on the air taking place overwhelming chases , pursuits and dogfighting on the skies and set out to the Valley and foil the Tolmekians schemes of unleashing the Great Monster Warrior.This wonderful film is plenty of fantasy , adventures, spectacular dogfighting and with agreeable message. The picture is narrated with sensibility and sense of wonder and is quite entertaining , as is apt for small kids but no contains graphic violence such as ¨Monokome-Hime¨ and similarly contains an ecologist message. The film packs lively situations , hilarious scenes , spectacular images and culminating in an impressive confrontation with breathtaking ending . Note that the foreign release titled Warriors of the Wind is an adaptation well restored and remastered from television series and released in cinemas , being entirely kiddiefied rendition that edits the original episodes heavily, thus creating a completely diverse tale . All roles have multiple dimensions and display really astonishing humanity . The drawings have a special ancient touch that conveys the forgotten wisdom of the past that could really affect the way you interact with others and with the ambient . This stunning film with appropriate runtime , converted the first of any kind to gross over the box office in Japan and around the world. The motion picture is splendidly realized by Hayao Miyazaki and accompanied with sensible music score composed by his usual musician, Joe Hisaishi. Miyazaki also directed other excellent cartoon movies as ¨ Ponyo , Howl's moving castle, Chihiro, Nicky , Porco Rosso , My neighbor Tororo , Castle in the sky ¨ and many others . Sensational and fantastic tale, it's a masterpiece cartoon movie , a great animation with an enjoyable meaning . One of a kind, if you enjoy interesting stories and have a soft spot for deep characters and well planed scenarios, you are in for a great one. Rating : Better that average , worthwhile watching ; advisable to see for children and adults who appeal the gorgeous drawings .
9 In the year 1999, "The Matrix" and "Fight Club" were undoubtedly the best films of the year. The Matrix was truly revolutionary in special effects, specifically in CGI (Computer-Generated-Imaging) technology. The still cameras that were used to capture multiple angles of a single shot, in bullet-time technology, was a creative new approach. The film is initially suspenseful with people not knowing quite what was happening until Morpheus (Lawrence Fishburne) reveals that Neo's (Keanu Reeves) reality was actually a fabricated world that is an elaborate simulation created by machines. Neo and the majority of the world's inhabitants have been stuck in simply a mental simulation prison. The magnitude of philosophy in sync with special effects make "The Matrix" a one-of-a-kind movie masterpiece. College classes show this movie in their philosophy class, and at the same time can prove to be one of the best special effects movies ever. Supplementally, "The Matrix" also provides endless action and a pretty solid storyline that influences the philosophical ideas in the movie. There are so many great things in this movie, it is just crazy.The color palette along with the time and effort put into stunts also accelerates this movie on all filming levels. "The Matrix" leaves the viewer a sense of pride in the world he/she can live in to just know that people are capable of creating at this level. Unfortunately, monetary and timing motives offset the potential quality of the sequels. "The Matrix Reloaded" and "The Matrix Revolutions" were just a waste of time and weren't carefully thought out, as was the first Matrix. 10/10
9 A powerful intro and a stylish ending! The story is so well told and so realistic that you're bound to get involved in the conflict and the case. The direction is superb and the acting is superior. Daniel Day- Lewis is a true chameleon, he's flawless in adopting to Irish culture & accent in the same way he's unflinching as native American in Gangs of New York. His acting earned half a star extra from me for the movie!With some heart-wrenching, tear-jerking and hatred intimidating one- liners, I just couldn't help but fall in love with the movie. I rate it higher than 'The Shawshank Redemption'. Highest recommendations!A wee list of awesome one-liners: "I'm a free man and I'm going out of the front door" "They ought to take the word 'compassion' out of the English dictionary" "You're not looking me in the eye when you're speaking to me" "I don't understand your language. 'Justice.' 'Mercy.' 'Clemency.' I literally don't understand what those words mean." "From all the places the English tried to rule, they've been beaten to be moved out." "I will fight on. In the name of the father and the truth"
9 This movie, to me, is not about how they meet, go through life or the open relationship. It is about that moment we always look for, the instant chemistry, which makes us euphoric and therefore happy. That bubble that everything is oke, everything is in line and I love somebody and that person loves me back in that moment. The way this movie is shot, the high level of acting, it is as if you are watching your own life in some way. I think everybody can take moments from it and see what moments happen in their own life and how they react. It is not intended as a movie to learn from, but just to hold a mirror up. It is not good or bad, just how we walk through life. To me, it is a good thing to keep realizing it. If I had to pick one thing that stout out, I would say; that moment the bubble bursts. When you start to talk to each other and learn more about their way of thinking. At that point you are going to hear something you don't like and in an instant, your face changes and you need to deal with that emotion. That's when the euphoria stops and you try to get it back. This review shows that this movie won't be for everybody, but watch past the first 10 minutes and get taken away by the emotions and reflect on yourself.
9 This is one of those dark movies, where it's constantly raining and wet and where the light always seems to be dim. Appropriately enough, this changes to bright and shimmering heat in the very end. As a kid, I hated dark movies. But perhaps it is appropriate in this case, because Seven attempts to be a statement about humanity: no one is without sin.The seven deadly sins are gluttony, greed, sloth, pride, lust, envy, and wrath. Prime examples of people committing these are being punished one by one, brutally and efficiently, by a psychopathic killer. Detectives, and reluctant partners, William Somerset (Morgan Freeman) and David Mills (Brad Pitt) are assigned to track down the killer. Needless to say, the job gets accomplished. While some might argue it is done surprisingly, I'd argue otherwise.For once, I wasn't impressed with Pitt's acting. I thought Freeman did a great job. As usual, the villain, John Doe played by Kevin Spacey, provides a chilling performance, even though he is not given as much center stage as, say, Anthony Hopkins was in Silence of the Lambs. In fact, the whole movie seems to hurry through without giving key characters enough time to build up their emotional worth, particularly Mills' wife Tracy (Gwyneth Paltrow).In the end, Seven does manage to get its point across effectively. While watching the movie itself, I thought it a bit anti-climatic, but when mulling it over later, the images echo very strongly in my mind. One of the most disturbing films I've seen.
9 All the years I spent watching Jim Cramer and his bombastic yet highly entertaining financial advice show, Mad Money (which I think George Clooney's character, Lee Gates and his financial show in the film entitled, Money Monster is clearly a satirical stab at), I always wondered while I watched Cramer give advice on certain stocks, or even recommending some as a must buy, or a do not sell, or do not buy, I always wondered whether anyone was really out anything by listening to Cramer and his advice. Did anyone ever listen to one of his stock tips that ended up being devastatingly wrong and perhaps lost a lot of money, or maybe even more collateral than that listening to his advice on a risky stock tip? Yes, at the end of each Mad Money program, or really any financial program, there is always a disclaimer at the end of these shows telling the viewers to consult a professional financial accountant, or broker before making any rash decisions regarding your funds and investments and in a sense the shows in question tried to take no responsibility if someone ever was to lose a lot because of these programs and their hosts on the air. What if a situation like what happens in Money Monster, were to really happen? A blue collar worker invests every cent they have based on a stock that was highly recommended on said program only to have it go belly up and end up losing everything in the process. I think we can all understandably say we would be furious and looking for someone to blame after everything was gone. But who is to blame? Is it the host of the television program who is trying to entice you with a lot of bells and whistles and fancy jargon over buying a stock? Or perhaps the station and the people who put the program on the air? Are they to blame? Or does it go even deeper than that and in fact involves shady business dealings with the actual companies themselves, who may have more stake and more involved in a company's win, or loss than you might expect? Are they the ones who should handle the blame and take on the responsibility of those who are out nearly everything buying, or selling one of their stocks? These questions and more is what the new film, Money Monster tries to answer in what is a very captivating, thrilling and entertaining 98 minutes of a movie. George Clooney plays the obnoxious Lee Gates, who is the host of Money Monster and Clooney as in typical fashion, is really good at playing suave, somewhat sophisticated and arrogant characters such as Gates and here he is totally believable in the performance and does a great job. That is one of the film's really strong points which is the acting, whether it be from pros such as Clooney, or Julia Roberts to newcomer Jack O'Connell, all deliver exceptional performances and really keep the film going. This type of a film needs three main things to keep it's momentum and audience interested and that is truly capable actors who can handle the material they are given, but also who fascinate us as viewers and want us to keep watching them and see where and what happens to their characters. Also we need a script that has a plausible yet fascinating beginning, middle and final act with just the right amount of things to thrill the audience, keep us guessing and wanting to see what happens at the end and also a certain message to drive home to the viewers to leave some food for thought after you have left the theatre and to truly keep the film fresh in your mind. The direction also has to know how to keep the scenes in question lively and fast paced, but also allowing us in it's brief running time to have a certain connectedness to it's protagonists and make us believe in what is happening and also exciting and giving us reason to be angry at what is going on not only in the film, but in real life as well. The film passes all these check points and exceeds abundantly in each of these areas. Money Monster is one of the most entertaining thrill rides of the year, but it is not an empty movie. It is filled with good thoughts and questions that need to be asked and will rally any individual who has ever been questioned, or burned, or just plain angry about the things mentioned earlier in the review. The film has great and sharp dialogue and not just one dimensional characters, but very interesting characters who are great pawns in this giant chess game of a film. The film has a strong message and will leave you thinking about it's message, but will keep you riveted while doing so. One of the best times at the films so far this year and I look forward to seeing more of Foster as a director and hope Clooney and cast continue to shine in other films because they are all on the top of their game here.
9 you sit on the edge of your seat. You can read the plot of the film on the many other postings here. Once the story is reduced to two men each in two little sardine can truck cabs 'strapped' to nitroglycerine, you are glad you put up with some anti-imperialistic claptrap at the beginning. The director uses one standard shot, head-on of each truck crew through their windshields with alternating close ups of faces as they talk and we learn more about them and just when we have had enough 'getting to know you' some crisis erupts: an impassable turn, a boulder blocking the road, and finally the pool of oil.With what mastery Clouzot sets up that scene: the trucks do not travel in tandem but a mile or two apart. By the time Mario and Jo come upon the boulder-blocked road, the others have already conceived a plan to use a bit of their cargo to blast the rock away. The fuse is lit; the men scramble as suddenly they realize debris could hit their trucks and set off the nitro anyway. Rocks fall all about them but all is safe; they continue on their way, released and relieved. They smoke, and the German character begins to shave as the truck rumbles along, his truckmate marveling at his nerve as he explains how Nazi prisons made him the way he is. The director cuts to Mario and Jo, following and chatting, our eyes following their conversation through the windshield. A noise is heard and eyes bug out. A column of smoke on the road ahead. Their mates are gone, and in one of the most frightening scenes in film, Mario must pilot the truck through the oil left by their departure while Jo guides him.I recall Life Magazine, I believe, had a spread on this film when it came out with many photos. Two years before, I'd lived in an oil refining camp in Eastern Venezuela and while it was on the Caribbean, occasionally we would take a jungle road to a beach away from camp. This made it seem all the more realistic. This film deserves the highest rating.
9 I have read some of the reviews about this movie, regarding a remake of a Spanish movie, and no clue that this was a remake.For a movie I haven't heard anything about, I gave it ago based on the actors in the movie.Pleasantly surprised at the gripping, compelling storyline. The heartbreak and suspense, as well as the thriller aspect of the movie, with that forever twist that I search for in movies. As The usual Suspects being one of my ultimate favourite movies of all time, I found that the storyline flowed well, it wasn't drawn out to the point you get bored and want to switch to another movie. Thoroughly enjoyed this movie and would recommend watching.
9 The Godfather is one of the most iconic films in cinema history. There are three points in the film that made it stand alone: direction, acting, and writing. The direction of this film was great! Frances Fran Coppela really knows how to make a great film. Like Steven Spilberg, Peter Jackson, James Cameron, and so many others, he as list himself as one of the most greatest directors in Hollywood. He's my role model. The acting was terrible, just kidding! :) The Acting was amazing. Marlon Brando carries the anchor of this movie, but Al Pacino holds it carefully. The cast of this movie was a good example of cast chemistry. Great Cast! The Writing was awesome. Coppela knows what he is doing when he is writing a script to a major blockbuster hit. That's why he's my role model. The Godfather is one my favorite films of all time. I would recommend you see this movie. It's awesome.
9 Give it a chance....Yes if you watch only a couple of episodes you might say, "eh, can take it or leave it". However I like to put in at least a few episodes to see if a new show develops. Many now popular shows started out slow. Even the huge hit, Seinfeld was iffy the whole first season. In fact they didn't have their breakout season until season 4. It's a shame that shows are chopped so quickly these days. Sometimes it takes a few episodes to even start developing characters. I recommend just watching at least to episode 8. By then, you will see the characters are finally developing and there are also a few surprises. Now at episode 10, it's practically a different show. Hopefully you will give it a chance too and then by episode 10 you will know for sure if you like it. For me, it's a show I look forward to and I am hoping this will develop into something even better!
9 This film came up on Netflix and I started watching not knowing it was only released today. It deals with the current issues between the genders in a comic but interesting way. Set in Paris (always a good start for a movie) Damien is a single man used to the entilements of a patriarchal society. After being rejected by Alexi a bang to his head takes him into a parallel world where women are the entitlemented gender. Damien finds it differicult to adjust to his new environment. In this world Alexi is a powerful author who sees potential in Damien's story.I enjoyed this movie and it's premise. The characters of the leads are strong in both worlds, but being a strong woman in a man's world is different to being a strong woman in a woman's world.
9 Why You Might Like It: I can go on and on about the good things in this film and why most viewers will enjoy it. It has an outstanding cast that play their parts well, the directing and cinematography are gripping, and the story is something to marvel. This is an excellent film that I highly recommend.Why You Might Not Like It: I don't know why anyone wouldn't enjoy the movie. It does run over 2 hours, so some movie-goers might think that is a bit too long, but I don't think this movie will lose anyone's interest.Acting/Casting: 9.5* - As mentioned, the casting and acting is outstanding. Hugh Jackman gives the best performance of his career in my opinion. Paul Dano is downright creepy and plays his part to a tee. Jake Gyllenhaal, Terrence Howard, Maria Bello and the rest of the cast do great work as well.Directing/Cinematography/Technical: 8.5* - Let me just say that Denis Villeneuve has made his mark in the US after this one. The directing in this movie is gripping and pulls the viewer in from start to finish. I can't say enough about all of the small things that go into making the atmosphere in the movie amazing (the weather, the buildings, music, etc.) Plot/Characters: 8.5* - This is arguably one of the better abduction/kidnapping stories that I have seen. The plot is deep and has many layers that keep the viewer guessing all the way up until the very end. There is no doubt that the story plays a huge role in the final product that you see on the screen.Entertainment Value: 9* - It keeps you guessing throughout and on the edge of your seat from start to finish. Movies like this are why we go to the movies. Get out and see it.My Score: 9.5+8.5+8.5+9 = 35.5/4 = 8.875 Email your thoughts to filmwatchinfool@gmail.com
9 Literally every second of this movie is worth watching ! it's even better than the first one. I love the visual effects, maybe that's why I loved this movie so much, I mean the nature in Underland, the time castle, much effort was put on this movie and it was worth it . I wasn't expecting that much of it, since I didn't expect a good story. But the story of Time is incredible ! And those little seconds of his are so cute, I liked the idea of the white queen not being totally good by lying in her childhood and being part of the reason that made her sisters' head big. I wish there were more parts for the Cheshire cat, I love his grin :D. But, finding The Hatter's family could've taken more light, the hatter just finds them and that's it. We should've got the opportunity to watch more of them after they come back. Still, this movie's became one of my favorite fantasy movies .
9 "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" (1975) is a film you'll appreciate more as you mature. I saw it a few times when I was younger and, while I thought it was good, I didn't 'get' a lot of the insights the film conveys. Viewing it again recently, I 'got' it.Set in the early 60s, the story involves R.P. McMurphy (Jack Nicholson) and his arrival at a mental institution in Salem, Oregon (where the film was shot). He plays the "mental illness" card to get out of prison time, thinking it'll be a piece of cake, but he's wrong, very wrong. Everything appears well at the hospital and Nurse Ratched (Louise Fletcher) seems to be a benevolent overseer of McMurphy's ward, but there are sinister things going on beneath the surface.The movie criticizes the way institutions deal with mental illnesses. Their "therapy" is futile and only makes the patients dependent on the institution itself, thereby creating its need for existence (at the taxpayer's expense). McMurphy is a threat to the establishment and therefore must be "dealt with." A lot of people criticize the film by suggesting that Nurse Ratched "isn't that bad" or that "she was only trying to do her job", etc. I had the same reaction the first couple of times I saw it. This reveals an aspect of the film's brilliance: Ratched's malevolence is so subtle that the filmmakers allow the possibility for complete misinterpretation. Yes, from an administrative point of view, she seemingly does a good job, she's authoritarian without being sadistic, and she cares for the residents as long as they follow the rules (more on this below). Yet she is absolutely demonic as a robotized arm of a dehumanizing system. She maintains the residents in a state of oblivion and marginalization; they are deprived of their dignity because the system sees them as subhuman.The filmmakers and Fletcher make Nurse Ratched a more effective antagonist by showing restraint. Compare this to, say, Faye Dunaway's portrayal of Joan Crawford in "Mommie Dearest," which pretty much turned her into a cartoon villain. Ratched isn't such an obvious sadist, yet she uses the rules to tyrannize the men and reduce them to an almost infantile state of dependency and subservience. Her crowning achievement is Billy Bibbit (Brad Dourif).McMurphy, despite his obvious flaws, is the protagonist of the story. Although he's impulsive and has a weakness for the female gender, which got him into prison in the first place, he has a spirit of freedom and life. His problem is that he needs to learn a bit of wisdom; then he can walk in his freedom without causing unnecessary harm to himself and others.Nurse Ratched, on the other hand, represents legal-ism, which is an authoritarian spirit obsessed with laws or rules. This is clearly seen in the World Series sequence: Even though McMurphy gets the final vote he needs for his ward to watch the Series Ratched refuses to allow it on a technicality. When McMurphy then PRETENDS to watch the game and works the guys up into a state of euphoria, Ratched reacts with sourpuss disapproval. That's because legalism is the opposite of the spirit of freedom, life and joy. Legalism is all about putting on appearances and enforcing the LETTER of the law (or rule). The problem with this is that "appearances" are not about reality and, worse, "the letter kills." Despite his folly and mistakes, McMurphy does more good for the guys in his ward than Ratched and the institution could do in a decade. How so? Not only because he has a spirit of freedom and life, but because he loves deeply, but only those who deserve it – the humble – not arrogant abusers. When you cast restraint to the wind and love with all your heart you'll reap love in return, as long as the person is worthy. A certain person hugs McMurphy at the end because he loves him. McMurphy set him free from the shackles of mental illness and, worse, the institution that refuses to actually heal because it needs mentally ill people to exist; it only goes through the motions of caring and healing (not that there aren't any good people in such institutions, of course).No review of this film is complete without mentioning the notable character of Chief, played effectively by Will Sampson.The film runs 2 hour and 13 minutes.GRADE: A
9 Raging bull is my favorite film. Robert de Niro's performance in this film is truly amazing and the direction from Scorsese and the script from Paul Schrader are flawless. The fight scenes are the most brutal that I have ever seen on film even though theres only like 12 minutes of them and the editing is simply brilliant. It should have earned Scorsese a best director oscar but at least they had enough sense to award de Niro the best actor oscar.I'll come back to this film forever.
9 In a movie market saturated with big, flying, exploding gimmicks and hating, swearing, murdering lunatics, Forever My Girl is a shining beacon of hope. A third into the movie, I joked to my folks that the roles seemed too nice and normal. Halfway through and I was astounded by the director's ability tell a story that is all about coping and forgiving without turning it into a snore-fest.The film does not resort to cliches or hackneyed tropes to bring out the characters' conflicts and struggles. Everyone acts like civil and responsible people do, and the plot flows sensibly and naturally. The backdrop has strong resemblance to Mark Walberg's Rock Star, and the two will undoubtedly be mentioned together. Yet Forever My Girl does a much better job celebrating human decency and dignity. A sweet and charming hidden gem.
9 I don't normally give 10/10 to films, but this was easy. This isn't a slow artistic movie where nothing happens, critics laud and regular people don't get. This is something so good everyone can agree on. Everything counts for something, there is nothing there for nothing. And not for mere symbolism, but everything has a reason to be in the film - there are no stock characters, no stock conversations and no stock props.Every word counts for so much that you couldn't cut out one second of the film without flinching. It is neither slow nor rushed, neither pro-Georgian nor pro-separatist, neither pro-settlement or pro-exodus... very few people could've made this same movie with this same script without ruining it with political biases like anti-Islam, anti-Russia, anti-Georgian, anti-Caucasian, anti-Communist, anti-separatist sentiment (or pro any of those). This movie is about the people in it and it does it well without the director getting caught up in tit-for-tat us-vs-them situation nor does it show some premonition of what is to happen 10-20 years from then.It's a story about the early 1992, not 2001 or 1941. It's a story about an Estonian man living in Georgia. I personally know directors that would see this script and add so much history and awareness of the future that it would ruin it. This director goes without cheap attempts at referencing bigger historical events for the sake of contextualization.Everything here is weighted and is kept in the movie after careful consideration, from the car to the cassette, from the photo to the guns, from the shrapnel to the shish kebabs.No clichés, no stock characters, no distractions - just a great story.If I had to say a bad thing about it - the music (the main theme), although great, gets repetitive after a while.Easily film of the year and in my personal top 10.
9 Picture if you will, a 27 year old male, scanning through his dvd collection, trying to figure out what to watch, on a boring night at home. Suddenly, he stops at My Neighbor Totoro and smiles.  Well, that's a pretty typical happenning around the house here.Miyazaki created a true masterpiece with this film.  It has everything a person, of any age, could want.  There are points that it is hilarious, a few points where it makes one slightly nervous, the animation is outstanding (as with all Miyazaki films), and aside from lacking a little bit in plot (what movie doesn't nowadays?), the story is wonderful.One of the things that makes this film shine, at least for me, is that there is absolutely no antagonist role.  No bad guy whatsoever, and only a genius like Miyazaki could pull that off.Is this a childrens movie?  Yes, of course it is.  Is it a movie only for children?  Well...  maybe for the inner child inside all of us.  There's humour in this movie that the young will laugh at, and there's a bit of humour in the movie that only adults will fully catch and appreciate, without it being "adult humour".I would reccommend, and have reccommended this film to anyone that would listen.Thank you again Miyazaki Sensei.
9 Scooby-Doo is a worthy live action film to a brilliant original T.V. showPlot: The Mystery Inc. gang have split up and are each off on their own, only Scooby-Doo (Voice of Neil Fanning) and Shaggy (Matthew Lilard) remain together and they own the Mystery Machine. They are called back into action when a strange man shows up and invites them to Spooky Island to solve a mystery. They are convinced when he mentions an all you can eat buffet and are on their way to the airport. There they run into the rest of the gang, Fred (Freddie Prinze Jr.), Velma (Linda Cardellini), and Daphne (Sarah Michelle Gellar). Still resenting each other they refuse contact and once on the island they meet the owner, Emile Mondavariours (Rowan Atkinson) who informs them of the problem. He believes that somebody is casting a spell on the visitors who come to his resort. Starting off on looking for clues by themselves the gang realizes after a attack that they need to put their differences aside and team up if they ever want to solve the mystery.The Good News: This being the motion picture film to a T.V. series that spawned thousands of imitators it had a lot to live up to and it delivers. Since it was released people have bashed this film to pieces, but if you take a minutes and look at it closely it is a pretty underrated film. The actors all do an outstanding job at bringing the gang to life. At first glance Freddie Prinze Jr. may seem like the wrong choice, but he fills Fred's shoes amazingly well with adequate skill. Linda Cardellini portrays the brainy smart Velma we all know, but Linda plays her with a sensitive side which is new and a a nice choice. Sharah Michelle Gellar is the shining light here bringing warmth and believability to her character as Daphne, everyones favorite danger prone female who proves she is tougher than most think in one of the film's best scenes. Matthew Lillard plays Shaggy well and plays off of Scooby-Doo well even though there was nothing there during filming. Lillard's acting is a key success to the film. It doesn't matter how well the CGI Scooby is made Lillard really has to bring it to life by make believing that Scooby is actually there. The whole thing could have gone completely wrong, but luckily this escapes that. Now the question that most people are asking. How does Scooby-Doo stack up? Neil Fanning's has to be the best since the original and the CGI Scooby looks pretty convincing. The action is a big part of this film as it plays a huge part. There are plenty of action scenes to keep you interested. My favorite one probably has to be the castle scene, a ten minute romp where the gang uncovers clues and it all ends in a big bang, but there are many more to more than fulfill your attention. The screenplay keeps thing's nice and simple and so is the direction. Constant and flashy cuts would've gotten in the way here so the direction they took works the best. The film all ends with more action scenes, big bangs, and many great twists. This could've been a lot worse.The Bad News: The could've taken out the crude humor, but that's my only complaintConclusion: See this at any cost if you are a hardcore Scooby-Doo fan and others will all so want to check this out. RecommendRated: PG
9 I saw this at an AARP pre-screening and found it to be funny and poignant. The entire audience, composed of young and old people, laughed aloud and applauded often throughout the film. Why? Because the topic, situations presented, and dialogue resonated with experiences common to the lives of everyone watching.The film addresses topics not often seen in films: intimate loving relationships and romance in the elderly, Alzheimer's, end-of-life issues and family dynamics involved, dying with dignity, personal choice, euthanasia and suicide. There is no preachiness; the viewers are respectfully left with an emotional invitation to reflect upon these issues for themselves. Remarkably, this is done with humour and grace, without self pity or undue sentimentality. The film is not Hollywood glitzy, it may even seem a bit drab at times, but this is part of why it rings true and makes the film work. Everything from the couple's home and basement, the RV they run off in, the campgrounds they stay in, and the nursing home they visit - all of it, remarkably familiar to most Americans. We are being asked to think about extraordinary issues relating to ordinary lives, similar to those we all lead, and it seems that this less glossy calling card works. This approach is also supported by the beautifully nuanced performances given by Mirren and Southerland as they let us into their world of romance, aging, family, incurable illness, and end-of-life choices, all while travelling the landscape of US Route #1.From start to closing credits, group laughter, applause, and cheering revealed a palpable comradery among the audience members, which told volumes about how well the film accomplished its goal of raising awareness of important emotional, personal, social issues while still offerring an enjoyable night at the movies. I hope you have an opportunity to see it.
9 Greetings again from the darkness. The film is based on the controversial best selling novel by Kathryn Stockett. It was controversial because it is the story of Jim Crow-era maids written by a white woman. Yes, the book is actually the fictionalized story of a white woman getting black maids to discuss their lives as maids for white folks. Rather than get into some politically correct dissertation on the book, movie or story, I will only comment on the film itself ... this very entertaining movie that also manages to deliver a timeless message.Let me first start by saying that this movie is incredibly well acted. It is quite rare to have so many developed characters in one movie. There are some characters we immediately connect with, while others draw our ire each time their face appears. The script and these fine actresses utilize humor to point out the shameful behavior of those who saw themselves as superior. The humor doesn't soften the ignorance or abuse, but it does make the film infinitely more watchable and entertaining. Please know this is not a documentary.Ms. Stockett's novel has a very loyal following in addition to the naysayers. A two hour film must, of course, take short cuts and trim story lines. Still the key elements are present. Based in Jackson, Mississippi during Governor Ross Barnett's term we see the social shark, Hilly Holbrook (Bryce Dallas Howard), in her full glory of ignorance, entitlement and superiority. We see her minions and followers emulating her moves while trying to gain her approval.The story takes off when Skeeter (Emma Stone) graduates from Ole Miss and returns home and takes a job at the local newspaper. Possessing observation skills and humanity that her lifelong friends can't comprehend, Skeeter desperately wants to tell a story from the perspective of the maids. As expected, the maids are hesitant, but Aibileen (Viola Davis) does relent. The stories begin to flow and soon the robust Minny (Octavia Spencer) joins in. Others soon follow their lead and Skeeter's education goes to an entirely new level.That's really all of the story I care to discuss. The brilliance of this one is actually in the details ... individual scenes and moments of acting genius by most of the cast. In addition to those mentioned above, Jessica Chastain plays Celia, the "white trash" outcast who so desperately wants to be allowed back into the girls' club. Ms. Chastain was seen a few weeks ago in the fabulous "Tree of Life" in quite a different role ... I would venture to say no actress will have two roles of such variance this year. Also, Allison Janney plays Skeeter's cancer-stricken mother, and Sissy Spacek is Hilly's mother who gets tossed aside before she is ready to go! The great Cicely Tyson makes a brief appearance as Constantine, Skeeter's childhood maid who was done so wrong after 29 years of service. Mary Steenburgen has a couple of scenes as a big NYC book publisher.As a said, this is pure acting heaven, but I must single out Viola Davis and Octavia Spencer. Viola is so powerful at the beginning and end of the film, and Ms. Spencer is a force of nature during the middle. This movie is really their story and these two ladies make it fascinating, painful and a joy to behold. They both deserve recognition at Oscar time.There are so many fantastic details to the film. At times, it is like watching a classic car show ... the late 50's and early 60's models are works of art. The wardrobe, hair and make-up are perfect in setting up the class differentials. The TV and radio segments provide context and timing with the deaths of Medger Evers and JFK. Even the books on Skeeter's shelf make a statement: To Kill a Mockingbird, Huck Finn, Native Son, and Gone With the Wind.This story takes place 50 years ago and director Tate Taylor does an admirable job of bringing Stockett's novel to the big screen. Mr. Taylor is a longtime friend of Ms. Stockett's and was quite fortunate to get the directing rights. He doesn't disappoint. Sure the story is a bit glossy at times ... it is geared towards the masses. If you are looking for more depth, there are numerous documentaries available on the Civil Rights movement. If you are seeking a very entertaining movie that uses humor to tell a story and send a message, then this one's for you.
9 It is a creepy and taken-by-storm experience with the film, background music is darker than the film itself and too ominous, plot is brilliantly constructed, conversations are thought-provocative, to crown the whole, Jodie Foster and Anthony Hopkin are the cream. They take ownership of Clarice and Hannibal respectively, transforming them into the most unforgettable screen images.The psychological path of Hannibal is hard to trace. He is so odd a mixture of intelligence, cruelty, insanity, grace and charisma. In the depth, fledgling FBI trainee Clarice is no match of him. She is still naive yet very ambitious. On the trail of the serial killer Buffalo Bill, she's sent to interview him, a psychiatrist-turned-cannibal. Hannibal is willing to provide clues to finding the killer but only in return for personal information about Clarice herself. He calls it Quid Pro Quo. In those mind games, the two dance backward and forward between cannibal and FBI agent, mentor and student, psychiatrist and patient, father and daughter. It is Clarice who breathes life into the multidimensional sophisticated psychopath and Hannibal who nudges the aspiring student FBI agent and helps her achieve her first success in a world of Y chromosome where her guru Crawford uses her, embarrasses her, excludes her; Doctor Chilton regards her no more than a simple-minded woman and tries to flirt with her. Frankly speaking, though no lack of other impressive scenes, it's really the nerves fights between Hannibal and Clarice that carries the film.Some of the horrible scenes involve Buffalo Bill who, a transvestite, skins his victims, especially woman victims. But the most terrifying one is Clarice's single-handed trace in Buffalo Bill's gruesome den, which also has become another irony to the self-important testosterone-dominated world. Crawford's misjudgment and stubbornness makes him out of the right track, a special anti-terror deployment resulting in vain. But Clarice, though excluded from the business which she should be on, still holds onto her intuition and through on-the-spot investigation finds the serial killer at last. She has to take on him herself. (Demme uses "deceptive cutting" there to enhance the tension.) It is definitely a life-or-death fight, especially when Clarice is in the dark, groping her way in absolute terror. I have no doubt everyone holds the breath when the film rolls to that part.A gripping film that well deserved its Oscars
9 Went to see it with my hubby and i got to say i was impressed. Knowing that the actor does all of his own stunts and action scene's really makes a difference for me. I was getting tired of action movies with all the wires and fake action stars getting doubles, but after seeing this movie it gave me hope. Brings me back to the good old days of action martial arts movies like Jackie Chan (rumble in the bronx). If your looking for a good girls night out... its the perfect movie to see a whole bunch of hot shirtless men beating the hell out of each other. Can't wait to see the next one.
9 I'm shocked that Orson Welles could direct this abomination of a movie, particularly after seeing Citizens Kane (which I regard as one of the best classics). Seems like his film making talents have gone backwards since that time. The plot is non-sensical. But maybe that's because the acting and directing were so distracting. The actors performs as if they were on stage and the audience is 20 yards away. In other words, extremely over-the-top. Charlten Heston managed to score probably the worst acting job I've seen. The storyline is told almost entirely through dialog - and bad dialog that is. Normally I would labor through an entire film, even if bad, just to see how the ending turns out. But watching ToE was just too painful. I stopped after about 30 minutes and couldn't care less how the ending turned out. Thank goodness movies aren't made like this anymore. ToE deserves a Rotten Tomato.
9 TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD is presented like a play in three acts. It is also from the children's perspective. Through the kids, we find that racism is a learned attitude or feeling. We also see a delightful coming of age drama as the young kids realize that there is no Boogeyman down the street and their father is capable of doing a lot more than they think. The great Gregory Peck plays Atticus Finch, a pillar of nobility, social conscience, and, rare for 1930's Americana, a single parent. Peck is such a strong presence, you believe everything about him. It is something you can compare to America's trust in TV anchorman Walter Cronkite. We always took his word for it.Act one puts Atticus in the background and allows the kids to flourish. Director Robert Mulligan was able to get such realistic performances from non-professional kids. They are amusing and fun to watch. The big mystery lies in the house down the street in this small Georgia town. Who is the monstrous, "6 and a half feet big" legend living in the end house? Some light suspense ensues, while the buildup to a stirring act two is happening. Atticus must defend an African-American man for the alleged rape of a white woman.After threats galore, an unshaken Peck takes to the courtroom jungle in, without a doubt, one of the top 5 court scenes in motion picture history. Brock Peters lends the film its best moments as the accused "negro" on trial. This man has a face chiseled with suffering and deep, deep sorrow. We know Atticus is a good man, a decent human being with a soul. He sees this in his client as well, and in a closing argument that must have roused the civil rights movement, implores the jury to vote justice. An all-male, all-white jury in the 1930's were tough listeners. Peters' breakdown on the stand is one of the most realistic, emotionally saddening moments you'll ever see, especially in Hollywood films of the 1960's. The scene when Peck leaves the courtroom is now legendary as well.Act three produces a tragic death, an unlikely hero, and the bringing together of a family. The filmmakers have such a passion for the material, they seem to handle it with gentleness. Racism is a hard-boiled subject and it is depicted and dealt with through grace and patience. TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD poses the injustice of race relations in the 1930's as a front for the events happening in the 1960's. The film came out during turbulent times and was also an adaption of a literary classic. I am one to judge a film solely by film only. The book is a separate art form and should not be compared to the film, an art form itself. It is important, it is enlightening, and it has not aged. Watch it.RATING: 9 of 10
9 Directed by Steve McQueen and staring Chiwetel Ejiofor, Michael Fassbender, Benedict CUmberbatch, newcomer Lupita Nyong'o, and a ton of other stars, '12 Years a Slave' is based on the memoir of Solomon Northup, a freeman who was living in Saratoga, NY before being tricked, drugged, and sold into slavery in the south.McQueen is an auteur known for his honest and brutal direction, and he keeps filming when others would shut the camera off or look away. While making the picture that much more difficult to sit through, his steadfastness greatly elevates the emotional impact of the film. It's a must-see, if only for educational purposes—just as 'Schindler's List' is used to teach about the Holocaust and 'Milk' about the struggle for gay rights. I'm not trying to compare the events depicted in this film with the events depicted in those I just mentioned, all I'm saying is that they are all equally important in portraying the reality of their respective situations. There is a moment in '12 Years a Slave' when, as a form of punishment, Northup is hanged by his neck, the tips of his toes just able to reach the ground below him. The camera stays on him for a few minutes. It is silent, and all you can do is listen to him struggling for breath. This is one of the more disturbing moments in the film, but not the worst. Eventually, Northup is sold to Edwin Epps, a short-tempered and impulsive plantation owner portrayed by Michael Fassbender. He is by far the most villainous and terrifying character in the film, and Fassbender brilliantly captures his mood swings and tempestuous personality. It is Chiwetel Ejiofor, however, who steals the show. He brings so much life to Northup, and completely disappears into his characters. He is able to depict so many deep levels of emotion, while also bringing dignity to a man who was unwilling to let anyone take away his will to "live" rather than just "survive." Additionally, Lupita Nyong'o, in her first big film role, is mesmerizing as Patsey, and hardworking and desperate woman, and the object of her master Epps's attention. She is hated by Epps's wife—masterfully played by Sarah Paulson— and most of the more dramatic moments in the film revolve around her character's tragic story. If I have one complaint, it's that 12 years do not seem to pass by at all, mainly because none of the characters substantially age. Also, Brad Pitt is thrown in for ten minutes to depict a kind-hearted abolitionist, and while he does a good job, it just feels like Brad Pitt on a slave plantation, which is totally out of place. Regardless, while the film may be harrowing and difficult to sit through, it is simply brilliant all the way through, and by far the most honest depiction of slavery that I've ever seen.
9 We knew already that Mel Gibson is a filmmaker with a powerful vision and the craftsmanship to go with it. Extraordinary battle scenes. Violence, Gibson style, which means Peckinpah plus, because here there is such a personal intention that makes every frame, utterly compelling. The only drawback and I have to say it, Vince Vaughn. Why? In the moment he appears, this extraordinary film becomes a movie. It took me completely out of it. When you look at him you see an actor, acting. On the other hand, Andrew Garfield. Sublime. He makes totally believable a character that could be fictional. The humanity in Andrew Garfield's eyes makes everything real. It tells us, in no uncertain terms, that at the very center of it all, there is love. Love!
9 Looking back at Akira Kurosawa's impressive fifty-year career in filmmaking, it's impossible to determine which film was his best. Fans of the late Japanese legend might cite The Seven Samurai or The Hidden Fortress, while critics believe that it should be Rashomon or Ran.A growing band of Kurosawa worshippers has recently named Ikiru as his indisputable masterpiece. Unfortunately, I don't see myself joining the latter soon. Yes, Ikiru is Kurosawa's most deepest and reflective film, though in my opinion it's far from the masterpiece that it's touted to be. Ikiru is a film best described as 'a game of two halves'. The first hour is vintage Kurosawa. It starts out with an X-ray image of a stomach diagnosed with cancer, and then introduces the film's pitiful lead character Kanji (Takashi Shimura) to the viewers. Kanji is a government official who has been loyally serving his department for many decades.Upon receiving news that he's suffering from terminal cancer, he decides to take an extended break from work (which he has never done before) to reflect about his life. After some inner soul searching, Kanji realized that he has been missing out on life since he began working. He sets himself on a quest to live out his final months with a motto, "I cannot die until I'm satisfied with my life".Cancer has taught people that life cannot be taken for granted. Kanji is a character that we can all relate to, from his humble personality to his simple outlook on life. Kurosawa cajoled out a magnificent performance from Shimura, not only was Shimura able to make us feel sympathetic toward his character, but his character was also able to earn our admiration by the end of the picture.However, Kurosawa is no Yasujiro Ozu (Tokyo Story, Late Spring). Those familiar with the works of these two Japanese legends will know that Ikiru is the kind of story that Ozu would have relished. Kurosawa is simply not as capable in handling intense dramatic material as Ozu. This is perhaps the reason the second hour of the film fails to capture the greatness of the first. Kurosawa focused too much on the bureaucratic aspects and its faceless officials during the long funeral sequence than Kanji's final farewell gift to the community after an immense struggle involving politics and red tape.Ikiru's lackluster second half dilutes the film's emotional value. Kurosawa did not have an off day; it's just that he was too ambitious to have attempted such a complex urban drama, though his ambitions have often led him to more successes than failures in life.GRADE: B- (www.filmnomenon.blogspot.com) All rights reserved.
9 I was hesitant about seeing "Sherlock Gnomes", as its simple wordplay title makes it easy to dismiss. I tell you honestly, I thoroughly enjoyed it, and frankly at the end I was surprised by how much I had enjoyed it. It is far funnier, and far more creative, than its throw-away pun of a title would suggest.True, the story, which takes often broad comedic swipes at a well-established literary franchise, dares to ask its audience to accept the dual conceits that not only do we humans share our world with clay/ceramic garden gnomes which are actually living sentient creatures, but also that one of them is a hyper-intelligent investigator with a strong sense of duty. But once the story gets going (lead into by a Looney Tunes-esque news report), it does prove to have a surprisingly complex plot, in which there is in fact is a mystery in need of solving.Performances of minor and supporting characters range from acceptable to very good. The leads are very well done. Depp's Sherlock is arrogant and socially awkward yet comically unaware of this; he's also dry almost to the point of being the "straight man". Ejiofor readily elicits sympathy for his exasperated and put-upon Watson. McAvoy's Gnomeo and Blunt's Juliet are played with a good range of emotions, although in my opinion McAvoy goes further, for comedy/action effect.With so many full-CGI movies today, especially those ostensibly meant for children, it's easy for the viewer to get jaded and miss the details. This is unfortunate, because often the filmmakers put great detail into their films which enrich the viewing, even if those details are only seen subconsciously. "Sherlock Gnomes" is just such a movie, with often stunningly-rendered CGI. In an "over the shoulder" shot of Sherlock talking with Juliet, the side of his pointy, aquiline nose can be seen; it shows flecks and minor chips like an actual ceramic figure would have. This gives more visual weight to the scene than it would've had if that surface were rendered simply as a smooth plane. In another scene, we see that the apron strings tied around Juliet's back are not three-dimensional moving objects; they are in fact rendered to look hand-painted on, as they would be on an actual garden figure. A city scene of people walking past shops is so well-rendered, for a moment I actually thought I was seeing footage rather than animation. Along with the quality of the CGI, this film also has highly creative visuals. Sherlock's "mind palace" sequences are beautifully rendered as line-art animations.It is this rich detail which makes the film's one down point stand out so poorly. While the movie's soundtrack features much music by Elton John and Bernie Taupin, this is not a musical. For me, the inclusion of what was in essence a music video in the middle of the story was very jarring. The song is performed by a doll voiced by Mary J. Blige. Her character is well-rendered, and her dialogue is nicely delivered; however her singing style combined with the over-produced music made the lyrics almost entirely unintelligible. I found myself wandering off, which was regrettable because I realized I had been missing more great visuals. In the background are very impressive "dance troupe" animations which clearly have Ziegfeld/Berkeley/Esther Williams-esque choreography. These are easy to miss but definitely deserve to be noticed.Some weak gags in the trailer are not used in the film, to the film's improvement; one that does remain leads to a "Hound of the Baskervilles" reference which works well.Finally, the film's well-placed tribute to Ray Harryhausen is to be greatly appreciated.Overall, "Sherlock Gnomes" is a surprisingly well-executed and enjoyable comedy. Only that misplaced song keeps me from scoring it higher. This is a great movie for kids, and a creative treat for adults, especially parents. 9 out of 10.
9 Nice clown. Stupid and pointless story. At one point it became boring just about killing one, killing another. It started off in a way it actually made me curious about it.. then boo. Your usual psychopath with no background story that goes on a killing spree precisely on Halloween night. I did like the killings though. Lol it's for the sake of blood and gore that I'm rating this 3.
9 "I have seen stalks of corn with better physiques." Sergeant Howell (Vince Vaughn) Director Mel Gibson is an action genius and along with that compliment, let's add he knows his violence. Hacksaw Ridge is a true and heroic story of the first conscientious objector to receive the Medal of Honor for bravery in battle. Brave also could be any attempt to separate the film from its controversial director, but I'll let the film speak for itself.The contradiction is real: Desmond T. Doss (Andrew Garfield) was a Seventh Day Adventist who not only refused to work on Saturdays, but he also refused even to touch a gun. Through the intervention at a court martial of his improbably brave and conflicted father (Hugo Weaving), Doss is allowed to serve as a medic under those conditions, proving to all that he could be braver saving men at Okinawa's Hacksaw Ridge than anyone else (75 men as a medic with a flair for ingenious rescuing).Although Director Gibson is best known for his graphic depictions of violence in Apocalypto and The Passion of the Christ, he can also be accused, along with writers Andrew Knight and Robert Schenkkan, of clichéd story telling. The film's two parts, at home and at war, follow some pretty trite set-ups such as the mountain boy smitten by the nurse, the call to righteous service, the tough drill sergeant ( a terrific Vince Vaughn, see opening quote), and the sentimental trench dialogue.Yet these flaws work when the story needs them to establish Doss's kind heart, courage, and the essential goodness of fellow combatants as they confess they misread him and his conscientious objection. If you can forgive the almost unreal, lush setting for his youth in Lynchburg, Virginia, and his mooning for his future wife, Dorothy (Teresa Palmer), then you will enjoy seeing a real hero in a real war.Yes, Gibson knows how to depict action, not just pain, and it helps make Hacksaw Ridge a welcome addition to war films that tell true stories. And lest I forget, welcome back, Mel; you have been redeemed.
9 Here begins the greatest cinematic epic of all time, and arguably one of the greatest stories ever told. Originally conceived as a serialized popcorn movie in the manner of the old action movies that Lucas grew up with, Star Wars surpassed even George's keen and bombastic imagination to become a central part of movie history.There are countless tales of the making of this movie; how Lucas never believed he would get the chance to complete the series, how it spawned an industry and made the name of nearly everyone who touched it a household word. But what that does not reveal, nor do the much diminished prequels, is the sheer joy and excitement these movies generated.It was a once in a lifetime experience. You could feel it from opening day, earlier if you paid attention to such things. We had never seen anything like it, and we are not likely to again.This episode finds young Luke Skywalker yearning to leave the agrarian life he has with his aunt and uncle, and chase after adventure as his friends before him have already done. And what adventure there is. The galaxy is in the grip of a massive rebellion against a tyrannical and oppressive empire, but on Luke's home planet, it's something you only dare speak of in a whisper.Along come two robots, "Droids" for short, who inadvertently involve Luke in a stellar attempt to contact an old wizard named Ben Kenobi, who lives in the caves near Luke's home.The rest is history, and there isn't a person alive in the civilized world who doesn't have at least some awareness of the epic story that unfolds. Luke's rise from adolescent obscurity on Tatooine to a leading role in the greatest struggle of all time is told with humor, action, adventure, and always a sense of story that is unmatched on the screen or on the page.With the completion of the prequel trilogy, these films are enjoying a renewed popularity among a generation that never saw the films on the big screen, and the theatric revivals are almost guaranteed. Go. Get some popcorn. And may the Force be with you.
9 This is easily one of my favourite movies of all time. do not be put off of watching this movie because of its run time(3 hours) because those 3 hours will just fly by as this movie is so interesting and such a huge success. tom hanks is the main character but i think that Micheal Clarke Duncan really does steal the spotlight away from him. Stephen kings novel (with the same title) is not as good as the movie but it still stands tall i would recommend viewing this little gem if you're a fan of tom hanks or Stephen king.i have never watched a movie that has made me cry but i have to say i was very close to tears after the undeniable ending.the script is just outstanding and the acting is spot on.the storyline is very original as i have never seen anything like this before and i don't think anyone will ever try to copy it.if you're thinking about viewing this title and you haven't seen it already i suggest you get the tissues ready.
9 I first saw this film on the BBC when it was aired in it's mini series format. I was 13 at the time and was totally blown away by it. Up until then, the only war films i had seen were gung-ho movies, with GI's firing tommy guns from the hip at hoardes of evil Nazis. To see a film that showed 'the enemy' as human beings, with hopes, fears and dreams was something else to a 13 yr old kid. As i grew up i began to understand more about the second world war and was able to make up my own mind as to whether the 'evil Nazis' were all that the cinema portrayed them to be, but 'Das Boot' always stuck at the back of my mind as an outstanding example of how to show fighting men, from what ever side, in the best possible way.Lots of people rave about 'Saving Private Ryan' being the ultimate WW2 film. Although good, it isn't a patch on Das Boot. The Boat has everything; Fine actors, an excellent script (which doesn't deviate from the Novel at all) and excellent hand-held camera work, supported by brilliant lighting, and 20 years before 'Private Ryan' too!Das Boot is an excellent example of how to depict the horrors of war without resorting to a blood and gore fest and it remains a film that everyone should see it it's entirity at least once.
9 As a fan of Groundhog Day, Final Destination and Edge of Tomorrow, I was surprised how much I liked it. It was just well done and it worked on all levels.I watch a lot of movies and hate most of them, but this one worked for me.
9 The Wachowski brothers really did excel themselves with this movie. It's a brilliant movie on a number of different levels - the directing is excellent, the camera work is great, the visuals are stunning, the kung-fu is A+, acting is executed with style and conviction, and the plot is truly inspired. It's really hard to use enough superlatives on this movie!It'd be a 10/10, except for the ending. Having Neo do what he does at the end really lets it down, in my opinion. However, there's a couple of sequels on the way, so let's see what the Wachowskis can do to make up for it.Other than that, (and like I said above) the movie is operating on so many different levels that each time you watch it, you pick up something new... this isn't by accident, either. The Wachowski brothers had the actors read a number of definitive works (Simulation & Simulcra was one I believe) in modern literature and psychology, and applied liberal dashings of aspects of the major religions to provide the best sci-fi movie of the decade, if not ever.I'm yet to meet somebody who hasn't enjoyed it. It's my favourite movie to watch on a good cinema system, too.
9 Sergio goes Hollywood for this big-name, big-budget Spaghetti Western. Fonda, Bronson, Robards and Cardinale queue up and take Leone's choreographic direction in an epic tale of blood and revenge.Frank is a bad guy who has killed a lot of people.  He now works for a railroad entrepreneur whose ruthless sterile tracks are spreading ever westward.  The time has come for the real Americans to confront both the railroad and Frank.Leone sat down with film intellectuals Bernardo Bertolucci and Dario Argento and watched dozens of Hollywood westerns.  From this saturation-viewing emerged a 300-page treatment which was eventually distilled into the script, penned by Leone and Sergio Donati.  There are conscious echoes of "Shane" and "High Noon" in the meticulously-plotted screenplay.  Ennio Morricone apparently sat in on the planning stage and had composed the score in toto before shooting began, the reverese of the usual process of fitting music to existing footage.  The result is a tight matching of soundtrack and visuals.  Robards, Bronson and Cardinale each have musical 'signatures' which play whenever their characters are onscreen. Bronson's is an eerily-wailing harmonica, Robards has the plonking banjo and Cardinale the lush strings.  So intricately was everything structured that the themes were available to be played on set, so that the actors could co-ordinate every nuance of gesture to fit with the score.The film is a grandiose lament to the death of the Wild West.  Decay is everywhere to be seen.  Streets, bars, buildings and people all have a beat-up, grungy look.  When Cheyenne (Robards) pauses beside a rough-hewn wooden post, there is little difference in texture between his face and the post.  Morton the cripple is killing the romantic West of open spaces with his "snail trail" of railroad tracks, leaving the fine adventurous men (Cheyenne and Harmonica) nowhere to go.There can be few opening scenes with the visual and aural brilliance of this one.  Three bad guys stake out Flagstone's railroad depot in a High Noon pastiche.  Jack Elam (who was actually in "High Noon") leads the villains.  The only spoken words throughout this long (but totally gripping) scene are uttered by the old station clerk.  Haunting rhythms raise the tension to an unbearable pitch ... the squeaking windmill, the chattering tickertape, the creaking bench.  This wonderful crescendo climaxes with the appearance of Bronson, a sequence as stylised and choreographed as a Shinto ceremony, all the more effective for the absence of spontaneity.Equal to and counterbalancing this scene is the very next one, the introduction of Frank.  This time it is "Shane" that gets the treatment as the McBain boy spots five men in yellow duster topcoats.  A growing sense of unease on the McBain homestead is beautifully conveyed (was the stopping of a cicada chirp ever so effective?)  A cinematic multiple orgasm ensues, with the musical theme crashing in as the boy sees the devastation, and the camera swoops round to reveal the baddie to be none other than Henry Fonda as Morricone's trademark solitary tubular bell peals out.Cheyenne's entrance is also a piece of impressive cinema.  Inside Lionel Stander's strange labyrinthine tavern, quite unlike any saloon ever filmed before, the violence which hovers around Cheyenne like a dustcloud is heard but not seen, preparing us for his appearance in person.  The sliding of the lamp towards Bronson works brilliantly, the film's two good men sharing the light of humour, the symbolic forging of a meaningful friendship.By a slow accretion, the plot reveals itself.  The leviathan of the railroad must be stopped, and there must be a reckoning with Frank. Gradually the fates of the main characters converge, and swim into sharp focus for the shoot-out.It is not the story, excellent though that is, which lingers in the memory, but rather a hundred individual flashes of brilliance:  Claudia Cardinale (are those eyes for real?) filmed on the bed, viewed vertically downward, through a lace canopy: Cheyenne's surprise method of concealing himself on the train: Morton ("when you're not on that train, you're like a turtle out of its shell") imprisoned by the armature that helps him walk: the 'heartbeat' of the train's engine during the cardgame: the tension of the ambush preparations against Frank: the eruption of guitar music as Bronson enters the frame: Bronson's stillness and self-possession, the emblem of his righteousness: Fonda's eyes flickering rapidly in his motionless head, denoting the waning of his self-confidence: the amazing super-close-ups of Bronson: and the weird brick arch, the only man-made intrusion into the entire terrain, and the focus of human depravity.
9 Having seen the trailers and TV set-up (BBC as a Grand Prix insert) I was thinking OK so I've probably seen the best of this and it's going to be 'clunky' in parts or too far up it's own a$$.But hey we can all be wrong, Ron Howard has added depth to a story I knew well, the presentation has a feel for the era the colour's are sometimes harsh and edgy.The set pieces are well researched, the owners of some of the classic F1 hardware must have had an enjoyable time (not quite so sure about the Insurance Underwriters).Where the story hits the spot for me is the acting of the main protagonists, they have life and depth. Hemsworths presentation of James Hunt is uncanny it's like a documentary he's almost as good as Daniel Day-Lewis in Lincoln.If your not a F1 fan or from the 70's it may not be more than a blokes film, but give it a go it is going to end up being a important as Apollo 13 in the life of Mr Howard and quite frankly is by far the best car racing movie ever
9 incredible! certainly the front runner for the best animated film of the year. from the first to the last frame this film is as good as an animated film gets on almost every level. beautifully written, designed and executed. though an incredible movie, it's not quite perfection - probably due to time and budget limitations (is there ever enough of either?). that said, the problems i had are far too few to mention. if dragon doesn't absolutely slay at the box office i'll lose faith in middle America. congrats to the filmmakers - you've made a masterpiece and you made me feel like a kid again. thank you.
9 The story begins in the present days, in a barbecue party in the slum of 'Cidade de Deus', with some bandits chasing a chicken. Then, a teenager called Buscapé (Alexandre Rodrigues) tells the story of the Cidade de Deus and the main characters of the movie (Zé Pequeno, Bené, Cenoura etc.), since they were kids. This movie takes place in Cidade de Deus, a set of buildings originally built in the 60's for poor persons originated from a big flooding in Rio and from some slums. In the 60's, this area was isolated, without any infrastructure. Nowadays, with the construction boom, it is located close to Barra da Tijuca and Jacarepaguá, very valuables zones. Rio de Janeiro City is surrounded by slums, where the situation presented in the film is the reality of thousands and thousands of honest poor persons. This movie is remarkable: the screenplay, the direction, the performance of the cast, everything works perfectly. The frantic camera looks like a documentary. Today the DVD was released in Brazil, I bought it and I have just watched it with my family. I really can imagine the reaction of foreigners watching this sad side of Rio de Janeiro. It is strange, because a person who does not live in Rio probably may think that this movie exaggerates in some aspects. However, this is our reality. Lost bullets, robberies, violence is part of our day-by-day life. By the other hand, the same person may think that life in Rio 'stinks', and again it is not true. My city, like a golden coin, has two sides: heads and tails. If you can afford, you have wonderful places to live. But unfortunately, a great part of the population lives in slums, like the ones showed in this movie. The lack of perspective in life of the children, unemployment, ridiculous salaries, lack of education, lack of the faith, all of these factors contributes for the formation of the next generation of drug dealers and bandits. The traffic offers positions to the kids, like showed in this movie. And in the end, even when the 'grown-ups' are arrested or murdered, there is a bunch of children to occupy the spot. A sad social problem, but true. My vote is ten.Title (Brazil): "Cidade de Deus" ("City of God")
9 I certainly wouldn't be saying anything new if I said that "8 1/2" is one of the most unique, fascinating, and personal pieces ever committed to film. It has consistently hailed as such, and its influence on film is far reaching and undeniable.  It is certainly not one of the most entertaining movies of all time, and is actually quite long and difficult.  But it is an incredible piece of filmmaking, and a gripping look at the difficulties of creating not just a movie, but art in general.Guido (Marcello Mastroianni) is a popular movie director who is working on his new film.  Along the way, he struggles with his screenwriter, producer, wife, and mistress.  Each presents a different problem and obstacle.  More and more difficulties arise, not just in his attempts to complete the movie, but in his own mind.Guido, although flawed, is completely fleshed out, and draws sympathy from the audience.  Yes, he is an adulterer, but he loves his wife.  We see all of his personal desires and agony.  We see how he suffers when he struggles with his desire to create the ultimate piece of art, one that offers something to everybody.The movie is technically wonderful.  The movement of the camera, the lighting, and the direction in general is top notch.  The movie mixes in dreams with reality to create a dreamlike world, and put us closer into Guido's own mind.Somebody who is looking for a movie as a two hour piece of entertainment will not enjoy this.  But if you enjoy a movie that truly satisfies when it is finished, this is for you.  It is quite long, and somewhat loose, but that is part of the interest.  Moviemakers, or artists in general, will find that this film has a great deal to offer.
9 Jigsaw doesn't have over the top traps, where you chop off your arm (Saw VI). OR impossible traps where you put your hand in a jar of acid to retrieve a key just to get your chest ripped open (Saw III). History repeats itself and Jigsaw goes back to their old roots being simple, with basic traps and a mind blowing ending. Unfortunately there's one trap I disliked, it involves lasers. It relies on CGI too much, the stakes are high but the practical traps are way more fun and creative. With wires, tricks, chains, a puppet and the classic pig head, this film will leave you a with a smile on your face.
9 Excellent cinematography and costume, I was surprised this movie costs only 55m$ dollar.The whole movie is creepy but not many jump scares. However, for a romantic drama, this is scary enough.The cast is amazing, Tom H, Mia W, Jessica C all did remarkably good job.The sex scene is a little bit funny, silly to be more exact.The first part of the movie is too cheesy, but it gets more complicated and intense over time.Overall, this movie is OK. It's engrossing and interesting, I highly recommend it.
9 Had I known what kind of film (gothic creep) A Cure was, I wouldn't have watched it. Had I known Gore Verbinski directed it, I'd have eagerly looked forward to it, expecting something along the lines of the Pirates of movies and Rango. Instead, I was treated to a tour de force in cinematography, superb acting, and a tense and exciting ride. A Cure is not an easy film to watch. While it is not exactly full-on horror, it certainly ratchets up the tension with music, atmosphere, and uncertainty about what is real or not. It is a long film, but I never felt it drag or that any scenes were wasted. And oh what scenes! Something as simple as a car driving up a hill - stunning reflections glimpsed on the bonnet (hood). Half-face lighting highlighting the descent in madness - or not. Gorgeous architecture contrasting with sterile settings of a sanatorium. Hardly a scene went by that was not an iconic shot. DeHaan was perfect in the role, as others have mentioned reminiscent of de Caprio in Shutter Island. He held the tension between confidence and possible insanity very well, leaving you wondering which way the film would turn. Jason Isaacs was excellent as the doctor you suspected all along, but were you right? And Mia Goth (talk about nominative determinism!) brilliant as Hannah. I can't say I 'enjoyed' A Cure, but it's been a long time since I have relished a film so much for its filmic qualities. If you just want entertainment, this probably won't be your thing. If you are into film and want something a little unusual, I highly recommend A Cure.
9 Billy Wilder knew how to make a great movie. Of course it helps to have one of the greatest all-time actors, Jack Lemon, play in your movies, but Lemon aside, Wilder was a genius. His gift for the comedic moment showed brilliantly on screen and reached deep inside the audience.The Apartment, the last of the great Black and White films, showed a bit darker side to comedy than some of his other romps such as the hilarious Some Like It Hot. Some Like It Hot is just as funny today as it was in 1959. It is pure fun. At no point in the film are we approached with anything that we would take seriously. Let's face it, most of us are not running from the mob disguised as a member from the opposite sex.The Apartment, however, brings up much more human themes and issues. Wilder is an expert and at no time does he leave you worried that it will turn out badly. This is, after all, a comedy. One mistake in the script and the movie could quickly become a deep film about suicide, loneliness, and peer pressure, but Wilder balances the subjects on the edge of a knife and allows us to smile at what could otherwise be a very depressing movie.Wilder and his films like The Apartment are very similar to Shakespeare's comedies. It can be said that the difference between a Shakespeare comedy and tragedy is often not the story, but the ending. In a comedy, everyone is married; in a tragedy, everyone dies. the same is true with The Apartment, it all hinges on the outcomes. If Kubelik dies or Baxter is left alone, the movie would be a tragedy. But since they prevail in the end, the movie comes off as a great comedic success, albeit a bit dark.
9 "Hulk" is a film which is widely considered a failure, both financially and artistically. Yet in the latter category this movie has a lot on offer: masterful editing, good acting and the direction of a true master. What Ang Lee has tried to achieve, namely merging the pulp-story of the Hulk with the scale and drama of a Greek tragedy has been well achieved. The scope of the story and its effects on the characters are only to be taken seriously on a truly grand scale, and by supplying the protagonists with interwoven back-stories Lee and his screenwriters are making it clear that this is not to be seen as a realistic story, but an epic metaphor. Special kudos goes to Timothy Squyres, who does one marvelous job of creating an editing similar to a comic's design. This pays tribute to the source material's pulp origins as well making an impressive visual statement. "Hulk" looks and feels like no other film, which makes it one of the most interesting, if not one of the best comic- adaptations of all time. The crux is that this movie does not know who it's aimed at. The intellectual Ang Lee- connoisseur picks his nose when it comes to the Hulk, simply due to its humble roots, while the average popcorn-cinema-goer is slightly irritated when confronted with the films "odd" approach to comic-movies. This means that only viewers which are a bit of both can truly appreciate this masterpiece. All the other elements for a good piece of entertainment are there and present: Eric Bana is, as usual, fine as the tormented soul which manifests itself in green rage, Jennifer Connelly is as solid as ever and Nick Nolte steals the show with what is a truly weird turn as Bruce Banner's/the Hulk's dad. The visual effects are beautifully executed as well. There is not much left to be desired.It's a pity such an interesting and brave film gets a rating of slightly above 6 at IMDb.
9 Director James Bobin (Muppets 2011 & 2014), along with writer Linda Wolverton (Alice... 2010) once again bring color, amazing CGI effects and easy storytelling (although a bit complicated at times) to Lewis Carroll's book. Skirting Depp's current personal affairs, he once again captures the Mad Hatter, this time with more believable reserved flair enabling him to slip easily into his shy yet disturbed character. Successfully sharing the primarily (and believable) green screen set is the wonderfully adverturist Mia Wasikowska "Alice," Helena Bonham Carter as big head Red Queen "Iracebeth," Anne Hathaway as the less then attractive floating princesses "Marana," quirky Sacha Baron Cohen as "Time," Matt Lucas as the lovable Tweedledee / Tweddledum, and the wonderful voices (to name a few) of Timothy Spall, Ed Spellers and the late Alan Rickman. "Alice Through the Looking Glass" isn't rocket science, it's just a good family film filled with colorfully special effects, a familiar storyline and good acting - regardless of what many a film critic are saying. If anything didn't quite fit into the fantasy environment of the film, it was the closing credits song by vocal artists Pink. Where the film places one firmly in a fantasy environment, Pink's song is too current, thus pulling one away from the established dream-state. Regardless, when Awards time rolls around, "Alice..." should fill its glass with recognition.
9 A Beautiful MindDirector Ron Howard has experience in playing with his audience's heartstrings. Remember in Apollo 13, when the fate of the astronauts was uncertain? (Ok, so if you remember your recent history, you knew.... but still!) Or remember in Parenthood, when Steve Martin's kid was about to make the crucial catch? Ol Opie can still pluck those strings with the best of them. (And you know, he'll never stop being called Opie, even by those of us who never saw The Andy Griffith Show during its initial run.) And plucking heartstrings is not a bad thing at all, not when you can do it in such a sincere, noncloying way as the masterful Beautiful Mind presents to its viewers.John Nash is a mathematics prodigy who has a decided knack at solving previously unsolvable problems. He's socially dysfunctional, rarely looking anyone in the eye, but pours all of his energy - and soul - into producing one original idea, an idea that will distinguish him from all of the other mathemathical minds at Princeton University.But John, like most who have had movies made about them, had his ups and downs. He meets and falls for a beautiful student of his named Alicia (Jennifer Connelly), and they produce a baby. But John also suffers from tremendous delusions and is diagnosed with a form of schizophrenia. Schizophrenia's a tough disease, folks - it's still not fully understood, and Nash was diagnosed with it in the middle of last century. He spends time in a sanitarium, as doctors struggle to find a cure.Russell Crowe is absolutely powerful as the confused and confusing Nash. Although the marquee says "Russell Crowe", you'll immediately forget this is the hunky guy from Gladiator. I mean after all, he's playing some nerdy scientist dude! But Crowe completely disappears in the role, and he's unforgettable. Actors kill for roles like this one, because it gives them a chance to show off their acting chops. For many actors, this is the kiss of death, because then they're exposed as poor thespians. But not for Crowe; if anything, this proves once and for all that he's a grand master of acting. I realize that sounds like overkill for him, but I think that when actors are labeled as a "hunk" - their skills as actors aren't seen as very substantial. Hey, looking darn good worked against Tom Selleck, and to a degree it has worked against Crowe as well.And he ages well, too. The movie takes place over a fairly extended period of time, ending with Nash's acceptance of the Nobel Prize in 1994. The makeup on Nash is neither garish nor schmaltzy; he looks completely genuine. And that's the essence of Crowe's performance. It's sincere, never trying to win over the audience with a sly wink here or a toss of the hair there. Crowe shows remarkable poise, elegance, and is utterly astounding in the role.His supporting cast is more than able. Jennifer Connelly is better than I thought she would be; in most roles, she's the eye candy. But this role had meat to it, and she held her own. It wasn't an easy role to play, and she pulled it off. And her scenes with Crowe do have that movie magic that each of us looks for when we go to movies, that one moment, that compatible chemistry that leaves audiences mesmerized.And yes, this does have some very, very touching moments. The final scene, while predictable (even if you don't know the outcome in real life), will bring more than one tear to the eye. Yes, I'll admit it, it got me right here. But it's okay; I did that old 'guy-crying-in-movie-theater' trick. If you feel the brime falling from the lid, you make a motion toward your cheek and then you scratch vigorously; people might think you have a skin infection and move away slowly, but at least they won't think you're a girly man.At any rate, it's certainly one of the best movies of the year. Everything's in place: the direction, the photography, and especially the acting.
9 Every negative review for this movie is going to point out that this movie is built around a concept that we've seen before. Our protagonist is forced to live through the same day again and again. Groundhog Day and Edge of Tomorrow (both excellent movies) made this idea popular and for some people, they won't be able to get past the fact that this isn't brand new gimmick. I don't have a problem if movies borrow from other movies, they just need to do it effectively and put a fresh spin on it. Happy Death Day certainly accomplishes that. At the beginning, the journey hits the first couple of familiar notes but when Tree starts to realize what's happening, that's when the movie shifts gears. They aren't afraid to play with Tree's tragic end day after day and the movie functions for whole periods as a straight comedy. Luckily, this movie is really funny when it wants to be. The writers know enough to play with certain genre clichés and there's a surprising amount of tongue-in-cheek humour here. The marketing for this is a little misleading, it makes this movie look like a traditional slasher movie when it really ends up being a mishmash of comedy, mystery and horrorOther than the living the same day plot point, Happy Death Day centres around the mystery of who Tree's killer is. The movie throws a bunch of obvious red herrings at you right off the bat and I was glad they took it a less obvious direction. I don't think they overplay their hand either, there are a couple of hints here and there but I think you'd have to be pretty perceptive to guess the twists and turns that Day's plot takes. If I had one complaint, there was a point where they looked like they were heading towards a very sentimental resolution that could have been corny. Its a case of me wanting that for these characters. They bypass that though and keep going and while I understand the decision, I might have preferred that wrap-up instead.Another turnoff for certain audience members might be Tree's personality as a character. She's a real b!#@% when we first meet her and I'm not exaggerating. The first time she meets her killer, I wasn't feeling sorry for her. But even when she's at her worst, she still has a certain charisma that you want to keep rooting for her. Writing characters that aren't perfect and are selfish that you want to follow is an art that so many horror movies get wrong. I liked how Tree grows (no pun intended) and by the end I really wanted her to find a happy ending somehow.I don't often get to really discover actors and actresses. Most of the movies I watch are pretty mainstream and by the time someone becomes a lead, you've probably heard about them from somewhere. I wasn't familiar with Jessica Rothe at all but she anchored this movie as Tree. This is a stand up and take notice kind of performance, she's multi-faceted in handling both the drama and the comedy in this movie. I hope this movie is just a stepping stone to bigger things for her and I think the last time I walked away from a movie so impressed with an actress I didn't know was Margot Robbie in The Wolf of Wall Street. Israel Broussard is easy to like as Carter, he's easy going enough that his character's relationship with Tree builds up organically. Rachel Matthews is funny as Danielle Bouseman, she's playing a very stereotypical character (stuck up sorority rich girl) but she nails it. Ruby Modine is sweet as Lori and Charles Aitken is appropriately slimy as Gregory Butler,I couldn't believe how charmed I was by this movie. I didn't plan on going to see this, it was a very spur of the moment thing and walking out of the theatre I was blown away. Happy Death Day isn't the best movie I've seen this year but its the biggest movie-going surprise of the year for me. It features a great turn from an up and coming actress, a good mystery, some well placed meta humour and a willingness to play within its central conceit. The marketing for this movie doesn't show how creative and fun it is and I would urge you to give this a shot. We've come off the summer blockbusters and we're still too early for the awards contenders so if you're looking for something to check out, Happy Death Day is an extremely fun hour and a half at the movies. Also, make sure to show up on time, there's a gag pulled with the opening credits that hints at what's to come.
9 Watching On The Waterfront nowadays, two scenes stand out head and shoulders above the rest. First is the impassioned speech by Father Barry (Karl Malden) to the gathered dock workers in the hull of a ship where he tries to rally them against the mobsters running their lives. Second is the confrontation between Terry and Charlie Malloy (Marlon Brando and Rod Steiger) in the back of a taxi which ends in one brother pointing a gun at the other and Brando's now legendary "contender speech." Both of them are sequences where the characters do nothing but talk but each is a fine example of what makes On The Waterfront the undeniable classic it is; acting, scripting, cinematography, music, everything fits into one cohesive whole and the end result is a welcome addition to any film collection.The story here concerns Terry Malloy, a New York shipyard worker who finds his conscience bothering him when one of his friends is murdered. Terry at first is a tough guy with a grim outlook ("you know my philosophy on life, give it to 'em before they give to you") who despite his inner turmoil refuses to confess anything to the Police as it would make him a "rat." However, the arrival of Malden's headstrong Preacher and the victim's innocent sister Edie (Eva Marie Saint in her debut appearance) throws his deaf and dumb world into chaos. Soon, Terry finds himself falling for Edie and the Preacher's words hit home, leaving the angry young dockworker to question what's really right. The mob meanwhile aren't too happy about Terry's UNHEALTHY RELATIONSHIP and begin to pile on the pressure, especially his older brother Charlie who's torn between loyalty to his boss and looking out for his younger sibling. Before anyone can put a lid on things, the dockyard becomes a very tense place to be.Brando of course puts his heart and soul into his performance. Terry by his very nature isn't one to carry his heart on his sleeve and so the great Method Actor is left to convey his turmoil through body language alone. It is a testament to how good he is that you can tell exactly what Terry is feeling even though he hardly ever expresses it verbally. Instead his shoulders hunch with resigned indignation and his eyes spark with anger, Brando playing the part so well he more or less disappears into the character completely. While he may have taken a lot of the credit however, he is far from the only strong presence in the film as Karl Malden's rock hard Preacher is just as compelling, his depiction of the dignified man of Christ who isn't afraid to drink beer and smoke cigarettes with the Wharf rats being a refreshingly positive portrayal of a Catholic leader. Eva Marie Saint meanwhile puts in a convincing portrayal of Edie, but she is hamstrung a little by some old fashioned writing. Her pursuit of her brother's murderers give her some powerful moments but there are a couple of instances where it becomes all too clear that the part was written by a man. However, she still gives us one of the most touching moments in the film, a confrontation with Terry where most of their chat is disrupted by a tug horn that is achingly sad despite the absence of dialogue.Acting is only one half of the equation of course and needless to say, the story remains constantly gripping. The murder that opens the film leaves an instant grip on the viewer's attention and as Terry spirals further into an intricate web of half truths, things get incredibly dark. The New York tenement blocks that tower over the proceedings provide an imposing sense of claustrophobia while the rooftops are a smoke laden jungle of chimney stacks and TV aerials. However, if you look closely it becomes apparent that the crew still had some fun with the material and there is some subtle humour to be had - a wedding party degenerating into a brawl and a bar full of panicked customers emptying into the streets followed by a shot of one isolated individual desperately jumping into the bathroom.All in all therefore, On The Waterfront is a film that is thoroughly deserving of its reputation. Brando excels in his role and heads up a highly talented cast giving it their all. Most of all though, it's an engaging and captivating story of urban paranoia, filled with tough guys spitting out slang in barking New York accents. Think you're a big shot, do ya? Huh? Well do us all a favour and check this one out. Ah enough a youse guys, ged outta here.
9 After the Alien-debacle Fincher proved all the critics wrong. This film is one of the best in a genre that hasn't been very innovative for a long time.Everyone know's the story by now, so I won't waste time telling it. This film was trend setting with it's dark, gritty look and opening sequence. We still see it copied in movies and TV-series today. Everything is great about this film. I guess if anything, the weakest link in the film is Pitt, who is grossly overshadowed by Freeman. But let's not look for flaws when there really aren't any. The script is intelligent and uncompromising. The direction is innovative en daring. The production-design and cinematography are top-notch.Fincher is one of the big boys in Tinseltown these days. Seven is the reason why.
9 Blade Runner, directed by Ridley Scott and based on Philip K. Dick's novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep, is a Sci-fi slash Noir film about a cop named Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford) in a decrepit 2019 Los Angeles whose job it is to "retire" four genetically engineered syborgues, known as "Replicants".  The four fugitives, Pris (Daryl Hannah), Zhora (Joanna Cassidy), Leon (Brion James), and their leader, Roy Batty (Rutger Hauer), have escaped from an off-world colony in order to find their creator and bully him into expanding their pre-determined four year life span.  This film originally flopped when it came out in 1982, but since has become a widely acclaimed cult classic with a director's cut to boot.  A large part of the success that this movie has received can be attributed to its ability to operate on many different levels.Ridley Scott's hauntingly possible depiction of what might become of Los Angeles down the line is absolutely brilliant.  It captures elements of Noir with its urban atmosphere of decadence, lighting, and characters neither clearly defined as good nor evil.  Corruption is everywhere.  The garbage-littered streets and permanence of dark and rain give us the sense that we've seriously screwed up the atmosphere, and the impression that all respectable human beings have fled to the off-world colonies, leaving only the scum of the earth behind.There is a hint of style from the 40's, especially with respect to cars, costumes, and music.  Rachael's entire outfit, including her hair, screams the 40's.The soundtrack, arranged by Vangelis (who won an Oscar for his Chariots of Fire score), consisted mainly of Jazz and Blues.  This functioned to represent a dark, moody world of uncertainty and pessimism.The special effects were exceptional.  Much of the set was pulled off using models.  In my opinion, sets made by hand require leagues more of skill and are much more impressive and realistic than those computer generated.  These guys really knew what they were doing.  I was especially fond of the pyramidesque Tyrell Corporation building, which hinted at the god-like presence of Eldon Tyrell (Joe Turkell), the creator.The script (Hampton Fancher, David Peoples, and of course Phil Dick) worked for me, as well as the actors who gave voice to it.  Harrison Ford was well...Harrison Ford.  I thought he did a tremendous job down-playing the role.  His voice-over narration helped you along, and was yet another feature conducive to Film Noir (apparently this was taken out of the Director's Cut).  Rutger Hauer's performance was intense.  His lines at the end were intriguingly philosophical.  Daryl Hannah's chilling robotic expressions were quite impressive.  Joanna Cassidy was just plain hot.There is more to this film than just pulp.  It works on so many remarkable levels.  The movie itself is a detective noir quest for the meaning of life in a science fiction environment, but the story is a commentary on what it means to be human and the questions each one of us have about life, like: How long have I to live?  Why do I have to die?  What happens when I die? Doesn't my maker care?  Is this all merely an illusion?  At the end of the film we are left to wonder if these Replicants are human, and if Deckard himself is in fact a Replicant.  Scott raises more questions here than he answers, and as a result, critics are still debating the mysteries of this film today.  In a sense, the ambiguity of Blade Runner is the culprit of its success.
9 It's difficult on a first viewing of "The Grapes of Wrath" not to be somewhat disappointed with it. So much of Steinbeck's beautiful novel is left out of the film, and it's hard to see his story and characters wedged into the "gee whizz" style of film-making so prevalent at the time. But once you get beyond a comparison of the movie to the book, you begin to realize that John Ford created a beautiful piece of work of his own, and the film inspires a great deal of admiration, and deserves credit for its gutsiness at tackling a story that wouldn't have gone down smoothly with film executives at the time.Of course the most controversial parts of the book are left out (like its final image, for example), but Ford still managed to work around the constraints forced upon him to fashion a hard-biting film. Henry Fonda is perfect casting for Tom Joad--never have his otherworldly eyes been used to greater effect. And Jane Darwell is pitch-perfect as Ma Joad--she captures the tough-as-nails dignity that the character has in the novel. The whole movie is lit by expert cinematographer Gregg Toland, who uses shadow and reflection to cast a ghostly pall over everything. Indeed, much of what Ford wasn't able to include in the film as words he communicates instead through images, and isn't that what a good book-to-film adaptation should do? One of those films that feels ahead of its time.Grade: A
9 Downfall is the gripping depiction of the last few days of the Second World War in Europe, as the Russians advance into Berlin and approach ever nearer the bunker of Adolf Hitler who still believes their advance can be stopped...Bruno Ganz turns in a terrific performance as Hitler, paying great attention to detail (including the regional accent and the effects of Parkinson's disease) that really make him into a believable person which is a lot more frightening to watch than the usual two-dimensional characterisations that are usually seen on screen. Ganz manages to dominate the screen with the same effectiveness that allowed Hitler to get followers of such devotion that despite his atrocities and the horror of the situation many are prepared to stay with him and fight to the death while the possibility of escape or surrender remains open to them. He is almost schizophrenic - at some moments he is almost gentle, such as some of the scenes with his secretary, then shortly afterwards he is practically foaming at the mouth in his contempt for the civilian population of Berlin who he will not raise a finger to try to save by surrendering to the Allies.The other actors are not very well known - at least on the international arena, but this added greatly to the authentic feel. Some of the senior Nazi leaders are hardly more sympathetic than their Fuhrer - Himmler in particular shows only personal ambition while pretending loyalty. Other characters such as the caring SS doctor who finds elderly patients simply abandoned in a hospital or the father who desperately tries to persuade his son who must be around 12-14 not to get involved and perish in a hopeless cause are succinctly realised.The film is expertly shot, with the unreal atmosphere in the bunker captured perfectly where Hitler raves about army units that barely or cease to exist coming to the rescue of the Reich and orders oilfields re-captured for 'long distance missions' when the Russian troops are barely a few hundred metres away.There is no glory shown in the battle scenes as the outcome is always a foregone conclusion making the resulting deaths even more moving. Watching young children and old men trying to hold off the Russian advance with inadequate weaponry is tragic in the knowledge that they are dying for no real purpose other than the whims of a handful of madmen.Very few films have depicted the tragic waste of life that war provokes better than Downfall and this turns out to be one of the best movies concerning the conflict that claimed over 50 million lives.
9 Environment is Frankenstein for situations gone bad, and, actions which become instigated for the wrong reason... Everyone in the movie is basically alright, just a little twisted, despite what side of the law they are masquerading under!!...The film, "Paper Moon", based on the book "Adie Pray", so succinctly accommodates the definition of a comedy by correlating to all of the diverse characteristics of human error!!Isn't it funny!! isn't it cute!! isn't it slightly sordid, and pretty illegal!! Most of all!! Isn't "Paper Moon" a film which initiates a compendium of some of the most creative types of humor you have ever seen in virtually any movie made whatsoever!!! To quote another movie ("A Funny Thing Happened To Me On The Way To The Forum") "Nothing with kings, nothing with crowns, bring on the LOVERS!! liars and clowns"..."Old situations, new complications, something for everyone it's Comedy" (Ryan O'Neal) "Comedy" (Tatum O'Neal) "Comedy" (Madeline Kahn) "Comedy" (John Hilerman) "Comedy" (Randy Quaid) TONIGHT!!!".. How devoutly we the movie audience will root for the underdog...Fathers and daughters are suppose to go to chocolate cake socials in the public school gymnasium together, they are not suppose to be swindling bootleggers, merchants, and well to do widows!!!!! ..The precarious camaraderie between Ryan and Tatum O'Neal resonates itself to whereby con games are a dangerous form of nefarious fun!! Their overall philosophy being: "Please understand that we are only human!" "Let us hasten to add" "Please understand that we are only human, and the country is in the middle of the Depression!!!" This movie is hilarious! If you are not laughing outwardly throughout the entire film, your eyes are smiling every minute of this incredibly funny film.. guaranteed!! The plot is very well developed in this movie, and, the acting, cinematography, and director, are all first rate with this comedy classic!! In my opinion, Ryan O'Neal has never been better, of course, I'm not a woman!! The role of the charming finagler by default, suits Ryan O'Neal perfectly!!! Tatum O'Neal has never been better!! Her role is such that even as young as Adie is, she realizes that situational survival necessitates pecuniary chicanery!!! The whole thirties genre with this movie is sensational!! "Paper Moon" is one of my favorite movies of all time, I even love the song!!...The title was conjured up as a result of Tatum giving Ryan a picture of herself sitting on a paper moon at a carnival...It is sort of a love by way of a kindred spirit..There is love through marriage! There is love through family and friendship bonds!! There is love through sexual encounters! This love, however, is predicated on the parlayed premise of "Hey! Don't we make a great team of cons, no one swindles people with more finesse than the two of us...Don't you think?".. In 1973, when this movie was released, it manufactured a tailor made invitation for the moviegoer to be empathetic with the thought patterns of a con man!! "Sting" came out that year too, and "Sting" won for best picture in 1973. The mercurial charm of a swindler, and, his wickedly clever wiles of debauchery, became a train of thought which garnered a fascinating charisma with the movie audience that year!! The director of the film, "Paper Moon" Peter Bogdanovich, sets his own standards for the definition of a great movie...He articulates an aspect of human nature whereby the characters in the movie are innately aware of their seedier side!!! They are cajoled by lucrative adversity, and thus, very susceptible to the yearnings of the proverbial larceny in the soul!! Bogdanovich evokes a bittersweet empathy for the performing actors in his movie, as well as the emotions of people in general, this is what makes him an excellent director!! "Paper Moon" is Bogdanovich's prize movie, mostly on account of it's artistic gratification!!! I am impressed!!! Like I said before, I loved this movie!!
9 Here's the basic plot. Clemintine and Joel have a long, rocky relationship. Clemintine decides to get Joel erased from her memory, so Joel decides to do the same, only while Joel is in the process of the erasing, he comes back around to the really sweet, nice memories, and realizes that he wants out of the procedure. Now here's what I thought about it. This movie is completely amazing. Totally original story and wonderful directing. Some of the best directing that i've seen in any movie. Some of the best original music too. This is in my top five favorites, and it also boosted Jim Carrey into one of my favorite actors. You know you have a good movie on your hands when the next day you're still thinking about parts of it, and you want to see those parts again. If you haven't seen this, I recommend that you check it out. It's different, in a really good way. There's not much more to tell you about it. If you want to see the Ace Ventura Jim Carrey, than you should absolutely skip this one. But if you want to see a side of him and Kate Winslet that you've never seen, or if you want to see a total original movie with wonderful cinematography and really great music, then by all means, you should absolutely see this one!
9 This movie is supposed to be entertaining, and because it succeeded in that regard as far as I am concerned, it's a very good movie. This is the kind of movie you should watch with a glass of beer in your hand. Enjoy the story for what it is and drink your beer. If you approach this movie with an analytic mind, you're probably not going to enjoy it. The plot's got more holes in it than a Swiss cheese and it shouldn't be treated as a deep, psychological study of the human mind.Who the heck has the patience for that? Just enjoy it on a basic, emotional level and I'm sure you'll have a good time.Enjoy!
9 '12 Angry Men' is an outstanding film. It is proof that, for a film to be great, it does not need extensive scenery, elaborate costumes or expensive special effects - just superlative acting.The twelve angry men are the twelve jurors of a murder case. An eighteen-year-old boy from a slum background is accused of stabbing his father to death and faces the electric chair if convicted. Eleven of the men believe the boy to be guilty; only one (Henry Fonda) has doubts. Can he manage to convince the others?The court case provides only a framework, however. The film's greatness lies in its bringing-together of twelve different men who have never met each other before and the interaction of their characters as each man brings his own background and life experiences into the case. Thus, we have the hesitant football coach (Martin Balsam), the shy, uncertain bank clerk (John Fiedler), the aggressive call company director (Lee J. Cobb), the authoritative broker (E.G. Marshall), the self-conscious slum dweller (Jack Klugman), the solid, dependable painter (Edward Binns), the selfish salesman (Jack Warden), the calm, collected architect (Fonda), the thoughtful, observant older man (Joseph Sweeney), the racially bigoted garage owner (Ed Begley), the East European watchmaker (George Voskovec) and the beefcake advertising agent (Robert Webber) who has plenty of chat and little else.Almost the entire film takes place in just one room, the jury room, where the men have retired to consider their verdict. The viewer finds him or herself sweating it out with the jury as the heat rises, literally and metaphorically, among the men as they make their way towards their final verdict. Interestingly, the jurors (apart from two at the end) are never named. They do not need to be. Their characters speak for them.Henry Fonda is eminently suitable and excellently believable as the dissenter who brings home the importance of a jury's duty to examine evidence thoroughly and without prejudice. Joseph Sweeney is delightful as Juror No. 9, the quiet but shrewd old man who misses nothing, whilst E.G. Marshall brings his usual firmness and authority to the role of Juror No. 4. All the actors shine but perhaps the best performance is that of Lee J. Cobb as Juror No. 3, the hard, stubborn, aggressive, vindictive avenger who is reduced to breaking down when forced to confront the failure of his relationship with his own son.Several of the stars of '12 Angry Men' became household names. Henry Fonda continued his distinguished career until his death in 1982, as well as fathering Jane and Peter. Lee J. Cobb landed the major role of Judge Henry Garth in 'The Virginian'. E.G. Marshall enjoyed a long, reputable career on film and t.v., including playing Joseph P. Kennedy in the 'Kennedy' mini-series. Jack Klugman was 'Quincy' whilst John Fiedler voiced Piglet in the 'Winnie The Pooh' films and cartoons.Of the twelve, only John Fiedler, Jack Klugman and Jack Warden* are still alive. Although around the eighty mark, they are all still acting. The film was still available on video last year and it is shown on t.v. fairly frequently. I cannot recommend it too highly!(*John Fiedler died June 2005. Jack Warden died July 2006.)
9 The answer is simple, they just can't make they Universe believable. Guy with neon sign on his chest c'mon you can do better, look at Luke Cage, he have spirit of Harlem, it complete story where everything costumes, characters, MUSIC is part of Universe making.
9 A poorly tailored trailer does not begin to describe what is one man's journey from the heaven of clear thought to the hell of schizophrenia.Russell Crowe does an excellent role as John Nash, a mathematician who revolutionizes Group Theory, only to have his mind crash into confused and split views of the world.Jennifer Connelly is superb as his wife. It is through her that we begin to understand the range of problems and pittfalls Nash is facing, most of his own devising. She deserves an Oscar, period.The director has arranged beautiful 'red herrings' to kept viewers guessing and it works suprisingly well. Ron Howard's best work to date.A beautiful movie to decribe a beautiful mind.
9 Please someone tell Mr Brosnan to stop NOW ! any more of this type of garbage is just too much for anyone to handle.
9 this movie is great and this is unusual Turkish movie which commended every country which was shown.actors(especially sener sen and ugur yucel) and actress are great.Proof of rising of Turkish cinema all what i want is,in the future,to replicate such that movies in turkiye and i'm full of hope about thati think it isn't fair that this movie was ignored by the academy awards.because a lot of movie that isn't better than Eskiya have won academy awards a lot of times so if we will work harder than we did i'm sure we will win thatand signify our name all world
9 I am one of the people who always criticized Argentinian movies, because most of the times the scripts makes no sense or the story is slow or some scenes pointless, but El Secreto de sus Ojos is a master piece.The ambiance, the photography, the script, the acting (I cannot stand Guillermo Francella but in this movie he completely shut my mouth, wonderful acting), everything makes this one of the greatest Argentinian movies I ever saw.On a side note, as a reply to dardo766 I have to tell you that it may be childish for you the language in that scene, but actually is very common here all the swearing you are complaining. I think one of the greatest things of the movie is the dialogs, with or without swearing, it is very local and this might be the only flaw of the movie.
9 A repulsive, obscene barrage of utter decadence and depravity. Irresistible!! If you're expecting a story that describes the infamous adolescent emperor in traditional, polite terms, then you will HATE this one. As it is, Caligula could have been produced by the psychotic prince himself. Bob Guccione must have found his role as corrupter of an otherwise mainstream production both ironic and satisfying, he obviously identifies quite deeply with the tyrannical paranoid boy-king. Don't think of it as just a film, or a movie. It is a unique spectacle; a totally unapologetic exploitation of everyone and every idea involved. It is NOT for aficionados of elegant discourse. It IS a genuinely sick product from an increasingly corrupt, depraved, declining society. The fault, dear Readers, is not in our stars, but in ourselves... Enjoy.
9 I suppose it is natural to define a self from negatives: what you are not. So much in public life depends on this dynamic. It is a dangerous urge that I often see out of control, and one I want to closely monitor in my own life.One place I really let it go is when I see a bad movie. Under the best of circumstances, I'd be able to see only films that nourish some creative evolution in my soul. With some discipline, bad movies allow me much the same benefit if I can understand what separates me from it.There's the obvious stuff to react against of course. The movie borrows as much as it can from the 1970s and does so with no irony. It really is misogynistic, jingoistic and celebrates dumbness. None of this is a joke. Plot points are from 35 years ago: the suitcase, the complex plan with nukes, the notion that national leaders really can do absurd things by themselves... even with Goldfinger this was a joke.The idea that two turbaned (?) Pakstanis would be hand carrying a nuke on scaffolding is bizarre, Plan 9 from Outer Space level stuff.The focus on guns as icons; when Bruce Willis reveals his hidden arsenal, we are supposed to have a frothy pumped up admiration of the devices, a flood of admiration for the size of the cache. Willis isn't allowed to wink at us as he usually does. We really are supposed to cheer.Even when there is some modern reference, they carry it with a dated juvenile attitude: "they call it waterboarding but I never get bored" is possibly the most revolting failed joke of the era.All that is obnoxious. This is a franchise movie, designed to sell toys to nine year olds, so the intent of these offensive tropes is particularly unsettling. I'd never want a child to see this until he/she could build fences around the weeds.When I'm in the US, I see films in an audience dominated by military and their families. After the disastrous wars in Iraq and Afganistan, they are particularly conscious of good honest souls doing their duty. And then having their lives wasted. They know that the guys guarding the president at the end are just regular soldiers who showed up for duty. It is hard to cheer when they get wasted for our amusement. For that matter, what about the several million inhabitants of London who get annihilated as a demo.But if I just react to these sorts of things, I lose, because there is no cleverness, no construction is seeing these stupidities. What is it about this that makes it bad storytelling and bad cinema?I heavily criticize the Marvel movies. But that is because they are poor cinema; generally the storytelling is crackerjack. I think Tarantino is usually worthless but I do credit him with knowing how to put together a cinematic story.Why this film is uncinematic is an easy shot. Clearly, what they did was divide up the film and budget and send the parts out to centers all over the world. That means that it has no soul. One moment, you'll be swinging with cartoon ninjas in the Himalayas in three D effects clearly added afterwards, and then the fight goes through a window and an amateur crew shoots two huffy guys rolling in the snow. We are jerked from a writer-director stance of a buddy movie, to cheap explosions, to more than one poor imitations of comicdom. It lacks coherence so it lacks soul.One would almost think it was intended. If the idea is to sell dolls so that juvenile testosterone surges can be monetized, then perhaps there is some wisdom in erasing the humanity from the thing so that kids can pour themselves in more readily. But no. As was once said of a past US president, the stupidity is not a sly act.You can see some of the difficulties they faced. Because they are selling dolls they have to interrupt the situation at hand to give character-defining backstory, so you have built in fragmentation. They have to live with the legacy dolls, I suppose. Marvel has a similar problem with The Avengers, which they solved by having each major character have his own introductory movie(s).The fascinating part for me is the shuffling of two worlds. One world is the gutsy army guy with big guns. He has no superpower and it is all about the guns and the mania. This world is elaborated by having an eternal enemy army and a group of special forces types including a woman. The stereotypes draw from war movies and there is a sort of beauty in closing the loop from movie concepts to toy play to movie about the play.But there is also the ninja world, wholly separate in concept and with an origin in a different film genre. Here, ninja magic is routine and derived from a magical jewel. Something like superpowers are assumed. The skill in battle comes not from being bold but from long training with masters. Previous comics and cartoons provide extensive backstory of the Arashikage Clan (the good guys) and the characters we see here. There is (I read) a thorough weaving of the two worlds in the backstories: some soldiers join the clan and the clan evolves to support the GI Joes. But the problem is not that someone hasn't 'explained' the connection, but that they really do live in worlds with different physics. One is a world of bravado and bullets while the other is a matter of stealth and skill. Battle, devotion, honor, comrades all have different non-overlapping meanings. It just cannot work.Ted's Evaluation -- 1 of 3: You can find something better to do with this part of your life.
9 This was a very good stand alone Hulk movie. I grew up watching The Incredible Hulk 70s series and I will always get a reminder from that when watching a Hulk movie. Eric Bana played a good Bruce Banner along with the supporting cast. The score was very Hitchcock and scientific. I wasn't too keen on the comic book styled cinematography but I got used to this through the film. I enjoyed this film due to it's acting, story and developments. I didn't like the action as much, I liked the locations.I couldn't see this movie getting a sequel as this was aimed for a new audience and was a first theatrical try-out for a Hulk movie. I would recommend this movie to those that are fans of the series and to Hulk in general.
9 Aliens is one of many movies from my adolescent years that is just as good today as it was back then. It is an adrenaline filled ride filled with creepy locations, intense action, thrills, much circumstantial humor and one-liners that will never grow old (mostly thanks to Bill Paxton). It is, unapologetically, a man's movie, filled with everything except nudity (which it did not need).All movies in the Alien series have a claustrophobic feel to them, and involve a relatively small cast of players. Aliens is no exception and really capitalizes on the fear potential of the locale. Cameron is not exactly known for injecting horror into his films, but provides enough here to satisfy.The characters are very well cast and the actors have great chemistry. I especially grooved to the fact that, even though the soldiers are supposed to be tough marines, not all of them were completely gung-ho about their adventures. In fact, a few were downright cowardly and indecisive in the face of combat - something I'm certain would happen to many in such a situation. Bill Paxton stole the show as the wisecracking space marine. With all the likable characters involved, the stakes were very high. When they start dropping, we feel the loss.Movies like this just don't come around very often. The pacing is very tight, even when the action is absent. The characters and situations are interesting enough - when the action hits, it just serves to suck us in deeper. I have nothing bad to say about Aliens. It is simply an awesome movie with a well deserved reputation for being such. See for yourself.
9 Set in a world of Monsters, where the most scary thing is a human child, there is a shortage of Power at the the Scream factory, a place where Monsters enter our world through the closets of young children to collect their Screams.Sully (John Goodman) the Top Scarer, stumbles upon a child who has somehow entered our world, with his buddy Mike Wazowski (Billy Crystal) Sully finds out that Human Children are not as dangerous as they are made out to be. And there is more to the Scream Factory than meets the eye.Brilliantly animated, with some hilarious characters, Monsters inc is another Pixar Delight for the whole family8/10
9 Without looking, I am sure other reviewers here have headlined their article "Best War Movie Ever Made"" and I agree. However, before briefly discussing the film, let me just say if you don't have a decent 5.1 surround sound system, you aren't going to fully appreciate this movie (DVD).It's a great film to start with, and sitting in a room surrounded by five speakers with bullets flying from all directions around you - as in that spectacular 22- minute opening scene or in the final 45 minutes of action against the Germans in tanks - is an astounding movie experience. The sound in this film elevates it even higher.The visuals are outstanding, too. I've never seen so many grays, beiges and olive-greens look this good: perfect colors for the bombed-out French city where the last hour takes place, perfect for the faces and uniforms of the gritty soldiers, for the machinery, the smoke-filled skies, etc.My only complaint is the usage of Lord's name in vain 25-30 times, but, hey, when you consider it's tough men in tough times, that's what you are going to hear. In real life, the profanity probably was worse than the film. It's hard to picture the brutality of war being any worse than you see here, but it probably was. This is about as graphic as it gets. The violence and gore was shocking when this film came out in 1997 and still is when watched almost a decade later. It's unbelievable what some of the WWII soldiers went through, but that can be said for any war. I believe the purpose of this film was to pay tribute to the sacrifices these men made, and it succeeds wonderfully. Hats off to Steven Spielberg and to Tom Hanks, the leading actor in here, both of whom have worked hard for WWII vets to get the recognition they deserve, not just on film but in a national memorial.Anyway, language or blood and guts aside, this is still an incredible portrait of WWII. The almost-three hour film is riveting start-to-finish, especially with that memorable beginning action scene, probably the most dramatic in the history of film.As "entertaining" as those action scenes were, I found the lulls, if you will, to be even better. Listening to Hanks and his men discuss various things as they look for Private Ryan, was fascinating to me. Hanks is just superb in here and once again shows why he is considered one of the best actors in his generation.The most memorable and powerful moment among the "lulls," is the shot early on of the Ryan mother sinking to her knees on her front porch as she realizes she is about to get disastrous news from the war. Moments later, Harve Presenell, playing Gen. MacArthur, eloquently reads a letter by Abraham Lincoln that is so beautifully written, so profound that it is quoted near the end of the film, too, and I never get tired of hearing it.This is a man's movie, and shows the horrors of war as few others ever have. To say it is "memorable," just doesn't do it justice. It is the greatest war movie ever made....period.
9 "The Maltese Falcon", scripted and directed by Hollywood first-timer John Huston (from Dashiell Hammett's novel), would go on to become an American film classic.  Humphrey Bogart chews the scenery in his star-making turn as acid-tongued private eye Sam Spade, whose association with the beautiful and aloof Brigid O'Shaughnessy (Mary Astor), neurotic Joel Cairo (Peter Lorre), and morbidly obese Kasper Gutman (Sydney Greenstreet, in his Oscar-nominated screen debut) over the recovery of the title object, sets in motion a movie experience that is as much crackling as it is dazzling.  While much of the action and dialogue is considerably dated by modern standards, the film's essential power to mystify and entrance remains undiminished despite its age.  While this was the third adaptation of Hammett's story (the first was made in 1931 and the second was "Satan Met a Lady" (1936)), this is also the best remembered and most praised, due largely in part to Bogart's seemingly effortless portrayal of the tough but softhearted, world-weary hero. Mary Astor and Lee Patrick were, respectively, the definitive femme fatale and girl Friday, and the villianous roles of Cairo, Gutman and Wilmer (Elisha Cook Jr.) were equally remarkable.  What may not be wholly obvious is the fact that these three men have homosexual tendencies (as given in the novel), but just look at what's given: Cairo's delicate speech and manner, Wilmer's questionable quick tempered attitude towards Spade (could this be covering up the fact that he finds Spade attractive?) and Gutman's clutching of Spade's arm when Sam arrives at his hotel room.  A polished film noir that gave rise to Bogart's mounting popularity.  (Sidenote: The character of Sam Spade was originally offered to George Raft, who turned it down. Raft also turned down "Casablanca" (1942), "High Sierra" (1941) and William Wyler's "Dead End" (1937), all of which went to Bogart and helped to boost his star status.  Bogart had Raft to thank for his enduring popularity.) A must-see masterpiece.  ****
9 The good- GI Joe Retaliation is infinitely bigger, louder and thankfully so- better than its predecessor. Breath-taking, non stop action, great VFX, deadpan heroes and femme fatals , great soundtrack and gizmo's that will shame 007, it ticks most of the boxes for a summer action flick. The bad- not that the leads are great actors, but back to back to back action set pieces leave little room for acting, the dialogs are as banal as they can get, and the climax is cartoonishly over the top.Retaliation takes off from where Rise of Cobra ended, and the movie is best enjoyed by folks versed in the Joes legend - the President of the US has been replaced by Zartan aided with some cool nanomite wizardry. The time-line is a mix of alternate and real history- Pakistan is a failed state and the Joes are sent to retrieve the country's nuclear arsenal. But it is a trap- the President is after all a Cobra operative, and he wipes out the entire GI Joe force including the hero from the previous film Duke (Channing Tatum), except for the intrepid trio of Roadblock (The Rock- Dwayne Johnson) , Lady Jaye (Adrianne Palicki) and Flint (D J Cotrona). It is up to these three along with the original Joe, Bruce Willis to expose the fraud president and prevent global annihilation.GI Joe action figures gained popularity in the mid 80s, when the world was falling at the feet of Japan- economic hatchbacks, Walkman, ninjas, VCR et all-action movies in the 80s paid homage to Japan (anyone remember Robocop 3?). The Japanese angle in GI Joe is Snake Eyes, Jinx and Storm Shadow- together they deliver one of the finest one on one sword fight in a monastery, and then director Jon Chu goes one step better to give your ticket worth price 3D action sequence in snow capped Himalayan territory when Snake Eyes and Jinyx escape from a platoon of ninjas whooshing between peaks, rappelling sheer cliffs, braving avalanches, gunfire and swords. The trailer features some of this out of the word stunt-work, but the full experience of this in the movie is amazing, so much so that after this, the other Joes do not matter anymore- its Snake Eyes that your eyes will follow, and i think it is about time he got his solo movie- he is cool enough! I was happy to see Dwayne Johnson return to his roots- the Rock always adds class to any role he takes on, he has his family audience fans, but he is first and foremost an action star, with a sweet core. Jonathan Pryce as the President is delightfully funny as a villain reveling in his new found power and Bruce Willis totes his own brand of hairless machismo. This is Hasbro's third live adaption of its action figures/toys- after Transformers and Battleships. So if you are above 12, it will feel ridiculous, funny and overblown. Characters do not have names, just tags. Things get blown up big, and there is a villain thirsting for "world dominion". This is not mature and contemplative graphic novel adaptation- this is the cinematic equivalent of a Big Mac meal, the ultimate junk food, and like the Mac meal it gives the kick and leaves a sweet feeling too . I grew up on comic books and action figures, and perhaps the greatest kick I get out of these kind of movies is the magical transport back to childhood. For guts and for glory, for guns and for action, for setting the summer of 2013 on fire - 7/10. Boo-ya-ah!
9 Vittorio De Sica's ground/heartbreaking motion picture, The Bicycle Thief, is based on a very simple ideal for a story- man against the elements. In this case the elements are of a society that is often cruel and unforgiving, and that a job in post-war Rome is looked on as the luckiest of good luck charms.Such a man as presented by De Sica is Maggiorani (an actor who really is the type of actor right off the street), a father of a little boy who gets a job putting up movie posters along some walls in Rome. To do this he needs a bicycle, or the job will be lost, and he gets one following a pawning of linen sheets. Very soon though, the bicycle is stolen, and from there a sad downward spiral unravels for the man and his son as they scour the streets for the bicycle. While the score adds basic dramatic tension, everything else on the screen is done to such a pitch of neo-realism it's at times shattering, joyful (scene in the pizzeria the most note-worthy), and with a feeling of day-to-day resonance to those who may have not even felt at or below the poverty level in their lives. Credit due to all parties involved, though I don't think the boy Bruno, played by Staiola, gets nearly enough considering his role as a minor coming of age (that moment after the father and son leave the church nearly brought tears to my eyes). A++
9 Is there a better person to play a cyborg than Arnold?  For this movie he was a massively built oak tree of a man.  His strange accent makes for a perfect callous robotic sounding killing machine.  It's almost like his voice is a computer read out ( which I guess it is in one sense ). Terminator is one of those films that started something huge.  People didn't realize it at the time, but the careers of Arnold, Cameron and perhaps even guys like Micahel Biehn, Lance Henriksen and even Bill Paxton were substantially started because of this film.  And Cameron must have liked working with them so much that he gave all of them substantial roles in his next film ( Aliens ).As we all know what the story is, I'll just tell you a bit about what is so fascinating about it.  First I have to mention Michael Biehn.  He has the real starring role.  He is the character that has to explain everything to the audience.  He has to explain this complicated story so that we know what is happening and why.  It is not an easy job to do something like that and still come off looking all right.  But Biehn is simply awesome in this film. A microcosm of his performance can be seen when Sara bites him.  Biehn ( Kyle Reese ) replies " Terminator's don't feel pain.  I do.  Don't do that again. "  That is such a great line delivered with the perfect expression, the perfect tone and the perfect timing.  Biehn is perfect for the role.This is also the first film that I saw as a youngster that ever warned me of the dangers of nuclear war and of the rapid advancements of machinery. Perhaps I was too young and naive to fully understand all that James Cameron was trying to say, but now that I am older, I can honestly say that the two Terminators are perfect anti nuke films.  And they are so passionate with what they have to say.  I like it when a film has something to say.  I enjoy being entertained in the process but if you can manage both then you have a masterpiece.  This is a masterpiece.Finally. there are two other reasons to enjoy this film.  One, this is the first film where "I'll be back" was spoken.  Now it is part of Arnolds vernacular.  Secondly, Bill Paxton is in it.  And he adds spark to any film that he's in.  Especially here, as the idiot punk leader that really gets the hell beat out of him, he has some great lines.A great film.
9 This movie was far better than the trailer made it look.JK Simmons gave a stellar performance as a music teacher in the best Jazz school, trying desperately to find and develop the next jazz legend. From the moment he appears he demands the screen, literately. There's a part in the flick were he just burst open the door putting a halt on whatever is going, and makes it all about what he wants, which sets the tone for the entire movie. One of the best antagonist I've seen at the movies.Miles Teller plays the protagonist, A first year Jazz student who wants to be the next Jazz legend and is willing to go through the pain needed to become just that. I've been a fan of Miles Teller for a while and this movie just increase my fandomIt does not matter whether you are into jazz or not, this flick is about and boy willing to kill himself to become the best and the man willing to kill the boy so he can be the best. For anyone who has ever been in that kind of pressure, weather it be at college or on the playing field(I kid you not, watching these guys play Jazz played out like I was watching a Football movie with Miles being the Quarterback and JK being the coach) It was an emotion trill ride with a lot of ups and downs, and just when you think the ride is over, we go for a second time around. Excellence!!
9 What a waste of time! I watched the whole movie to see how or who killed the girl and nothing was revealed in the end! it was so disappointing to know nothing! I was lucky that I drank good wine with the movie that make it a little bit less crappy! I give it 3 stars for the effort! 2 stars because Pierce Brosnan didn't sing like he did in mamma Mia! So now you know the end, enjoy watching this movie! Ideal if you have too much time!
9 I cannot understand all the hatred for this movie. Nicolas Winding Refn bounces back from Only God Forgives with this dark, twisted and nightmarish horror film about a young model in Los Angeles who attracts fascination and unwanted attention from the modelling industry and her fellow models. Admittedly, it's only a good movie on a story level. The plot is relatively thin and the characters are underdeveloped. As a piece of art it's an utter knockout. Every single frame is a painting and every image advances the story forward and creates new meaning. This isn't a narrative film. It's a film to experience and to be amazed by. This is a rare movie where being style-over-substance is brilliant because the style is the substance. The artistic mastery on display here takes you on a roller coaster ride of emotions. This movie will have you feeling joyous one moment and terrified the next. The soundtrack is absolutely flawless as well. Elle Fanning is great and all the actors do a good job with their limited dialogue. Even Keanu Reeves is decent in this movie. A flawed masterpiece, The Neon Demon is a mesmerizing, hypnotic and mind-blowing cinematic nightmare that stands high above most of 2016's other films, even though quite a lot of people disliked it. 9/10
9 It's often been said that this is a simple tale, a story of the coming of age for Dorothy. It's not that simple. It's also a story of the coming of age of America as seen through Dorothy's eyes.Dorothy is a familiar American teen who grew up on a farm, a bit naive, never been to a city, but heard about them. Is family focused, but starting to open her eyes to a bigger world around her and looking for familiar structures through which she can understand that world.The scarecrow, who thinks he's lacking a brain, is the American farmer. Usually minimally educated, often thought (at that time) of as stupid or ignorant, but it's proved through the movie that farmers in fact have a brain. Farmers are often known for their strong common sense and wisdom which is often undervalued by city folk or college types.The cowardly lion represents the elected politicians. Afraid to do anything - especially preemptive - and shirks facing any controversy until it bites him on the rear. Only later to find that the problem was impotent all along. Politicians haven't changed in some ways.The tin man represents industry, which is often seen as heartless machine. But when run by people who have compassion, companies have proved to "have a heart". This generosity is often seen in the form of philanthropy, but sometimes exists right in the corporate culture itself. Industry isn't always as heartless as a robot (or computer, to use a more modern metaphor).Poppies, which represented the opium drug from China that can distract us from our goals and our responsibilities, like the more modern cocaine, marijuana, or even liquor, etc.The "wizard" turns out to be only a mere human, as all of our heroes turn out to be in the end. We can strive to be like them, but it's only when others place us on a pedestal that our daily acts of heroism seem larger than life. It's those daily acts when added together that are truly the heroic in us all.The wicked witch, the "enemy" of America, requires more than just an army to be overcome, it also requires brains, courage and a heart to be overcome. By "heart" understand that compassion, sympathy and empathy are vital weapons in the battle, which is why America invests so much in foreign aid.It's this depth of storytelling that keeps us captivated by this movie as adults. There are many other reviews that better articulate the other great features to this film, such as the visual appeal, the music, the singing, the dancing, and...
9 This film it's not that bad, but i dont like the intro because i think it's so long it takes more than 2 minutes. It's not that worth it but if you are jackie chan fan like me you should watch this!
9 Some people don't like this show but I really love it. Destiny "Miley" Cyrus has a weird accent, she is from Tennessee and she lives in Malibu, California. She lives a double life as a normal eight grade teenager and as a famous pop star ("Hannah Montana"). It's funny sometimes and the characters are lovable like her brother Jackson trying to hook up with girls. Her best friend Lily who's a total dork (I know but she's my dork, lol)Oliver is the slow one (like Chelsea from That's so Raven) and her real life dad--"Billy Ray Cyrus" is so funny! Well I think that is all I can explain about the show...if you don't like the Disney Channel shows than you might not like it but if you do you will adore Hannah Montana.
9 Maybe for most of you, people outside third-world countries like Mexico or Colombia, my home, movies like ths one are only representations of another world... something away from you. My city, medellin, is one of the most dangerous cities on the world. Mexico city can be as dangerous as medellin. I`m not talking about politics. maybe you haven`t lived violence as near as i have, but im gonna tell you something, that is the main reason i voted 9 this movie: Amores perros is not fiction. Its a perfect peep to what life is here. We have expensive models that go to stupid tv shows, we have dog fighting, we have mercedes, we have old trucks, we have killers, businessmen, we feel love, we have houses... our life, as you can see in the movie, isn`t as different as you think. Amores perros can show you that life is not easy here. but that`s it. What you saw is thousand`s of people life. that`s why it`s so magic to you. Yourè seeing what you will never live there, in london, new york, seattle, paris, berlin... reality is weirder than fiction... see it on amores perros, and you`ll believe me... live it here, and no movie will surprise you
9 'The Hunt' is a truly accomplished film, its simple premise and themes are executed perfectly. The film is hugely engrossing and completely and utterly infuriating, which is a testament to the merits of its acting, direction, script and hyper-realism.The film follows Lucas (Mads Mikkelsen), a lonely primary school teacher who relishes his job and is popular with both the children and the local community. Just as he meets Nadja (Alexandra Rapaport) and begins a relationship with her, his relationship with another woman, 5-year-old Klara (Annika Wedderkopp), lands him in immeasurable trouble. What happens is a completely innocuous misunderstanding, but the community, the 'adults' who are supposed to be rational and fair, turn into a lynch mob.The film is about the danger of mass-hysteria, ignorance and subsequently the frightening power of numbers. It teaches the importance of measure and consideration; it's a much needed anecdote to the sensational vilification, general ignorance and trashy media that permeates our lives.It's the scare-mongering, amoral tabloids that help in empowering the dangerously ignorant lynch-mobs that arise whenever someone screams 'paedophile!' or 'woman beater!' These lynch-mobs normally consist of pugnacious, dreadful people who enjoy drama and violence rather than actually care about their cause. The film is intelligently and thoughtfully written. The girl is by no means vindictive; as much as you want to vent your anger, she's clearly far too young to understand what is happening. It's the 'adults' who display their stupidity, their total lack of reasoning and fairness left me indignant for the entirety of the running time and subsequently the whole evening – the film really works.There is a palpable sense of danger throughout the film, you genuinely fear for Lucas' life; seldom have I empathised with a character so dearly. Who would've thought a Danish Art House film could be so thoroughly gripping?'The Hunt' is a thought provoking, tactful and important film that should be seen by as many people as possible. It's one of the best films of 2012.www.hawkensian.com
9 The first half of "Full Metal Jacket" is so intensely entertaining that director Stanley Kubrick can be forgiven for the slight come-down that follows. The opening scenes draw us into the strict world of "maggots" training to join the ranks of real men, otherwise known as Marines. We see the characters humiliated, yelled at like children, beaten and, in one tragic case, broken down. It's an unpleasant yet fascinating place to visit from the comfort and safety of our living room couches. Yet once the action shifts to the Vietnam War, when you would expect even better, something is lost. The characters seem less real and the atmosphere less intriguing. Overall, however, there aren't many faults to find with this effort, but be forewarned that it's certainly not for younger viewers.
9 I had a really great time watching this movie and I am quite glad I chose it over the Pirates of the Caribbean. There are lots of nice jokes and contrary to my initial thoughts, there are very few nude scenes. Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson and Effron are both great leads and they inarguably take part in all the funny scenes of the movie. I have to admit that I was quite cautious before going to see the movie due to all the negative reviews and I finally came to a conclusion about all the people who believe that every movie should be reviewed as a potential Oscar nominee! Not all movies have to be "serious" and dramatic. I know most of the reviewers out there were expecting to see something like "The Pianist" when they bought tickets for "Baywatch" and that is the reason why this movie let them down. My advice is to watch movies that make you have a nice time (Baywatch is one of them alongside Piranha 3D, American Pie). Not all movies are filmed in order to become Oscar Nominees! Many of them are made with the goal of making the viewers have a great time! Please take that into account the next time you are criticizing a movie!
9 This is one true masterpiece, I can't remember any other movie (and I have seen a lot of movies) that is so powerful like this one. This movie has everything great ambient, scenes larger then life, hypnotic Morricone music and what is most important great acting. In this move Sergio Leone proved that he is one of the most unique directors in movie history. If you saw this movie you know that almost every scene is great piece of art in almost every scene you are amazed by visual style of Leone. In all other great movies (like: Godfather, Casablanca, Citizen Cane, Notorious,Big Sleep, The Third Man, etc.), you won't find these many great scenes like in this one. This is an ultimate Western and i want to say: Thank you Sergio Leone for your great vision and this masterpiece, after this one there is no need for any other western, in compare to this one John Fords westerns are movies for kids and women.
9 A strange lightning forms a circular opening in mid-air, and in the sudden flare of light we see a figure in a sphere of energy... It is the figure of a naked man... 'Terminator' has come through... He stands, and impassively surveys its surroundings...His physique is massive and perfect... His face devoid of emotion... He's not here to kill Sara Connor... His mission now is to protect the future savior of mankind, her son John... Thirty years from now, Terminator was reprogrammed to be John Connor's protector here, in this time... Terminator would never leave him... Terminator would never hurt him... Terminator would die to defend him against any danger... But Skynet, the computer which controlled the Machines, sent an advanced prototype back through time, to destroy the leader of the human Resistance, little John... T-1000 is very menacing... His features are handsome bordering on severe... Its face is simple, unformed... His eyes are gray ice, penetrating... He is certainly not built like Terminator with complex hydraulics and cables... He is human-shaped but far from human... Arnold Schwarzenegger is perfect as the super-hero... He never threatens, that's a human thing! He just takes... He can jerk any knife out without slowing a stride... His hand blurs out like a striking cobra...We watch him smashing the cover plate off the phone's cash box with the heel of his hand... And when the bullets rake his chest, he doesn't even draw back... We observe him in slow motion how he fights for control, how he jumps his bike, sweeps a street kid off his machine with one arm and swings him in front of him... Robert Patrick is a super-villain, a perfect chameleon... He can change shape and color... He can imitate anything it touches, anything it samples by physical contact, any object of equal size... He is a 'killing machine' with the ultimate skills of mimicry for infiltration of human society... He looks and acts exactly like a 'cop' but with quite a few surprises... His arms and fingers can be turned smoothly into something else... He spins at a sound... His blow is lighting fast... He pulls the trigger so fast it almost seems like a machine-pistol... He is cool, alert, confident in his power... His expression emotionless and judgmental... Linda Hamilton is not a mission priority... She is the same woman we remember from last time... Her body is straight and taut... Her arms are lean and muscular... Her eyes peer out through a wild tangle of hair like those of a cornered animal... Her voice is a low and chilling monotone... Her expression cold and impassive... She is defiant and intense... She looks hard... Hamilton seems to have the weight of the whole world on her shoulder.. She draws her knife from its belt sheath, and idly starts to carve something on the table top, the letter "N." Something changes in her eyes... Her face is an impassive mask... We see the forces at war behind her eyes... She has become a 'Terminator,' intending to change the future somehow... Edward Furlong is young John Connor... He is a ten-year tough delinquent, targeted for termination... He has short yellowish hair and a sullen mouth... His eyes reveal an intelligence as sharp as a scalpel... His interactions with his 'protector' give the movie effective moments of psychological depth... He reluctantly shows his friend a shot of his mother, pregnant, in a jeep near the Mexican border... John doesn't know it now, but he will carry the photo with him for over 30 years, and give it to a young man named Kyle Reese, who will travel back in time to become his father...Joe Morton is Miles Dyson, the star of the Special Projects at Cyberdyne Systems Corporation... He is a man in a hurry, a man with much to do... He's brilliant, aggressive, driven.. In a few months he creates a revolutionary type of microprocessor... He can be the man most directly responsible for 3 billion deaths on August 29th, 1997... The survivors of the nuclear fire called the war Judgment Day, will live only to face a new nightmare, the war against the Machines...His face, his posture, his ragged voice express soul-wrenching terror... This is a man ripped out of normal life into a grim world... He looks up, through his pain and incomprehension, and asks himself: Why is this nightmare happening? The level of violence in Cameron's film is pretty intense... The special effects are outstanding... They look realistic... The action scenes are amazing, very well executed... James Cameron tries to provide a message of peace... The music score is almost perfect... The plot is intriguing... The motion picture features excellent performances... 'Terminator 2: Judgment Day' is a blazing big-budget sci-fi thriller, very creative, to be entirely experienced... A definite must-see movie...
9 When this film first came out in 1980, I remember going to see it on opening night. The sheer terror that I experienced in viewing "The Shining" was enough to make me go to bed with the lights turned ON every night for an entire summer. This movie just scared the life out of me, which is what still happens every time I rent the video for a re-watch. I have seen The Shining at least six or seven times, and I still believe it to be simultaneously and paradoxically one of the most frightening and yet funniest films I've ever seen. Frightening because of the extraordinarily effective use of long shots to create feelings of isolation, convex lens shots to enhance surrealism, and meticulously scored music to bring tension levels to virtually unbearable levels. And "funny" because of Jack Nicholson's outrageous and in many cases ad-libbed onscreen antics. It never ceases to amaze me how The Shining is actually two films in one, both a comedy AND a horror flick. Ghostly apparitions of a strikingly menacing nature haunt much of the first half of the film, which gradually evolve into ever more serious physical threats as time progresses. Be that as it may, there is surprisingly little violence given the apparent intensity, but that is little comfort for the feint of heart as much of the terror is more implied than manifest. The Shining is a truly frightening movie that works symbolically on many levels, but is basically about human shortcomings and the way they can be exploited by unconscious forces combined with weakness of will. This film scares the most just by using suggestion to turn your own imagination against you. The Shining is a brilliant cinematic masterpiece, the likes of which have never been seen before or since. Highly, highly recommended. - Paul
9 There are really good movies and then there's that select few that change your life.  For me movies like Jaws, Raiders of the Lost Ark, JFK, Titanic and Star Wars did that.  By viewing a movie you see life in a different light.  Aliens also did that to me.  I didn't think a movie could scare me as much as Halloween did but this one certainly did that and more.  The atmosphere in this movie, and the lighting and cinematography and of course the direction are top notch, and some of the scenes are some of the scariest I've seen in my life time.  But what puts this movie over the top as one of the all time greatest films ever made is the casting.Sigourney Weaver is terrific but it is her supporting cast that shines and makes you feel like you know the crew that is heading to that desolate planet.Paul Reiser is perfect as Burke,the slimy corporate kiss ass that cares about profit before human lives.  Lance Henriksen shines as Bishop, the cyborg with a heart.  Jeanette Goldstein is the rough around the edges female marine that more than holds her own with all the testosterone floating around and Michael Biehn ( another Cameron favourite )is the perfect quiet leader that leads by example and not so much a loud demonstrative voice.  But the show stopper in this flick ( just as he always is in any movie that he is in ) is Bill Paxton.Paxton and Cameron have worked on Terminator 1, True Lies, Titanic and Aliens and Bill is one of those actors that steals scenes from every actor and was always a recognizable face even before Titanic.  Here, his Hudson character is the comic relief but he is also perhaps one of the true characters that we can all identify with.  His tough exterior is nothing more than camouflage for his frightened fragile interior.  He realizes the dire situation that they are all in and he can't hide his fear.  When he finds out that they won't be rescued for at least seventeen days, his response is " Hey man, we're not going to survive 17 hours man!  Those things are going to come in here and they're going to get us and..... " ( Ripley ) This little girl survived longer than that with no weapons and no military training. " ( Hudson ) " Why don't ya put her in charge!!! "Paxton is a gift to any and every movie that he is in and this is his finest work.  He should have won a best supporting actor that year.  And if you haven't seen this movie, rush to see it if only for Bill Paxton.  He steals the show.  But if a tightly wound, brilliantly technical and unbelievably scary movie is your thing, then you can't go wrong here.  This is easily a ten out of ten, and one of the best ever made.  If Spielberg is the king is Hollywood, then Cameron is his heir apparent.  Oh, and one more thing, Paxton will win an Oscar one day.
9 I needed, and had, a stiff drink after seeing this movie.
9 I went to this movie in hopes I see a good thriller but instead came out bored and disappointed. It's extremely predictable and not even scary. If you wanna go watch a good movie go watch something else
9 What a good movie.What a great work of casting. Perhaps a little bit long, but the most part the movie is enjoyable and there's no perfection without mistakes. I think i haven't ever seen before a Korean movie and if there are much of them like this one i shall become Korean movie fan. The tempo, the thrill, the development of characters, everything it has been well worked.The direction is good yet without emphatic resources, there are just two moments with a little much use of slow motion but it doesn't arrive to be an abuse of it.If you can see it don't loose your time with Hollywood sad-bad thrillers bet for this Korean present.9/10 cause perfection doesn't exist.
9 Gene Kelly and Stanley Donen have produced the best musical written directly for the screen. They have used the period in film history during the transition to sound movies and embroidered it with the wonderful songbook of Arthur Freed and Nacio Herb Brown. The icing on the cake, of course is the choreography of Kelly and Donen. From the first moment, the movie takes flight as Kelly relates the tale of his rise as a silent film star with his sidekick, the incomparable Donald O'Connor. Watch the flying feet of O'Connor and Kelly in the "Fit as a Fiddle" number. It doesn't get much better than this. Everyone is familiar with the classic "Singin' in the Rain" sequence. Donald O'Connor's hysterical "Make 'em Laugh" number is probably the funniest musical three minutes on film. Even the Broadway Ballet is a kaleidoscope of color and movement, with a minimum of the highbrow balletic choreography found in the later "An American in Paris."What makes "Singin'" such an entertaining classic is its superb integration of comedy and music. Jean Hagen gives the performance of her life as the vocally challenged silent film star, Lena Lamont. Every scene she's in is a comic gem. Her "fingernails on a blackboard" voice and massacre of the English language make her a figure of ridicule. However, in the end when she finally gets her comeuppance, one can't help feeling a little sorry for her.This delightful film has been given its due on video. On VHS it can be purchased with the complete remastered soundtrack on CD. The laserdisc versions include one with commentary by film historian Ronald Haver (Criterion) and the film-only version from MGM/UA Home Video with a restored Dolby Digital stereo soundtrack., Last,but not least,is a masterful rendering on DVD with, unfortunately, no supplementary material to speak of.This is truly a film for all time that can be watched just for its entertainment value and studied as probably the apex of the Hollywood musical in its Golden Age.
9 Very fun and entertaining movie for the whole family, lots of laughs and surprises. My 3 year old (also named Chloe) actually behaved throughout the whole movie, of which she was also holding on to her stuffed Chloe Doll that she picked up earlier that afternoon. After the movie she commented that their were two Chloe's now. For a movie that didn't have a lot of media attention I am glad I took the family to see it and it was money well spent, fun for the whole family. My favorite part would have to be the one that they show in the trailers, such as when the poodle switches the music from classical to heavy metal. There I think that is ten lines.
9 "Three Billboards outside Ebbing, Missouri" marks a milestone for writer/directer Martin McDonagh and is an idea piece on a mother's struggle with her town after posting billboards containing a call to action in regards to her murdered daughter. With outstanding screen writing and near perfect editing, this powerhouse of a film is easily one of the best all year and is driven with force and intensity by its lead, Frances McDormand.What begins as a narrow and focused drama, gradually escalates to a film with big themes and ideas, relevant social commentary, and much more subplots than anticipated. "Three Billboards outside Ebbing, Missouri" is packed with questions and a few answers about anger, revenge, violence, and kindness. The story shows people in a realistic light I've never quite seen before. We're presented with characters and their genuine emotions. Nothing feels sugarcoated of fluffed but it never lacks emotional impact either. The movie balances its seemingly contradictory tones beautifully by crafting a dark comedy that feels heavy due to strong subject matter, while at the same time, utilizing comedic moments that feel completely natural to the character's motivations. It's obvious great care was taken into this script and the method in which it's constructed. One of the most talked about elements to this film are the strong performances; particularly by Frances McDormand and Sam Rockwell. Rightfully so, this is some of their best (if not their best) work these eyes have beheld and they steal the show in every film they're in. That's not take away from Woody Harrelson and Lucas Hedges, as well as the entire cast who give memorable performances and paint shockingly believable characters that we feel we know personally. If there is anything that might turn audiences away from this film, it might be its harsh subject matter despite none of it every being depicted as well as its language and execution with the material. Personally, this has a strong impact and I wouldn't have changed anything about it. It's a highly recommended film with a lot to ponder at the end and is definitely a contender for best movie of the year. Definitely don't miss this one.
9 Lenny Abrahamson's Room opens in a 10 x 10 room that has no windows, a locked door, and no light other than that provided by an overhead skylight. Jack (Jacob Tremblay), a slight five-year old boy with hair down to his shoulders wakes up each morning as he has all his life, saying hello to his world. He says hello, not to the sun or the grass outside his front door where he can run and laugh and play but only to the objects which is all his world consists of: the lamp, the sink, the plant, the refrigerator. His only friend is a mouse that he feeds with some pleasure.Not that he lacks for companionship. Ma (Brie Larson) is with him and their endless days consist of cooking, reading, and watching TV where Jack is told that what he sees on the screen is not real, only pretend. All he knows of the world is what he sees in front of his eyes. Old Nick (Sean Bridgers) brings food and other household items but when he comes, Jack has to hide in his wardrobe, out of sight. Ma, we find out, has been kept prisoner and used for sex by the hulking man who comes every night and we know that Jack is a result of his mother's rape. Jack is the focus of the film and we see everything from his point of view, with the help of his sometime narration but we can also get into his mother's mind and feel her pain and live her dreams.There is never any doubt of his mother's love though the obvious strain of keeping herself from crying out every minute is painfully obvious. To Jack, she is the center of his world and his reason for being. When the second half of the film takes a surprising turn and shifts 180 degrees, Jack and Ma are not prepared for what awaits them. Even when an alternative is suggested as possible, he doesn't want to hear anything about a different world with blue sky and rivers and trees. Room is a tense and compelling film in which Brie Larson more than fulfills the brilliance that she showed in Short Term 12 and should make her an Oscar contender. Tremblay is also superb.He lives his character and makes him come alive, even though he is only nine years old. Supporting roles by Joan Allen and William H. Macy also contribute to the film's second half but it is always Larson and Tremblay that carry the day. The film is not mawkish or sentimental even though the soaring score by Stephen Rennicks comes close. While there are has some plot implausibilities, the film is a tribute to the resiliency and the dedicated love of a parent for their child. It is also a teaching experience. Like many who are walled off from each other and think the box they are in is all there is, the film can give us the combination to open the locked door, if we take the risk to turn the key.
9 After all the good reviews and as a fan of European films I was so much looking forward to this film - but I ended up being so disappointed. The film was supposed to be set in the aftermath of the Paris riots but for all the film portrayed it could have been after a bit of rain. There was no sense of anger, loss or hopelessness - just a bunch of young men moaning and brooding. These men were so unsympathetic I lost any kind of concern for them very early on. To me they just seemed a bunch of me, me,me victim-mentality that is all too common now. The dialogue was trying to be real and urban but it just came across as stilted. Anyway this film drones on and on without any plot twists, change of pace or building of tension. The obvious "tragic" ending couldn't have come soon enough for me. I am sure this is a case of "emperors new clothes" and most of the people who say they like it are just saying it. Not a patch on "irreversible", "City of god" "Im not Scared" etc
9 21 May 2017: I have been a fan of talented young Biracial actress, Amandla Stenberg since seeing her in the film "Colombiana" 2011 and then I met her with her mother in June 2014 at the Mixed race Multiracial festival in Los Angeles. She is very nice and charming.I see and support All Interracial Love stories between men and women such as "The Lovings", "Something New", "Guess Who", "Zebra Head" and my all time favorite, "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner" 1967.Anyhoo, "Everything~Everything" is a beautiful young Interracial Love story, a film for all ages from teens to seniors. At first is was sad that a young girl whose whole adult life is locked inside of her home believing that if she steps outside in the real world, she could die. A note to point out is that I like the fact that Maddie's parents in the family photo is also exactly like Amandla's real life parents. Prior to seeing the family photo, I assumed that she was just playing a young African American girl, but not Biracial.Then comes in her young prince charming actor, Nick Robinson as Olly who lives in the home across from her. The slow contact between them build to what we are all hoping for is that they will get to at some point actually see each other face to face and thanks to Mexican telenovela {soap opera} actress, Ana de Reguera that I watched in the Mexican soap opera "Gitanas" 2004, the young lovers finally meet face to face much to the chagrin anger of Maddie's mother when she finds out.After e-mailing, texting and meeting in their windows, Ana as Carla finally lets Olly inside to meet Maddie. There is an instant sweet innocent attraction between the two of them (sort of like Brooke Shield first encounter in the film "Blue Lagoon" many years ago.Knowing that she could die anytime, I like that she realizes that being locked up in a prison of her home is Not really living at all and she is willing to risk it all for the chance to go outside with Olly and take the risk of going as far as Hawaii, knowing that her mother who loves her and only has her best interest at heart, but what later appears to have been a lie to keep her daughter locked inside for fear of losing her. Maddie risk it all to experience Love of life and her first true love experience. In the words of Andy Dufrasne "Get Busy Living or Get Busy Dying." Maddie gets busy living. I love when he tells her that he loves her, but her reply to him sort of reminds me of the words on Holy Bible, "God loved us before we were formed in our mothers womb." She says, I loved you before I knew you. That is really beautiful. The love scene in Hawaii is beautiful, tastefully done and does not seem forced. In fact, she is the more aggressive person between them.We, the audience knew that at some point a big scare has to happen to find out if she would live or die and that happens to her while she is in Hawaii. Thanks to the nurse in Hawaii finally making young Maddie realize that she does Not have a rare illness at all, but her mom has been lying to her to keep her locked inside out of fear of losing her only because of a allergy or something that she has, but not a rare illness that will kill her.We also find out that Maddie makes Olly happy not only because he loves her, but also it give him a chance to escape his abusive father who beats him and his mother, but that is Not really shown much here. Only one exterior scene show a physical confrontation between Olly and dad.I liked a lot of things about this film. 1. A good film that never mentions the racial differences between the two. Just two people falling in love. True Love sees No skin color and that is the way it should be. 2. When we finally see the love scene with them in Hawaii, it is very nice and tastefully done, no degrading women with upper body or lower body nudity. 3. No profanity. 4. No violence on women or anyone. On a scale of 1-10, I give it a 9 and two thumbs up.
9 Anyone who watches "My father and my son" will eventually relate the movie to a family relationship they have lived. It is a perfect visualization of what people do because of their ego and what can actually destroy that ego. The movie makes the viewer ask "what if" questions about almost everything and the answers will be different for everyone. The acting is definitely remarkable with less experienced characters (including the little kids) putting on a display to remember when aiding patriots of Turkish movie industry. Overall I can say that "Babam ve Oglum" is a blending of great acting, wonderful script, and a real life story.
9 « mostly comprised of banal, drama-free, quotidian scenes that merely reinforce the men's status as regular Joes who, one day, had the opportunity for greatness thrust upon »Yeah at first I wasn't convinced by this movie but then I realized it was more than that, more than meets the eye so to speak, we're supposed to see a lifestyle, western, European-american opposed to this... barbarian stupid integrist muslimish lifestyle. We don't see him before the "incident" but we know at first sight for sure he's a bad guy, violent and obsessed by his own insanity. We see them (2 white guys and one black dude) smiling, enjoying life, they travel through Europe and then they travel to Paris...Funny thing, Paris has a bad reputation but we don't know why (in fact we all know why). French people are rude. The bad guy is the only un-civilized person we see. Everybody else is fine, living their lives and the bad guy is obviously (like we say in Frane) "un gros rageux".Full of hate that is.People just don't get it.Very good flick.
9 "Unforgiven" may well be Clint Eastwood's greatest triumph as an actor and director.  In this grim, dark, and yet strangely beautiful story of former gunslinger William Munny (Eastwood), who comes out of retirement for one last job, Eastwood deliberately sets out to demystify the old West.  This is evident in the conversations between Munny and the Schofield Kid (Jaimze Wolvett), who has a romanticized image of the old-time gunfighters, and between sheriff Little Bill Daggett (Gene Hackman) and hack journalist W.W. Beauchamp (Saul Rubinek).  Yet the "demythologizing" message doesn't feel forced; it is woven effortlessly into a gripping story that powerfully conveys the human cost of violence.Moral ambiguity pervades the film, which has no easy resolutions and no customary clear lines between good and evil.  Will and his friend Ned (Morgan Freeman), nominally the heroes, have clearly done many bad things in their lives.  When they come to Big Whiskey as hired killers, it is ostensibly for a just cause -- to punish two no-good cowboys who slashed the face of a prostitute.  Yet, as we know from the beginning, the version of the attack that is reported to Will and Ned is highly and grotesquely exaggerated. While the cowboys certainly should have been punished, we may legitimately wonder if death is a punishment that fits the crime.  The agonizing death of the younger of the two cowboys, who didn't do the slashing and clearly felt bad about what his partner had done, certainly doesn't look like justice.The ostensible villain, Little Bill, is not just a villain.  He is a sheriff determined to preserve law and order in the town.  One can't blame him for wanting to keep paid assassins out.  In a violent society, there's no way he can do his job without using violence.  Unfortunately, he also takes a sadistic pleasure in his brutality -- even though he also seems to want a peaceful, quiet life in the house he's building.One might say that Munny's heroics in the guns-blazing climax undercut the film's purpose of dismantling the mystique of the Old West and its gunfighters.  But the truth is, "Unforgiven" is both an homage to and a deconstruction of that mystique.  While Munny acquires almost mythic stature in that scene, his actions are still morally shady, and his exchange with the nerdy Beauchamp quickly dispels the romantic aura.  What's more, his "rise" to heroism can also be seen as a fall from grace and a reversion to his old ways.The film may be just a tad slow at times, but at 2 hrs 10 minutes, it remains nearly always gripping.  (As for those IMDB reviewers who've knocked the movie because there are too many scenes where Eastwood's character is weak and pathetic, falling off his horse or getting beat up -- why don't you just go see some Arnold Schwarzenegger flick!)  Not only are the principal characters well-developed, but even minor characters come across as real people with individual traits; the credit is due both to the excellent screenplay and to the superb cast.  The scenes between Will Munny and Delilah, the prostitute who was slashed, are very touching without being at all "sappy."  Eastwood is simply superb as the tortured and self-loathing Munny; Gene Hackman fully matches him as Little Bill; Morgan Freeman exudes a quiet dignity as Ned; Wolvett acquits himself well as "the Kid."  Add to this a scene-stealing performance by Richard Harris as the elegant, vicious gunslinger English Bob, and terrific work by Saul Rubinek, Frances Fisher as the prostitute Strawberry Alice, and Anna Levine as Delilah."Unforgiven" is a modern classic, a must-see for those who appreciate intelligent, high-quality filmmaking.
9 The Pianist is an incredible film in many aspects. Roman Polanski's account of the survival of the pianist, Wladyslaw Szpilman, is a document about how one man can overcome the worst possible situations in a world gone completely mad around him.The only fault one can find with the adaptation of Mr. Szpilman's story by playwright Ronald Harwood, is the fact that we never get to know the real Wladyslaw Szpilman, the man, as some of the comments made to this forum also have indicated.There is a very interesting point raised by the the pianist's father who upon reading something in the paper, comments about how the Americans have forgotten them. Well, not only the Americans, but the rest of the world would not raise a finger to do anything for the people that were being imprisoned and made to live in the confined area of Warsaw. The exterminating camps will come later. What is amazing in the film, is the frankness in which director Polanski portrays the duplicity of some Jews in the ghetto. The fact that Jews were used to control other Jews is mind boggling, but it was a fact, and it's treated here matter of factly. Had this been made by an American director, this aspect would have never surfaced at all. Yet, Mr. Polanski and Mr. Harewood show us that all was not as noble and dignified as some other films have treated this ugly side of war.  Wladyslaw Szpilman, as played by Adrien Brody, is puzzling sometimes, in that we never get to know what's in his mind. He's a man intent in not dying, but he's not a fighter. He accepts the kindness extended to him. He never offers to do anything other than keep on hiding, which is a human instinct. He will never fight side by side with the real heroes of the ghetto uprising. His role is simply to witness the battle from his vantage point in one of the safe houses across the street from where the action takes place.Adrien Brody is an interesting actor to watch. As the pianist of the story he exudes intelligence. There is a scene where Szpilman, in one of the safe houses he is taken, discovers an upright piano. One can see the music in his head and he can't contain himself in moving his fingers outside the closed instrument playing the glorious music from which he can only imagine what it will sound in his mind.The supporting cast is excellent. Frank Findlay, a magnificent English actor is the father of the pianist and Maureen Lipman, another veteran of the stage, plays the mother with refined dignity.In watching this film one can only shudder at the thought of another conflict that is currently brewing in front of our eyes. We wonder if the leaders of the different factions could be made to sit through a showing of The Pianist to make them realize that war is hell.
9 Many reviewers here have compared this movie to Stripes, which came out the following year. Beyond the fact of the Army setting, and the participation of P.J. Soles, I see nothing in common between this thoughtful and well-acted production, and Stripes, an unfunny, undisciplined farcial bore. On its own merits, Private Benjamin develops characters you can care about (or hate), shows significant metamorphosis of the title character, and plays out countless funny scenes and situations.The war-games scenario has been done and done endlessly (ref. The Dirty Dozen, etc), but is played for humor here with great success. Eileen Brennan is the CO everyone loves to hate, and gets her comeuppance more than once in PB, to the audience's delight.Support is solidified with performances by P.J. Soles, Albert Brooks, Harry Dean Stanton, Robert Webber, Craig T. Nelson, and, perhaps best of all, Sam Wanamaker as Judy Benjamin's doting yet controlling father.The final portion of the movie involves our heroine conceiving matrimony with a slick and caddish French gynecologist, played to perfection by Armand Assante. This culminates in our being treated to an ending that leaves the world wide open to Judy, thanks to her Army experience of maturing and self-discovery.A good choice for viewing any time.
9 I would have eventually gotten around to watching this film, but my curiosity was piqued when I saw that it had miraculously jumped to Number #17 on the 2007 version of AFI's Top 100 Movies of all time list. It didn't make the cut at all for the original compilation in 1997, so even before seeing the picture, I had to wonder what might have affected movie critics in the intervening decade to reach this conclusion. I usually line up with the majority in most cases, but I have to admit, I don't quite get it with this picture. I found it entertaining enough on occasion, but I never got the sense that it was one of the great comedy classics of all time the way it's heralded on the DVD sleeve. I don't think the Civil War lends itself much to comedy, so right there my expectations were greatly reduced. Keaton's somber demeanor and generally stone faced disposition don't help. On the flip side, I wouldn't have expected slapstick to move the story along either, so at least I wasn't disappointed in that regard.What I DID enjoy were some rather offbeat moments that showed genuine creativity. When Johnnie Gray (Keaton) dejectedly considered his rejection by the Confederate Army, and pondered his situation while sitting on the train's connecting rod, the resulting visual was pure genius. The up and down motion lent a truly surreal juxtaposition to Johnnie's thoughtful reverie, and was one of the highlights of the picture for me.The other significant scene that gave me pause was when The Texas collapsed on the burning Rock River Bridge. For starters, I found it unbelievable that a wooden bridge could possibly be constructed strong enough to support a locomotive. Then I came to learn that the scene was the most expensive ever made for a silent film, and I have to give Keaton credit for going out on that kind of a limb - unbelievable.Oh yes, and I can't forget the sequence where Keaton's marksmanship is dead on when he makes contact with the rail tie blocking the train tracks, flipping it out of the way with a well timed throw of his own. Could that have possibly been done in one take? In a pre-CGI world, it's difficult to imagine how stunts like these could have been performed, particularly by an actor who had no recourse but to do his own. For that, Keaton deserves accolades.In between all this clever film making however, I just wasn't inspired. The central plot element doesn't hold up for me - if Johnnie Gray was rejected as a volunteer, why wasn't he simply told the reason why. One could argue that then, you wouldn't have a picture, but for me it left the story on a shaky footing. If Johnnie was more valuable as a train engineer than a soldier, the picture might have taken a different approach, but the rest of the elements could have remained the same and he still would have come out a hero. Maybe I'm second guessing a master, but that's what I come away with.Conclusion - if this movie didn't make AFI's Top 100 Film List in 1997, I don't understand what might have occurred in the intervening years to suddenly have film critics vault it into the Top 20. At the same time, Chaplin's "City Lights", in my estimation a superior silent film, fell OFF the list, while "The Gold Rush" moved up a few notches. I may not be a professional, but I know what I like, and this one just didn't do it for me.
9 I do not understand why this movie is so underrated. It has a good amount of jumpscares, it creates a horror atmosphere that makes you wonder how would you feel if you were there and it does not reveal the exact end. The movie has a great acting from Jason Clarke and Helen Mirel. It has a great portrait from superstitious people from the previous 10 decades. The directing was really great and the movie has a simple lovely story with a beginning and an end. What more do you want people nowadays? You re never pleased with horror movies so if you don't like this one you deserve to spend your time with other low movies. If you want to take my advice, watch this movie! Enjoy!
9 When we last left off in (2014) 'The Maze Runner', Thomas (Dylan O'Brien) and the remaining clan of youths whom managed to escape the ever evolving maze, were seemingly rescued from an abandoned science laboratory by a band of armed rebels. If you've wondered where exactly the rescued are being flown to by the helicopter at the conclusion of that film, the answer lies in the recently released second installment of the trilogy, 'The Scorch Trials'. Upon landing in an apocalypses world of wasteland and chaotic battle of people, the clan is rushed into an enormous security facility, in which a high tech vault door shuts behind them shielding them from all the dangers of the outside world. Upon meeting, Mr. Janson (Aidan Gillen) whom is the head of the facility, he explains that they are here among many other survivors from similar mazes. The clan's secure feelings of being in a safe haven become short lived when circumstances reveal to Thomas that Mr. Janson is not who he makes himself out to be. Discovering that the clan and all the other youths are being targeted and set up as guinea pigs again for another test due to their immunity to the world-wide virus outside, the clan escapes; only to enter a world almost beyond recognition. Running away in a big city lost in sand and rubble, they also fight for survival from bizarre weather occurrences caused by the solar flare epidemic explained to them in the end of 'The Maze Runner'. They embark on a journey where they must seek to build alliances with apocalypse survivors; however having the shaky task of trying to discern who really is good and who is bad. What I particularly loved most of all in the world that director Wes Ball has created was the exterior settings. Unless I missed it, there has never been mention of how long ago the world's fallout was supposed to have occurred. However; in contrast to many apocalypse themed movies where you find empty damaged cities with freeways with old cars frozen in space on the roads long abandoned, the wastelands here reminds me of the ancient ruins you'd find of Rome. Freeway overpasses are only half in place, skyscrapers look like building skeletons, and tall bridges are sunken into tower high piles of sand. While I've always got the vibe that since film number 1 that the fallout occurred as long as a century ago, the visuals seems to suggest of what America might look like thousands of years from now if it were to fall. Like many science fiction movies that are made for entertainment but also has undertone spiritual or political themes that not everyone may catch onto, for me, 'The Scorch Trials' seemed to have some themes that are relevant in today's society. I will restrain myself from pacifically declaring what theme that would be since I believe it would clue off too much of a spoiler about plot, but for the time being, think about that old rationalizations philosophy by some people who believe the bad things must be done for the greater good. While there are many eerie far-fetched things that you will experience in seeing what happens to humans inflicted with the solar flare virus, Ava Paige (Patricia Clarkson) whom works amongst scientists, brings to surface something that could be seen as a plausible scenario in the far future of America. I believe that what this character wants to do in this story, echoes an issues that you will find in today's media in a much smaller scale. Along with the already great established cast, two interesting new actors show up in portraying both the antagonist and uncertain antagonist. Probably best known for the slick, charming manipulative character, Littlefinger in HBO's current hit, 'Games of Thrones', Aidan Gillen nicely plays one of the head men from the lab who puts on two faces. Then there is Giancarlo Esposito whose been playing projected bad guys in TV over the last several years: such as the rebel and militant Tom Neville in (2012-2014) 'Revolution', the iconic double personality Gus Fring in seasons 2- 4 in AMC's, (2008-2013) 'Breaking Bad', and even time to time appears in ABC as Sidney Glass/Magic Mirror in (2011- ) 'Once Upon a Time'. Here Esposito plays a personality who wrestles between antagonist and protagonist as an ally of the youth clan. If you are like me whose been waiting to see this film until the last minute, now would be the time to see it; as it is now appearing to me that the lifespan torch of 'The Scorch Trials) is about to get snubbed out in the town I live in. Personally, I enjoyed the first 'Maze Runner' a little bit more than this new installment probably because the maze was such a mystical place of mystery. However; I did at the same time find it just as enjoyable.
9 Good war-films can be very disturbing to watch. The dramatic realism of modern digital effects spares little and many audiences will find Hacksaw Ridge (2016) one of the most violent sensory assaults that can be experienced in a cinema. If it were not a true story that celebrates an unusual hero the film could have been accused of a gratuitous display of unrelenting carnage and military triumphalism.The film plays in two halves: the early life and romance of Army Medic Desmond Doss (Andrew Garfield) and the actual Battle of Hacksaw Ridge. Raised in bible best Virginia, Doss had a troubled upbringing under an abusive father. A devout Seventh-day Adventist, he swore never to commit violence or even carry a weapon but felt duty-bound to enlist in the Army. Not long after meeting the one love of his life, nurse Dorothy Schutte (Teresa Palmer), he enlisted with the belief that he could serve his God unarmed and without killing enemy soldiers.Branded a coward and bullied to leave, he was eventually granted conscientious objector status and became one of the troops sent to capture Hacksaw Ridge in the Battle of Okinawa of May 1945. While the assault was forced to retreat under overwhelming enemy fire, Doss remained behind and single-handedly evacuated 75 casualties, lowering them by rope from an escarpment over 100 metres high. The Ridge was eventually captured and Doss became one of the most decorated heroes of World War II.The heroism depicted in this story is of such an extraordinary magnitude that it can easily overwhelm any consideration of the film's merits. With an uncomplicated and factual narrative arc, the story rests on two pillars: acting and filming. On both scores, this film deserves high praise. While the early life and romance chapter drifts towards melodrama, Garfield is cast to perfection as the wide-eyed and straight talking man of unshakeable principle and Palmer convincingly plays his adorable emotional anchor. Together with a strong support cast that includes several big-name stars, this is a powerful ensemble that carries the story convincingly.The most outstanding element of this film, however, is its powerhouse hyper-realistic cinematography and spectacular set constructions that relentlessly convey the brutality of war. While it is an outstanding technical production, giving spectacle precedence over narrative is the film's Achilles Heel. One or maybe a few helmeted heads shredded or bodies bayonetted can convey much, but twenty deadens the senses. If ever there was a case where less could have been more, this is it. Otherwise this is a gripping film with forceful storytelling about a remarkable war hero.
9 Most action movies follow a pretty predictable sequence. There's nothing written in stone, but the movie tends to have an introduction, an epic conclusion, and then fills the intervening hour or two carefully switching between scenes of suspense, heroics, setbacks, triumphs, evil ploys and noble sacrifices. The more you watch, the more you notice the formula.Terminator 2 is one of the few good action movies that dares to throw the formula out the window, and that is what makes it so great. Instead of structuring the plot to build suspense by the book, Terminator 2 makes the bold move of telling a linear story where every scene actually has to be multi-dimensional and build the plot in a creative and new way. This is very hard to do, each scene practically has to be written from scratch like a chapter of a good book, and the difficulty of making that style of film-making succeed is why so many films rely on the trusty old formula.The structuring of Terminator 2 is a subtle thing to notice, but I do think it contributed to its success, and certainly to the relatively serious respect its given as a film. No one is going to confuse it with an art house film, of course, but at the same time, it does something that formula thrillers like "Air Force One" don't even try to do, it tells a story in an original, genuinely creative way without relying on traditional suspense-building clichés. In its own way, this film is a work of art.Of course, the film has much more obvious assets. The film's calling card will always be the epic action and special effects sequences - Arnold riding his bike off a ledge, twirling his shotgun around to reload it, tearing aside his fake skin to reveal the metal parts below - "Terminator 2" was a stunningly exciting film when it came out, and its visuals don't feel dated at all even 18 years later.Still, though, a lot of other films have had competent special effects. Why do people consider T2 a classic instead of films like "Independence Day", which also invested heavily in effects? It's not enough to just generate 15 minutes of jaw-dropping visuals in a 2 hour movie. You need to be creative about what you're actually depicting. A $10 million scene that's carefully crafted into the film's narrative is always going to do more for the audience than a similarly expensive scene that doesn't bother to give the audience any real reason to care about what's happening. Terminator 2 is a movie where the director spends time on the non-action scenes, treating them as more than just filler, and this really pays off because instead of seeing a nifty visual sequence with some character you don't particularly care about, the excitement of the action scenes in Terminator 2 is actually enhanced greatly because you like the good guys on a deeper level than in a formulaic action film.T2 is one of the high watermarks of action films. Everyone should see it, it's that simple.
9 It's hard to understand why this movie appealed to Hitchcock. It's a static stage play focused on expository dialogue, and final scene is long and involved yet not interesting. But apparently it was a successful play and Hitchcock decided he could make a movie out of it.Alas, the result is pretty tepid, outside of an excellent Ray Milland as a smiling psychopath. It's easy to blame the weaknesses of the film on the screenplay, but Hitchcock himself doesn't really bring much to the project. The scene outlining the crime could have been far more compelling, and I can't help but feel that Hitchcock at a different stage in his career would have made it more so. And there's one place where he attempts to open up the play a little by showing you what's going on outside the window when it's obvious that the moment would have been more effective as done presumably in the play, with the suspense generated precisely because you couldn't see anything and had to be told what was happening.Grace Kelly's simpering performance did nothing for me, but it's not her fault she was asked to play a cowering idiot. Robert Cummings didn't have much to do, but John Williams is solid as the inspector.Decidedly minor Hitchcock film that would have been justly forgotten if directed by anyone else.
9 WARNING! SPOILERS AHEAD! The Billy Wilder touch adds cynical wit to his sparkling adaptation of Dame Agatha Christie's play WITNESS FOR THE PROSECUTION (WftP), with some of the best lines in a Wilder movie since DOUBLE INDEMNITY, thanks to Wilder, Harry Kurnitz, and Larry Marcus. In our household, "Is that really desirable?" has become a catchphrase, along with many other gems from the mouths of star Charles Laughton and the rest of the sterling cast! :-) I only hope people seeing this for the first time haven't already seen Marlene Dietrich's scene-stealing performance in Orson Welles' TOUCH OF EVIL, or they might tumble to the twist finale before they're supposed to! :-) (In fact, if I recall correctly, when WftP was shown on Turner Classic Movies, Robert Osborne mentioned in his intro that Welles helped Dietrich out with her WftP "Cockney informant" makeup as a favor!) La Dietrich looks fabulous and keeps you fascinated even when she's coming across as the ultimate bitch; it's a shame she wasn't nominated for an Oscar along with co-stars Charles Laughton and Elsa Lanchester. Tyrone Power's usual slightly wooden delivery actually serves him well as the defendant; somehow it adds to defendant Leonard Vole's air of feckless innocence. Henry Daniell, John Williams, Ian Wolfe, Torin Thatcher, and particularly Norma Varden as the ill-fated Emily French provide able support, too, with Una O'Connor stealing her scenes as Mrs. French's loyal but "antagnistic" Scottish housekeeper. A young, brunette Ruta Lee provides a memorable moment or two. As sickly but sly barrister Wilfrid Robarts and his chipper but no-nonsense nurse, Miss Plimsoll, real-life husband and wife Laughton and Lanchester shine in the most engaging performances of their careers. The comic sparring chemistry between Sir Wilfrid Robarts and Miss Plimsoll, and the warmth and understanding that's grown between them by movie's end, had my husband Vinnie opining that if another movie was made featuring these characters, Miss Plimsoll would probably end up as Mrs. Robarts before it was over -- what a delightful series that could have been! Hey, at the very least, I'd have paid good money to see Billy Wilder direct Laughton, Lanchester, and Dietrich in a sequel in which Sir Wilfrid prepares for the trial of Christine Vole, a.k.a. Christine Helm! :-)
9 Wes Anderson is one of the last directors -auteurs- who's got complete control on the film set and has the power to make whatever kind of film he desires. His distinct visual style is apparent since his 1996 debut Bottle Rcoket. But that was just a start, with every film he made he was perfecting his technique more and more. This marvelous attention to detail, the way he composes his shots( tracking shots, the symmetry, the characters running in slow-motion), chase scenes, love story, nostalgia, explanatory montages, the colourful set design and the prevalent theme of every one of his films: family. This all adds up to the reason why the audience enjoys Anderson's film so much. This all is brought to perfection in Grandhotel Budapest. Through complex narrative framework, which itself is a mockery of all these films that are being narrated by someone and is also being an excuse for not being too realistic, we get to a story of a young lobby boy named Zero Moustafa and Gustave H. (Ralph Fiennes)the concierge of the Grandhotel Budapest. Many of the female guests of the hotel mainly come to enjoy Gustave's company. When one of these ladies passes away, Gustave grabs Zero and boards a train for her mansion. Soon he's blamed for her murder and hunted by police led by Edward Norton and a grim-faced assassin played by Willem Dafoe. There also is a love story between two young teens - Zero and Agatha (Saoirse Ronan) who has a birthmark in the shape of Mexico.I frankly don't understand how can this film be successful in the USA. This film is just so typically European, that I guess some aspects of the film Americans just aren't familiar with. Some of the humor reminded of old French, Italian and Czech comedies. Wes Anderson remains to be a stand-out filmmaker who never disappoints with any of his creations and is a safe bet to rely on his qualities. You won't want to return to the real world when the credits start to roll.
9 The first ten to twenty minutes where not just bad but horribly bad, but this movie recovered. Half way through the was a high chance of peeing my pants I was laughing so hard my face hurt.the people around me where laughing so loud they drowned out parts of the movie, i loved it i will buy it. The sequel was as good as the original go see it.
9 I usually don't feel compelled writing a review, but when reading most reviews already posted I needed to add the following: People complained about the movie being raunchy and containing too much dirty jokes, what else did you expect.. it literally has the word "dirty" in the title. It is not some French romantic love story, nor is it pretending to be. It is a funny road trip story filled with a lot of "fucks" and childish (hilarious) jokes which if you like these kind of movies will definitely keep you entertained until the end. And, ultimately it even has a small underlying message to teach you.If you are looking for something more serious, then please don't go and then complain after, maybe try checking out something else.
9 *Spoilers Inside* (Please, don't read this review unless you've seen the film.) I saw Clint Eastwood's "Million Dollar Baby" after hearing glowing reviews from critics and friends. I heard that it spun a story you thought you knew into new and unexpected territories. I heard it was magnificent. I was ready to love it.I left the theater feeling cheated, not only because of the jarring twist that renders all before it null and void, but also because of the genuinely shoddy direction, screen writing, and cinematography. Maggie Fitzgerald (Hilary Swank) is a white-trash waitress with the dream of making it as a boxer... Frankie Dunn (Clint Eastwood) is the grizzled, crusty trainer who refuses to take her on as a client. Morgan Freeman is... Morgan Freeman, the noble, dignified black man that he plays in every film in which he's ever appeared. No surprises yet. After what feels like the longest first act in film history, Frankie finally agrees to come out of retirement and train Maggie. We are introduced to a harmless, semi-retarded boxer named 'Danger,' which was such heavy foreshadowing that I literally could not stop thinking about him for the rest of the film, positive he would prove to be the red herring that would kill, maim, or seriously injure one of our leads. The joke was on me- the character serves NO purpose in spite of his significant screen time. The idea that Maggie becomes an international superstar and contender for the championship and still does not know the meaning of the Gaelic nickname Clint has embroidered on her robe is absurd. And painful. When Maggie finally gets her title fight, an illegal punch by her monster-like opponent sends her to the mat, landing head-first on her corner stool- an event which in real life would disqualify her opponent and possibly concuss Maggie instead wins her opponent the fight and renders Maggie paralyzed, bedridden and ventilator-dependent for the rest of her miserable life. Are we having fun yet? This third act is where the movie falls entirely apart. Morgan Freeman's character is revealed as nothing more than a narrator, a prop, as he serves no point in character or story.Maggie's monstrously cruel family (ever notice how the antagonists in this "brilliant character study" seem to be pure evil?) abandon her and only Frankie will stay by her side, taking care of the once-strong girl who can now barely speak. When she does speak, she predictably begs Frankie to kill her, to end her life and put her out of her pain and misery. Frankie finally decides to oblige after the mandatory wrestling with his conscience... he slips in one night as quietly as the angel of death and wishes Maggie goodbye, finally telling her the true meaning of the nickname he gave her. First, there is no chance in hell she would not already know, and secondly, by this point in the film it's so obvious that Frankie loves the girl like a daughter that the point is moot. The scene could have been saved by Maggie warmly saying, "I know," after Frankie tells her the meaning, but no... she's wide-eyed and surprised and moved beyond words. So Frankie offs the girl and slips away, never to be seen or heard from again. Wouldn't the nurses in the intensive care unit be alerted when a patient's vitals flat-line? Wouldn't there be a criminal investigation as to who killed this girl? A funeral, even? Not in Million Dollar Baby, baby. All we get is the god-like Freeman narrating the epilogue, pondering where Frankie is and what he might be doing. Problem is, I genuinely didn't care. What I did care about was the fact that the movie was filmed in GlaucomaVision... poorly-lit, out-of-focus, and often underexposed. (There's an art to shadows, Mr. Eastwood, and this isn't it) If you don't believe me about the visuals take a look at the scene in which Freeman and Eastwood watch Swank's first bout from the back of the arena... Morgan stands there with his arms crossed over his chest and there seems to be a key light on his little belly, drawing attention to his little bulge and making him look more heavy than he really is. There are a number of Steadicam shots in which the subject of the shot is lost, and boxing matches shot so shaky that people in the theater couldn't tell who was fighting. (At least it wasn't just me.) Million Dollar Baby is not only mis-titled, it's mis-made. The film exploits the boxing genre and a sack of sports-movie clichés in order to justify the idea of mercy killing. It is unsatisfying, incomplete, and poorly-produced. It manipulates the audience by using an absurd fictional story in order to prepare us for the "shocking" ending... a better movie would have been less black and white and allowed us to decide for ourselves. The movie is nothing more than a calculated stunt, and Clint should have retired after "Mystic River." It's better to go out on top... just ask Maggie Fitzgerald.GRADE: F
9 i just saw this movie a few days ago at a special advanced screening. as and avid F1 fan myself i loved it. this review might contain Spoiloers depending on how much you want to know about the movie. i don't give many movies a 10/10 but this one got it. overall a superb movie, this is Hollywood's first attempt at telling and showing F1 on the big screen and they nailed it. yes there were a few things they could have done better but not everything is perfect. When you hear those V12 engines start up in the opening scene, you get that Rush of testosterone in the pit of your stomach because of the sheer ferociousness of the sound in the theater. from that point on you are hooked. even if your not an F1 fan that scene will make you want more. every girl i talked to about the movie said they were seeing it for Hemsworth, and after the movie they were in awe about the awesomeness of Formula 1 and what it takes to succeed in the sport. from then on the movie moves at a good pace. as an F1 fan i wish there were a few more race scenes, but it is a Hollywood movie not a documentary so they have to appeal to everyone. the plot and the way the present it was great. i wish they went a little more in depth on Lauda and Hunts backgrounds and also went more in depth on the supporting characters like andretti and regazzoni. but since they didn't do that it lead to a better look at the intense rivalry between lauda and hunt. the small amount of comedy that was in it was very funny, it was somewhat unexpected. the Cinematography is amazing. so many different shots throughout the car and driver as an audience you feel like your right there with them, and as an F1 fan you get all the shots you expect and more. you also get a very good sense of the 1970s era, it feels like a movie made in the 70s with modern quality. some parts look gritty like they used 35mm film.overall i think this is one of, if not the best movie I've ever seen. i saw it 4 days ago and i cant stop thinking and replaying scenes from the movie in my head. i cannot wait for it to come out on blu ray. obviously go see it if your an F1 fan, but even if you aren't i guarantee you will like it. take your girlfriend or sister or mom to go see it and they will enjoy it no matter what. and you definitely wont be bored, it kept me on the edge of my seat the entire movie. not one person left the theater once it started.
9 Perfectly directed action flick, honest action scenes, non-deluded or fantasy action hero.. Great entertainment, flag ship for todays era of new type of B rated actions movies, which are concentrated more on choreography, effect and directness. This movie has it ! Dont be distracted by critical people who wants every move feels like Einstein... Fast and furious are shi**y movies with no realism, this movie can perfectly hide every single shortcomings..
9 Great movie. The scenic setting made this movie 10 times better. Seemed to add more realism for some reason. Either way the acting was brilliant, it moved fast and slow and fast again but intentional I think. Well directed, beautiful scoring!
9 You all may know the story at how Tom Cruise saw this movie at a screening in London, and afterwards said, "This movie rocks."  Whatever you may think of Mr. Cruise, I happen to agree after watching this film.  Although I had trouble following the story at times, it was a lot of fun, and Ritchie managed to juggle all the characters around and keep me interested and compelled to watch.  I also didn't have any trouble understanding what the characters were saying, and I think those who blind themselves to films like this by saying, "Oh, I can't understand them" lack patience.  I also liked all the actors, particularly, of course Lenny McLean and Vinnie Jones(one of my few complaints is I would have liked to see more of them in the film). And for a film which feels violent, there's surprisingly little actual violence, which is refreshing.  Overall, not a particularly deep film, but a lot of fun.
9 What makes a feature film different to a short? It isn't just length. After all, some of Charlie Chaplin's later shorts were as long as forty-five minutes, while The Kid is barely an hour. No, when Chaplin made his graduation to full-length features, he also strove to broaden the scope, scale and above all the dignity of his work. The Kid is not just the addition of another fifteen minutes of funny business; it is truly a turning point in Chaplin's career.The Kid begins with a bit of backstory, as a few of Chaplin's shorts do, but never before has he conceived one as professional looking as this. Here we have the opening of a drama, and yet one written and staged with such simplicity that it does not overbalance the rest of the picture, and does not leave us waiting too long to get onto the comedy. Two shots and a title card tell us that the woman in this story is the mother of an illegitimate child. A couple more shots tell us that the father is now out of her life, and revealing him to be an aspiring artist gives us an idea of why she may have been attracted to him, and why perhaps their relationship was passionate yet brief. Of course, such seriousness was the sort of thing to be lampooned in a Chaplin short, but here that wouldn't be appropriate. Instead we are eased gradually into the comedy world, but having the pair of hoodlums who steal the car slightly buffoonish characters – they are by no means laugh-out-loud funny, but they certainly don't belong in a straight dramatic setting. And throughout while the drama remains very genuine Chaplin takes care never to allow any environment to become too serious, for example having Henry Bergman turn up as a flamboyant impresario in the dressing room scene.And never before has the effort gone into directing actors been so evident in a Chaplin picture. The performances in The Kid are full of subtle gesture and timing in ensemble pieces. Edna Purviance demonstrates a good sense of dramatic realism, with a little too much melodramatic exaggeration, but still very natural by the standards of the time. And of course, little Jackie Coogan is astoundingly impressive, his movements, expressions and timings all spot-on, so much so that it almost looks impossible for a child to be acting with such apparent awareness, and he appears more like a human cartoon character. Coogan steals the picture with ease, and for once the normally egotistical Chaplin steps graciously aside.This too is an important difference with The Kid. Chaplin had always resisted anything verging on a double act, famously severing his partnership with the funny-in-his-own-right Ben Turpin back in 1915. Now however he allows his rapport with Coogan to become the main basis for gags. Notice how there are very few protracted comedy sequences in The Kid that feature Chaplin on his own. The few examples, such as the routine with the policeman's wife and the window ledge, are often hilarious and Chaplin could easily have filled the picture with such material. However, he does the bulk of the comedy in duet with Coogan, in material which is perhaps not quite as funny but also has that endearing touch to it, and Chaplin willingly sacrifices his own time in the limelight to bring this out.Today The Kid can be looked upon as the ancestor of the successful feature-length spin-off. If you look at something like the 80-minute Christmas special of The Office, it similarly broadened out the scope of the TV series by adding some serious dramatic and emotional elements, and has become recognised as a masterpiece – better than the series. By comparison The Simpsons will always be best remembered as a TV show because The Simpsons Movie just felt like an extra long episode. Chaplin's full length features however were far more than just spin-offs, and have always been revered and regarded as the most important body of his work.
9 Gran Torino - They don't make them like they used to....Mr. Eastwood has a knack for storytelling. Instead of being preachy or having an all to obvious agenda, he lets his viewers make up their own minds. His characters don't have a message, they have a life and make no excuses for who they are. In so many subtle and intelligent ways we are allowed to make our own choices. Like with Kowalski in the movie, you are not confronted with a role model hammering home all those "life's important messages", but rather with a movie saying "Look! This is the way it worked out for me. And I think I know a few tricks that might help you, but in the end it's your own life. However, you have to trust me when I say that there are a some things you don't want to see or experience!". Some people will leave this movie entirely untouched, others will certainly be crying their guts out. Not because some people "get it" and others "don't", but because it is a brilliant piece of entertainment reaching out to every viewer in its own specific way.Eastwood's acting is top notch again, although the years have not been very kind to his voice. The rest of the cast are fine, but one can certainly spot their more amateurish backgrounds here and there which is the main reason why I could not give this one a 10/10.Apart from that there is little to criticize. It's not an action movie, not a drama movie and certainly not a comedy (even though you get a few laughs out of this one). It's simply a good story about life.....and death.
9 I remember to see this movie with my father(R.I.P)in theaters and in that time you don't know nothing about the movie is not like this times that you have magazinez and web to know everything about the movie so i was in 0 when i got to see it.Of course i see STAR WARS about 7 u 8 times and i was amazing when i see this movie i was open mouth..so dark so mysterius so thriller so tragic i mean everything in this movie was perfect.I can't believe that is almost 35 years of this movie and still looks great with new effects o not look's great!!!.That's why all the fans of SW knows that this is the best movie of the saga and simply one of the best sequels ever make in movie story!!!.
9 Memories of murder is a masterpiece.WOW! what a brilliant piece of film making!.The colors are filled with suspense and saturated with Korean attitude. I have seen a lot of movies about detective. Memory of murder is the best ever made.This definitely is one of my favorite film. The atmosphere create tension that keeps you at edge of the seat and keep you guessing.You want to understand this movie? You should know Korea history .This movie has many symbols,refer to﻿ dictatorship. This movie is based on a true serial murder case and they never caught the﻿ culprit. Between 1986 and 1991 ten women were murdered. There were nearly 3000 suspects questioned and 1.8 million police tried to find the murderer, but he has not been caught yet.I won't hesitate to give this a 10/10 rating. To be very honest, no other thriller impressed me this much.Surely Hollywood must learn lot from this Mesmerizing film.Each and every frame of this movie is important.Bye Hollywood, hello Korea.Almost best film in Korea﻿ right now so far.Trust me, you wouldn't wan't to miss this brilliantly acted, brilliantly paced, brilliantly shot, brilliantly written, brilliantly directed (etc.) BRILLIANT FILM. the BEST detective&thriller movie! And i﻿ really have to say the ending scene is once again, just beautiful.Highly Recommend.
9 Toy Story – 5/5 starsChildren play with toys. It is a known fact. At one time or another, we all played with toys, whether they were action figures, dolls, little green soldiers, etc But what if toys were real? What if they could talk?Pixar and Disney serve us this theory in what was the first full-length computer-animated film ever, 'Toy Story,' chronicling the events in the life of a cowboy doll, Woody (voiced by Tom Hanks).Woody is the favorite toy of his owner, a small child named Andy. Andy brings Woody everywhere, and cherishes him, as we see in the beginning of the film. However, this all changes on Andy's birthday when Andy gets a new toy: a Buzz Lightyear doll (voiced by Tim Allen). Woody is suddenly forgotten, left with the rest of his friends: Mr. Potato Head (Don Rickles), Rex (Wallace Shawn), Slinky Dog (Jim Varney, better known as Ernest) and Ham (see if you can guess the voice of this one? I'll give you a hint: 'Cheers'). But after Buzz accidentally gets knocked out an upstairs window, Woody is the prime suspect. Now, after Woody and Buzz end up next door, in toy killer Sid's house, Woody must prove his innocence by getting both Buzz and him back to Andy's house safely.'Toy Story' builds on an element we all shrug off carelessly and thoughtlessly. Much like they did last year with monsters under the bed, Pixar took the theory of live toys to a new level in 'Toy Story,' filling our minds with endless possibilities.What Pixar does is a strange thing. It doesn't just try to expand our mind, but also out world. I respect and enjoy that. In 'Monsters, Inc.,' Pixar managed to preach to us 'What if monsters under the bed are real, and what if they have a world much like ours, and have feelings like humans,' while never forgetting the equally important formula of humor. Much is the same with their earlier film 'Toy Story.' What if those wooden and plastic toys we all played with as kids are real? What if they have feelings, emotions, voices, and human qualities? An interesting idea by itself, but when mixed with a wicked sense of humor and reality, you've got yourself one of the best films ever.Tom Hanks is perfect as Woody. Pixar must have modeled the doll's expressions and movements after Hanks, because after a while, I feel like I AM watching Hanks on screen, and NOT a computer-generated image. When you get to the point of not being able to tell animation from reality, you know that the voices are good.The same goes for Tim Allen, though the body gestures were most likely not modeled after Allen's physical expressions (Buzz is a short, pot-bellied toy).The rest of the cast is excellent, all very believable and entertaining. You begin to love each character for their distinguishing traits, and that is always refreshing.I can safely say that I have not enjoyed animated films quite so much over the years as I have enjoyed Pixar films. The only film they made that I named forgettable was 'A Bug's Life,' which was in and of it not horrible, but lacking the sense of humor the other Pixar films have and had.Pixar makes very refreshing films. In an era of cheap, made-for-video Disney sequels, rip-off cartoons and television babysitters (i.e. 'The Jungle Book 2), Pixar holds true to the values that made Disney films so entertaining back in the 30's-60's: Respect for the audience's intelligence, humor, provocative ideas to base the film upon, and respect for the audience (not the exact same thing as the first element), all of which are forgotten in this day and age of money-makers. I respect Pixar very much, and after hearing how little Disney does in helping with their films, I feel that Disney is just trying to cash in on their ideas by having their name branded on the posters for Pixar films. Shame on you, Disney. Proof that Disney has no respect for audiences is the fact that they will not let another sequel be made – something that fans like me would rather have than something like 'Finding Nemo.''Toy Story' 1 & 2 are both on my 'favorite films' list. It may sound stupid, but if I made up a top 250 list like IMDb.com, both of those films would be on there; so would 'Monsters Inc.' After an unpromising trailer for Pixar's upcoming film 'Finding Nemo,' I think that after their licensing deal with Disney is disputed (they have to cough up five more ORIGINAL films – not sequels – by 2005), they should definitely try to make a 'Toy Story 3.' I'll be first in line for it, anyway.
9 Few films have dared to touch WWII objectively from a German point of view; most use the Germans as great villains and Allied forces as great heroes... Movies like "Patton" show brief sights into German military thinking while "The Pianist" finds a good cultured German officer in a nightmare scenario "Downfall" tells the story of the Führer's final hours, his last critical 12 days in a fortified bunker below the Reich Chancellery, while the Soviet Army was slowly taking over Berlin and their artillery bombarding the whole the city Mostly through the eyes of his young Bavarian secretary, Traudl Junge (Alexandra Maria Lara) we see the ailing and obviously delusional Führer allowing no negotiation with the Allied forces, raving about how his generals betrayed him, ordering the movement of troops that do not exist, screaming that the German people do not deserve to survive for their apparent treachery and cowardiceBut what has come under criticism is the film's attempt at giving Hitlerwhose face has become symbolic for the epitome of evila compassionate side He's "Uncle Hitler" to the children of Josef Goebbles who happily sings for him, so loving for his blonde wife Eva Brown, so kind to his pet dog Blondi, so caring when he awards a young boy (who showed great bravery in the face of the enemy) with a medal and pinches his cheek, and so gentle when he pins a medal on Magda Goebbels for being the 'bravest mother in the Reich'.It's easy to see why the film was nominated for an Oscar in the Best Foreign Film Category It takes you inside the minds of Hitler's faithful, showing you how it was that one infamous man could be so charismatic and magnetic Although his closest advisors, the remaining dedicated members of the Nazi government, know that there is no hope, no one was seen willing to challenge his orders or attempt to seize power And many opted for suicide after living out their final hours in obscene denial, singing and dancing champagne glass in handBut Hitler's dark side is also shown when the film depicts his hate and antipathy for the Jews; when one of the more "rational" members of the Nazi hierarchy, Albert Speer (Heino Ferch), stated gently but bluntly to him that the war was lost and he did not follow his orders to destroy the infrastructure in German cities; also when he becomes convinced that Heinrich Himmler (Ulrich Noethen) has betrayed him and must be executed; and when Eva Braun pleads him for her brother-in-law's life, the tormented Hermann Fegelin (Thomas Kretschmann), and he furiously rejected her requestOne of the most horrifying sequences that is unforgettable was that of Magda Goebbles played by Corinna Harfouch It is astonishing to witness how an unstoppable steely mother, with no hesitation or remorse, is capable of such atrocities for a blind and irrational loyalty to a 'charming' monsterGanz's character is equally psychotic and human, capable of shooting even his most loyal followers and utterly believable as Uncle HitlerJuliane Köhler complements Ganz's exceptional performance with her own chillingly fine one as the ultimate blind follower whose loyalty to her Führer never flagged Köhler shows us how she can be drunkenly carefree dancing to swing as bombs and artillery shake the walls of the bunker one day, and in another day applying a fresh coat of red lipstick to her fleshy lips before she takes one cyanide tablet for the man she preferred not to live without"Downfall" may be considered powerful and historically significant It is a must for history buffs
9 I have never sat through a complete Hayao Miyazaki animated movie despite all the good vibes, reviews, recommendations I got from friends. Actually I have Spirited Away on DVD just waiting to be watched, but for some reason it still sits on my desk amongst others. Well, a good friend from up north passed me THREE Miyazaki DVDs, and given I'm going to where he is tomorrow visiting someone who mentioned during a visit to the previous movie set, how the scene was reminiscent of My Neighbor Totoro, I thought I'll pop that DVD and give it a watch.I was blown away. This IS animation, with a story suitable for kids to understand, and for adults to get a kick out of given its fantastical pieces. I shan't spoil the movie by spelling out the storyline, but suffice to say it centers very simply on a family, the father a professor who has recently uprooted his family of two girls, Satsuki and Mai, to the countryside, to provide a healthier environment for their ailing mom, currently in the hospital, to recuperate in. Thus begins the children's adventures in the country, with its lush greenery, and of course, with their new found friend, a giant ghibil known as Totoro, with seemingly magical powers of flight and fantasy.And it is in its simplicity where its beauty shines through. It is always said that children can see things that adults don't, and hence, there's a constant question as to whether Totoro is real, or not, and if so, how its interactions with the kids are possible. It's not just Totoro itself which is out of this world, but I totally like that grinning cat-bus.This is the kind of animated movie that our local animation production houses should be looking at. First and foremost, the story. While it doesn't contain huge battle sequences, complex or multiple characters for the sake of stuffing the movie, it goes to show that the story matters, in its ability to touch and resonate with audiences young and old (while the young ones go to the cinemas, don't forget the adults have to bring them too, and somehow you have to entertain them as well without being too complex for the little ones to understand).The character designs are also kept simple, but nonetheless effective. The animation here is top notch despite it being 2D, as are the cast who voiced the characters. The acid test here is whether the movie can stand the test of time, and watching it close to 20 years after it was made, the answer is a resounding yes, it passed with flying colours. There are plenty of moments where you go "so cute!" without it being saccharine, or trying too hard, and that is indeed remarkable. Characterization is superb, especially Mai, whom I think everyone who has a kid sister, would be able to relate to. That's how realistic I thought she was!Everything in this movie works well together, like a fine orchestra performing its pieces with precision yet with lots of heart. I do feel compelled to pop in and watch all the other Hayao Miyazaki DVDs I have in my collection, but I have to travel tomorrow and be away the next few days. You can be sure however, I will be back and complete watching them all real soon!I like Tonari no Totoro, certainly one of the best movies I've seen!
9 1954 was a big year for Grace Kelly.  She played in Hitchcock's classic "Rear window" and she won an Oscar for best actress in "The country girl" and most people tend to forget that she starred in yet another classic, "Dial M for murder".  Starring Grace Kelly, Ray Milland, and Robert Cummings, it is simply one of Hitchcock's finest movies of all-time.  In fact, I would consider it to be my second favorite Hitchcock movie ever, my first being "Psycho" (although I haven't seen "Rear window" yet).  Margot (Grace Kelly) is married to Tony Wendice (Ray Milland), an ex-tennis player.  However, she has been seeing another man named Mark Halliday (Robert Cummings).  Mark writes crime stories.  The two of them think that Tony doesn't know about their relationship but they're wrong; Tony has known about this relationship for one year and seems to have had enough of it.  So when Mark, who lives in New-York, comes to London to see Margot, Tony wants to go out with Mark and his wife.  But the night of the event, Tony is unable to go.  So he tells Margot to take Mark out and to have a good time.  The only problem is that Tony doesn't really have something that's keeping him from going out with Margot and Mark.  He has another plan, the plan being to blackmail one of his old college friends that has become a small time crook into murdering his wife.  What follows this is pure entertainment at its best.  As usual, Hitchcock masterfully directs this movie and has the right actors to do the job.  Ray Milland and Grace Kelly deliver very good performances and surprisingly enough, Robert Cummings does a rather good job in his role of Mark Halliday, the American crime novel writer who accidentally stumbles on the answer. But it is John Williams who steals the show with his great performance as Inspector Hubbard, the detective who holds the key to the whole mistery.  He is simply excellent and pretty funny when he is supposed to be.  Another of his great performances is in "Witness for the prosecution" where he played Brogan Moore, Charles Laughton's very good friend and seconding lawyer in the case.  As for "Dial M for murder", well it's one of those movies that anyone should see at pretty much any cost.
9 Greetings from Lithuania.I cannot understand how this great film has got such a low rating here on IMDb. Believe me - this rating has got nothing to do with this film itself. I would guess that this rating reflects many people reaction to the director, not the movie (i think you know what i mean). "Oldboy" 2013 is great film, i have to admit i liked it ever more than the original. Yes, it's that good. Acting by all involved was really great, writing, cinematography were also very solid, and the ending was so unexpected to say at least - i saw the original in 2004 so i remembered only the main plot. Overall, skip the negative reviews and shamefully low rating and watch this film, it's a really good one.
9 Milos Forman's One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a landmark (one of the few I might add) in cinema. Pretty much everything in this film is at or close to perfection. And rightfully so, it became only the 2nd (1 in 3 films in history along with It Happened One Night and Silence of the Lambs) film to win the top five Oscars- Best Picture, Actor (Jack Nicholson), Actress (Louise Fletcher), Director (Forman), and Screenplay (Bo Goldman).The story (based on Ken Kessey's astounding, though not too similar, novel) focuses on a rowdy misfit named Randle Patrick McMurphy (Nicholson) who is put in a mental hospital with other people (some voluntarily in) who are not all there. Some of these guys include Danny DeVito (in his first role), Christopher Lloyd, Brad Dourif (in his Oscar nominated role) and the never forgettable Will Sampson who played the Chief. The film, It's actors and scenes will always be terrific achievements in cinema and is one of my favorites.
9 I re-watched this film recently and was blown away by the absolute suspense it invoked in me. My daughter (whom is 17) and I were both stunned at the quality and realism of a film made in 1975!! Our TV is 55 inches which showed the movie off to it's full potential and it certainly did not disappoint.That iconic moment of the young lady going skinny dipping in the dark with her male friend is utterly haunting. You know the horror of what's going to happen, the buoy dinging in the background gives you the chills. Steven Spielberg captures pure terror in that scene.Jaws completely absorbs you, as the trio of shark hunters venture off to try to snare the great white you begin to feel part of their adventure. You fear for them, get excited with them and dread what will happen next. When that fishing line starts spinning your heart starts pumping. This is pure class.The dynamics of Richard Dreyfuss, Roy Scheider and Robert Shaw's relationship(s) work brilliantly. The differences in their characters persona's is such that they rub each other up the wrong way, disrespect one another and wind each other up but in the end they are there for each other and develop a bond that I think surprises them all.As things begin to unravel your heart goes out to the trio and trepidation is the only way forward. They have the fight of their life on their hands, their bravery is boundless. You feel in awe of them. An absolute legend of a movie which I am grateful to have been able to watch and enjoy.
9 Good Googly Moogly, I HAD to comment on this show. It is like one of those accidents on the side of the road you don't want to look at because everyone is doing it and causing traffic to slow down to a crawl, and yet you do hoping you see a dead body or something! I don't know what is worse, the writing or the acting....honestly it is a tie. the original CSI: LV, OK, I got it....it was corny, yet still mildly entertaining, but this....wow. There are a lot of pretty people plastered on a day-glo and pastel, sun-drenched background, but after that what is there? I don't claim to be an expert or anything, but I am 99.9% certain crime scene investigators do NOT interrogate suspects and witnesses, chase down and arrest the bad guys, and I think the forensic science aspect of it is amazing, but these local police departments seem to have better equipment than NASA! I am sorry, I had to finally vent and I doubt anyone actually reads this but I must know I am not alone in my complete hatred for this show, yet sick perverted need to watch it....almost like I want the aneurysm to take me as I scream at the T.V. ....my behavior is as idiotic as the show, I need closure ....thanks for listening
9 This was an entertaining and fun piece of film making from the ever-reliable Steven Spielberg. It is a bit of a depart from his usual full-blown and hugely epic pictures, yet this does not detract at all from the fascinating story of Frank Abagnale Jr. I was interested in this man before I'd seen the movie, and it only served to increase my interest. Although it is important to remember (as with any such film) that this is only 'inspired' by a true story and not told word for word from one, the plot is fascinating and keeps you laughing, crying and wondering until the end.Frank Abagnale Jr. is an astounding and interesting character. The real life Abagnale originally said that he did not believe Dicaprio to be 'suave' enough to play the role, but he certainly does pull it off. Dicaprio's acting is superb, and totally believable as a man who could lie to, deceive, and con everyone he met without once losing any of his charisma or charm. Hanks is also excellent, he plays the role of the obsessed FBI agent well, and also with a likable quality. The interaction between these two characters was great, it was interesting to see a budding relationship slowly build between two characters who were actually positioned against one another.I loved the look of the film. It was a refreshing blast to see the 60s portrayed in such a vivid and colorful way. The whole setting and atmosphere of the film gave it a wonderful and almost (I hesitate to use the word) 'magical' sense. This tone appealed to me much more than a darker tone might have.However, the film is rife with moral ambiguity. As much fun as it is to watch Dicaprio jumping from one place (and identity) to the next, forging checks and spending inordinate amounts of money at a whim, the film never really focuses on the morally bankrupt side of the story. The portion of the film devoted to this at the end still seems to skim over the fact that this man has stolen millions of dollars. It ends on a high note for Frank Abagnale Jr., never fully spelling out the wrongs he committed. Still, this would probably bring the whole film down, and sometimes it's fun just to enjoy a bit of escapism without being told off for desiring such things. I mean, it's hard to be totally strict and upright - you have to love it when Dicaprio's character swindles Jennifer Garner's prostitute for $400! Overall, this is a fun film and really enjoyable. Not as much of an epic masterpiece as some of Spielberg's other movies, but still a great film!
9 This film is deeply flawed in certain ways. It's much more convoluted than its predecessors, and nowhere near as cohesive. It seems like Sam has tried to fit too much into the film. Three villains as well as Peter's own inner demons, tension with MJ, problems at the Bugle...how much can one superhero handle? Sure, everyone has their own part to play...but introducing all those new characters, and having their individual arcs play out to a satisfying extent - it's a big job, and one that doesn't quite pay off - or, at least, pays off at the expense of smooth narrative flow. We end up with some terribly clunky lines of expository dialogue  such as Eddie Brock's line to Chief Stacy, which goes something like 'I'm the new photographer at the Bugle...oh, and I'm dating your daughter' - that will make you spit goo in annoyance (or, whatever it is you do when you're annoyed - I spit goo) The many mental/emotional shifts Harry (poor, poor Harry) goes through are handled in a pretty ham-fisted way, too. I can see what Sam is trying to do...but it just seems a bit...well, the word 'clunky' keeps coming to mind. There are also a couple of very 'sequelly' bits, which seem a little inconsistent with the other films. I'm not talking about the whole 'Flint-Marko-killed-Uncle-Ben' thing  that was actually handled surprisingly well. The most memorable example of what I mean is Bernard's little word in Harry's ear concerning Norman's cause of death. Umm...so, why couldn't he have mentioned it EARLIER?! Like, y'know, at the start of Spidey 2 for instance! It would have saved Harry a LOT of grief - not to mention Pete and MJ.Narrative flaws and rough edges aside, however, this succeeds in being far-and-away the most entertaining film of the three, based purely on action and laughs. It is the darkest, the most action-packed, and by far the FUNNIEST Spider-Man yet. This, I suppose, is the upshot of Sam Raimi himself writing the screenplay (with brother and Army of Darkness co-scribe Ivan). The sequence in which Peter turns into the lamest bad-boy in history is a total crack-up. The looks on the faces of the 'laydeez' as he struts along the street like a nerdy, emo-midget Travolta are absolutely priceless.The chase/fight sequence between Peter and Gobby Jr. is brilliant. We fly and fall through the air, not knowing which way is up half the time. Only Sam Raimi could disorient an audience to that extent while still allowing us to keep up with what's going on - AND manage to inject the scene with such style, humour and gravity, all at the same time.Both Sandman and Venom are great to watch. Yes, the special effects are awesome, but it mainly comes down to the fact that both characters are so well cast (no surprise really, given the casting in the previous films). Thomas Haden Church (a very BUFF Thomas Haden Church, I might add) brings real humanity to Flint Marko. We actually empathise with him. Topher Grace is great, too. He has fantastic comic timing, and gives us a very slick, smarmy, but perversely likable Eddie/Venom. He gets some of the best lines (as well as some of the worst).The established cast are all as good as ever, and have now grown nicely into their roles. They all seem comfortable, with the possible exception of James Franco - just because his character has been messed with a bit. But he does a good job considering.And then there's Gwen.Bryce Dallas Howard.(*Sighs*)Nothing much to say, really.I suppose I could say that Gwen would never make it as a model, because she's far too healthy-looking and altogether too attractive.But that might be a little cynical of me.Bryce has a big future in movies. She's a very capable actor, and is obviously extremely photogenic. She just needs to stop doing bad M. Night Shyamalan films. And keep doing good Sam Raimi ones.Speaking of capable, extremely photogenic actors who keep doing Sam Raimi movies, it's good to see Bruce Campbell in a slightly more memorable part this time. I'd never imagined him playing a cheesy French Maitre'D, but he gives a hilarious turn in a classic scene.Yes, this film has problems, but if you just sit back and soak it up, they don't really matter that much. The movie looks great, will make you laugh, and will thrill you as well as move you. Possibly.I can't really speak for everyone. I mean, you might be one of those unfortunate people without a soul.But I love it, in spite of its flaws, and I still think Sam Raimi is one of the best high-profile directors in Hollywood - because he's all about having fun. And that's what it all comes down to with Spider-Man 3.Fun.
9 Not only was it an excellent adventure but the basic plot lines were plausable enough even for those who follow Middle Eastern politics closely to sit back and enjoy.
9 A year ago, if someone would have asked me "What is your favorite movie ?" , I would not have known what to answer exactly, maybe Fight Club, maybe Vertigo, Indiana Jones even would have come to my mind.Since June, I have but one answer: 'Le fabuleux destin d'Amélie Poulain' !!! It is simply unique in his kind.  And now it has come out in the US, I am a bit frightened, because everybody there describes it as a simple 'feel-good movie'.  It is so much more than that ! Never before has a movie INFLUENCED my life in such a way.  Audrey's performance is simply stunning... she plays with an innocence, a wit, a smartness and naïvity that even someone with 40 years experience could not have done better. (please, will someone give an oscar to that girl, she makes Kidman & Blanchett look pale :-) The score from Yann Tiersen is so beautiful that by now I'm addicted to it ( I read here somewhere something about 'accordeon jingle', please, get some education ;-). The story itself could easily have been abused, and I'm sure that if Hollywood had made this movie, it would have been ridiculous, but now it is a beauty, a pearl amidst broken hearts.This movie is for everyone who understands passion or who has lost his/her childhood somewhere along the way. If you love art & music, sunshine & poetry than you are qualified for seeing this movie, be warned though...this movie can change your life (and maybe..it will ;-)!Audrey is superb, Matthieu is better than himself, every actor gives a stunning performance, the scenery is beautiful, the whole movie is amusing, entertaining and charming, even CGI is perfectly done ! 10 out of 10 !!!a 21-year-old Amélie fan who can enjoy the little things in life again
9 As oppose to its commonplace plot, Rashomon as a concept is extraordinarily idiosyncratic and perhaps it is this striking attribute that makes it an undisputed masterpiece, howsoever improbable. It vividly limns the artistry of contrivance innate in the human psyche owing to the importunate desire of humans to placate their insatiable egos. This manipulation of facts has no limits and entirely depends upon the skill of imaginative improvisation of the individual along with his level of comfort at skullduggery. The ability to misinterpret comes naturally to the humans as a desperate ploy to counter the adversities of life and that's what makes it indispensable. As a direct consequence of contrivance, the concept of truth no longer remains universal but becomes rather subjective and a matter of individualistic perception. Rashomon pioneered Kurosawa's dream tryst with perpetual brilliance and undoubtedly played a pivotal part in making his name a mark of excellence in the world of cinema. Rashomon is a well knitted tale about a supercilious samurai, his whimsical wife and a boorish bandit. The bandit inveigles the samurai into imprisonment and has his way with samurai's wife. The dead body of the samurai is later discovered under mysterious circumstances by a woodcutter. The bandit is captured and arraigned along with the deranged widow of the samurai. Their narrated versions seem such contrasting that a psychic is called upon to conjure up the dead samurai's spirit to record his testimony in order to corroborate the facts that seemed excessively manipulated. The samurai's version yet again differs considerably from the testimonies of the other two. Each version though different seemed to satiate the respective ego of the testifier. The woodcutter, who didn't want to get involved personally, later confesses to a priest to have actually witnessed the incident and comes up with a version of his own which falsifies the other three. The movie is ingenious as its actual motive has nothing to do with the revelation of truth as verity is merely a matter of lame perception, but rather is to highlight the discrepancies among the different versions as a medium to depict the irrational complexities associated with the human psyche. The concept of Rashomon though well ahead of its time, sowed the seeds for creative innovation in the world of cinema and has served as the undisputed benchmark of innovative excellence for well over five decades. A quintessential Kurosawa classic, strongly recommended to the masses for its sheer brilliance and enigmatic charm. 10/10
9 Se7en is a very complex and deep movie, while also being quite disturbing. Andrew Kevin Walker created one of the most original spec screenplays of all time, but it is the kind of story traditionally used more as a writing sample than actually made into a movie. But the creative team of director David Fincher believed in this extremely dark, uncompromising story, and made it just the way Walker wrote it.The story revolves around two extremely well-drawn characters, David Mills (Brad Pitt) and William Somerset (Morgan Freeman). In one sense their relationship is the ultimate cliché -- the old veteran cop paired up with the brash rookie (though Mills is not actually a rookie, just new to the unnamed city where the movie takes place). But the contrast between these two characters is played out not for laughs or cheap drama but as the real working out of a moral question. Somerset, the lonely, cynical older detective, cares about people but has seen too much of the dark side of life to have much hope for society. Mills is not as intelligent as Somerset (kudos to Pitt for being willing to play a character that frequently looks foolish), and he lives by a simplistic belief in the power of law enforcement to change the world.Throughout the movie, the two characters struggle with this conflict -- is human society basically rotten, and can one person do anything to make a difference? Somerset, an intelligent, well-read man, is smart enough to recognize the truth, however painful that is. Mills is the kind of person who has never truly questioned the simple "values" he was raised with. Somerset tries to educate him, tries to warn him, but ultimately fails.In the end, it is only John Doe, the serial killer, who can teach Mills (and by extension the audience) the truth -- that this world is very often shockingly vicious and senselessly cruel. Doe and Somerset actually have similar views of society and the world, up to a point. But while Somerset still cares about his fellow human beings, Doe hates them, and takes out his rage in a series of gruesome murders based on the seven deadly sins.This movie is about the investigation Mills and Somerset undertake of Doe's murders, his "sermon" to the world through serial killing. Ultimately, Mills and Somerset can only do so much to try to stop Doe; the killer always seems at least one step ahead of them, and stays that way until the very end of the movie. In a normal Hollywood film, Mills and Somerset would "win" in the end by catching Doe and setting the world right again. But Andy Walker had a quite different ending in mind, and Fincher and his team take the shocking conclusion all the way to the limit of tension and drama.This movie, like Fincher's "Fight Club," was controversial for being violent and gruesome. Certainly there are a number of gruesome and disturbing images of murder victims' bodies, and many aspects of the story are very troubling, to say the least. But only one person is shown being killed on screen, and by far the worst of what happens in this story happens in the viewer's imagination. Unlike most films that have high levels of violence -- including, for example, Reservoir Dogs or Silence of the Lambs -- this movie genuinely attempts to grapple with the moral implications of what is being shown on screen. In direct contrast with, say Quentin Tarantino, who uses extreme violence for shock effect and to gain notoriety, Fincher actually shows less violence on screen and raises far more probing moral questions in the viewer's mind. I cannot think of any movie that contains as much genuine debate and discussion among the characters about crime and human morality as this one does -- while never becoming dull or preachy for a moment.I cannot finish this review without a word about Mr. Fincher's extraordinary visual talents. This is a man who ranks with the top handful of directors of all time in his knowledge and grasp of film-making technique. Everything from set design to lighting, selection of film stock and processing techniques, camera movement, frame composition, and editing work together to create an entirely new level of visual brilliance. Fincher's use of technique brings to mind nothing more than the work of Steven Spielberg in the 1970s, the last time a director this extraordinary burst onto the Hollywood scene. A whole generation has passed since then, and there is a new wave of techniques and tools available to the filmmaker of the nineties. Fincher uses every one of these tools to their utmost. The technical work and supporting actors are uniformly superb. This is a movie that works on every level. Andy Walker, having written a mind-blowing screenplay, must have been stunned when he saw the finished film. This movie will rock you to the core.
9 If any contemporary director deserves to be in the mainstream spotlight without compromising their style, it's Steve McQueen. His debut, Hunger, already had the hand of a confident filmmaker taking a fly-on-the-wall style to the grimy art-house. Shame was one of the finest films of its year for its impeccable depiction of an addiction to one of humanity's primal survival instincts resulting in self-destruction. I'm so happy that his latest film has gracefully conquered early Oscar favourites from the output of David O. Russell, Martin Scorsese and the now delayed film from George Clooney to become this year's Oscar frontrunner. During its festival run when the buzz first began, I took it upon myself to read the screenplay. While I can usually sink scripts within a few hours, the poetic density of 12 Years A Slave took several sittings across a week or two. Even on the page it was a harrowing, exhausting experience. It's a film that needs a have a gut to truly display the length of time, but the script is bloated in its brilliance.Naturally, scenes were cut (whether in the editing room or pre-production I don't know) and that's a blessing and a curse. Now in the film, we rush to Solomon Northup's capture, opening with scenes we shall revisit later on. I understand the decision to enter the world as quickly as possible, but I do feel it hurts its first act. As much as I jump for joy every time Scoot McNairy hides himself in a film, the transition from ordinary life to becoming kidnapped feels jarring and contrived. Who is Solomon Northup as a free man? What does he want? Maybe we don't know because there is no source for the matter. Maybe McQueen isn't interested in telling that story. At the very least, we definitely know that Solomon is a compelling character during his capture. Chiwetel Ejiofor is an actor I've always liked but he's never made an impression until now. His passion and commitment to his portrayal of Solomon is utterly captivating. While he can slink into the background of some scenes where he is not the focus, when it's time to shine he bursts a fuse.Unfortunately during this cluttered first act, it concerns itself too much with subplots that we know will not succeed. While they accomplish establishing the stakes at hand and rule out the 'why doesn't Solomon just' there's just too many abridged tales. Perhaps this is distracting just because I know the full stories from the script, but they should've went all or nothing with them. It results in editing that frustratingly refuses to let us into Solomon's headspace. We're along for the ride, but too frequently not Solomon's ride. During then we only get rare and rewarding glimpses into how he feels and his perspective on his past life stolen from him. Fortunately the film vastly improves once Solomon is free from the deliciously cruel Paul Giamatti to the spiteful live-wire Paul Dano. As the film focuses on his one-on-one conflicts and moral dilemmas, the film reaches intimate and truly challenging moments which is where the film's power lies. Fruitless subplots are dropped in favour of heartbreaking ones as we're introduced to the pitiful Patsey on the pathetic Edwin Epps' plantation.Michael Fassbender and Steve McQueen have been one of the most enthralling director/actor combination in recent years. They always bring out the best in each other. Here, it feels like they've reached their finest work yet, but still feels like their collaboration has just began. Fassbender's Edwin Epps is the film's most fascinating and complex character, a man who sincerely refuses to believe he is evil. He demonstrates the thesis of the film in that the authoritative caucasians didn't believe they were doing anything wrong. Many people have laid claim that he is pure evil, but I don't think that's the point, he belongs in a misguided world where he thinks his lust and affection is apt praise for Patsey's talent. While I may not have sympathy for him, he is a tortured soul, a regrettable and irreversible tragedy of mankind and this is thanks to Fassbender's incredible performance. His victim Patsey, played by talented newcomer Lupita Nyong'o, is an utter revelation. She may not have a fully developed character but in at least two powerful scenes, she makes the best out of what she can for a character that warrants the tears you will inevitably shed.One of the most consistent aspects of McQueen's films is the magnificent taste in cinematography and production design. Presumably from his art background, he's great at immersing you into his bleak visual worlds. Working with Sean Bobbit again, the cinematography is reliably enchanting. In true McQueen style, if a character must endure patiently, in this case Solomon hanging from a noose on the tips of his toes, we must endure with them. No shot this year, not even in the extraordinary Gravity, has been as stunning and unforgettable as the infamous long take of Patsey's lashes. It's a filmmaking masterclass in just a few short minutes. Despite the shaky first half hour, it's all redeemed in its harrowing final 15 minutes. It's the greatest sequence I've seen in a long time and I've never had a scene make me a blubbering mess quite like it. Yes, the jump to his kidnapping feels abrupt and there's no sense of relief to his inevitable freedom, but this is all calculated to mirror the struggle of his experience and we've felt every beat. 12 Years A Slave is a powerful testament to the endurance of the human spirit with its theme of injustice applicable to any point in history that earns the right to be one of the best of the year. After a string of lightweight Best Picture choices from the Academy, this will be a refreshing choice. 9/10
6 Who else than Stanley Kubrick could take a serious subject like the cold war and tell the story like a comedy ??? He proves his genius in this film more like in any other film of his. It's the story about one general ( with the very appropriate name Jack D. Ripper) gone mad and he launches an attack on Russia all by himself. He's mad, but still smart enough to prevent that anyone can stop him. He's got this strange ( but very funny ) theories about body-fluids, but his men respect him and do everything he says. So 34 fully-armed plains are sent to as many targets. Meanwhile his Colonel, Mandrake, tries to talk sense to him and the president and another General are trying to warn the Russian prime minister. You can have nothing but great respect for Peter Sellers. He plays three roles in this film and every single one of them is flawless. The doctor Strangelove character is hilarious and creepy at the same time. His appearances as the doctor are, along with the telephone conversations between the president and the Russian Prime minister the funniest moments in the film... Also the classic bomb-ride of Major Kong off course. George C. Scott is clearly having fun in his role and the debut of James Earl Jones is also definitely worth mentioning. Like I said already...a must see film if you're a film lover in general.
6 This is one of them movies where you know whats going to happen fro the start. and scenes the dialogue and action could have been better portrayed.but it a good watch
6 Who knew the end of the world could be such a bummer? In "2012," the first and certainly not the last big-studio bid to cash in on the supposed coming apocalypse, Roland Emmerich once again lays waste to Earth and its assorted famous landmarks, but this time it's with a touch of exhaustion, an almost routine finality. Maybe it's middle age (it's his first apocalypse since he turned 50). Or, maybe, it's because to a consummate destroyer of worlds (four doomsdays and counting), the true end of days is really just the final dreary step. Few images, after all, beat that of the California coast crumbling into the ocean like a sinking aircraft carrier, or of the subsequent barrage of flaming volcanic rock that pummels the earth when Yellowstone finally goes kaput, blowing its literal top and the audience's already torpid movie-going mind. Both of those sequences are given high prominence in "2012," though neither is predicted by the end of the Mesoamerican long-count calendar, from which this movie takes its name if not much else. Weaving escapist fantasy into scientific fact has long been the prerogative of high-concept vehicles like "2012," which omit most of the finer factual details (the Mayans never actually wrote of the end of the world, for starters) to make their own pseudoscientific conceits appear frighteningly plausible. That may explain why "2012" takes a nominally more scientific approach to the cataclysm (neutrinos, crust displacement, blah, blah, blah), though even Chiwetel Ejiofor, as the president's scientific adviser, seems to know that it's all one big joke long before Woody Harrelson, as some sort of apocalyptic hippie fanatic, can pop his eyeballs and declare, "It's the apocalypse, man!"Mr. Harrelson's character doesn't figure much into the story beyond the usual wise fool archetype, though at least his bug-eyed mugging gives oomph to what is otherwise a pretty unremarkable disaster flick. The real selling point of "2012" is, of course, the annihilation of our planet and most of our species, and, if nothing else, the destruction here can hardly be called boring. That's to be expected, seeing that Mr. Emmerich is certainly an old hand in the industry, having already vaporized, trampled, flooded and frozen the planet solid, not to mention raked in a collective ten-figure sum at the domestic box office. Considering the worldwide scale of "2012" and Mr. Emmerich's incurable tendency to one-up himself, it's also no surprise that here he works so relentlessly to cover all his catastrophic bases, from the pulverization of the Vatican to the inundation of D.C., to the purely extraneous sight of a cruise ship keeling over, Paul Gallico-style, upending the galley and its many digitally- rendered flailing human bodies.But, seriously, what's the point anymore? Like most apocalyptic trifles, "2012" trades on the doomsday scenario to stake the usual forgettable claims at the resilience of the human spirit (and the American nuclear family) but mostly it just wants to watch the world burn, sometimes literally. The human race is ending, after all, and if that end never really resonates in "2012," it's because not even Mr. Emmerich seems interested in examining it beyond the visceral level. Although he duly taps his emotional well by occasionally bringing you close to the calamity – the tiny human bodies tumbling from a collapsing freeway are certainly frightening – it's hard to feel awed by or even care at all about any of it when all the man wants to do (and wants us to do) is have a good time. "2012" is a pretty much a romp, then, and, for its first ruinous hour at least, a reasonably satisfying one. The sturdy B-movie screenplay by Mr. Emmerich and Harold Kloser actually picks up in 2009, giving time to introduce a few of the leading men and women who will figure into the imminent end, some of them likable (Mr. Ejiofor), others abhorrent (Oliver Platt as a blustering government bigwig), most of them just plain boring. Three years later, as the cracks in the Earth and the story become wider and more worrisome, more people come into play, in this case an everyfamily (John Cusack, Amanda Peet and their two burdensome children) we're meant to follow while modern civilization crumbles around them, in increasingly spectacular ways. But the spectacle wears off and the movie soon drags, done in when Mr. Emmerich's exuberant flair for devastation gives way to his seriously underwhelming affinity for family soap operatics and teary moments of worldwide harmony. Part of the problem with movies like "2012" is that even with the latest brand of pricey computer-generated effects at their disposal, such wizardry tends to undercut itself when you stop and realize that almost none of what you're seeing is really there, really happening. Mr. Emmerich is not entirely to blame, of course, though it's nonetheless a wonder that after three stabs at destroying the planet, he still can't avoid the disconnect between human tragedy and worldwide destruction that runs through "2012" like a fissure and keeps even its most realistic-looking disasters from ever feeling remotely real. Which may make it the perfect tonic to this particular ploy of the paranoia market.
6 Modern exploitation guru Quentin Tarantino serves up historical revenge once again. His last film, INGLOURIOUS BASTERDS, had the German Nazis getting theirs, and now, with a good German on board (in fact he's the villain from the last film) we're out to set things right in the American Deep South, two years shy of the Civil War Although the first half takes place on the road from Texas to Mississippi as bounty hunting dentist Dr. King Schultz recruits a slave named Django to help him find three outlaw brothers (Django alone knows their appearance). These are the more spirited and deliciously cutthroat segments as our heroes partner up and, as Django puts it, "Kill white people for money." Christoph Waltz (Schultz) and Jamie Foxx (Django) are a good team, and while making mince meat out of their targets, the bloodshed is something to marvel. But Tarantino throws in awkward bouts of humor, derailing the intensity of the moment. One particular scene where a group of rednecks complain about not seeing through masked eyeholes (including a very distracting cameo by Jonah Hill) feels like Mel Brooks clumsily intruding Sergio Leone.After Django helps Schultz with his job, it's time for the doctor to aid his more-than-capable partner rescue Django's wife Broomhilda, who resides at "Candyland," an infamous Antebellum plantation run by the sinister though much too youthful Calvin Candie.While Leonardo DiCaprio has more than capable acting skills, and savors the gloriously tyrannical racist dialog, there could have/should have been a backstory on why the owner of a plantation looks fresh out of finishing school.For a man who's supposed to have a lifetime of seething venom oozing from his veins, those desperately piercing blue eyes seem more confused and frustrated than cold and calculating, making Tarantino's purposely overboard racism more of a crutch than weapon for the DiCaprio character (perhaps Don Johnson, who played a wily brothel owner in a previous scene, could have taken this role he had the age going for him and with that, soulless eyes that look like he's seen – and been through – pretty much everything).But Leo's not alone. He's helped along by the most wicked of Uncle Tom's played by Samuel Jackson, whose spitefully cantankerous Stephen figures things out before his boss. This is a nice role for the QT stock actor, who has sleepwalked through many roles post PULP FICTION and JACKIE BROWN. Although his feeble mannerisms often slow down the performance.The main problem with UNCHAINED is how long Tarantino stretches scenes with dialog. While the actors, especially Waltz and DiCaprio, have a blast with colorful monologues, you'll often forget there are other characters on board – and most of the speeches fail to serve the plot. That being: the duo pretending to buy Mandingo slave fighters when they really want the girl.With all the deals and discussions going on, the much-anticipated reunion of Django and Broomhilda is lost in the mix. Not even Django's surreptitious trigger finger (whenever she's treated badly) adds worthy suspense, which, during this overlong stint at Candyland, is very much needed.But there's not all downtime at the mansion: a particular Candie lecture involving a slave's skull does successfully perk things up, providing DiCaprio a good five minutes of sheer unapologetic villainy. Then, after a shocking twist, it's Django alone who must save his girl.Jamie Foxx, having played a quietly brooding second fiddle to Waltz so far, makes up for lost time with heated gusto. This third and final act involving a group of Australians being duped by Django, who's learned the art of waxing poetic, is replete with the bare-knuckle action we've anticipated all along: although the large chunks of bloody guts flying off each gunshot victim seems like Tarantino doing an imitation of himself. There are some really neat montage sequences and beautiful locations, but some of the music, especially that of the rap nature, seems too modern for the time portrayed. And the editing feels somewhat limp without QT's longtime collaborator Sally Menke, who died a few years back: Particular flashbacks and hallucinations are often confusing and awkward.A pretty good ride, much better than Quentin's last two films (BASTERDS and DEATH PROOF), yet there needed a much tighter/sharper vehicle for our title hero to deserve the fanfare of the literally explosive finale.For More Reviews: www.cultfilmfreaks.com
6 Revisiting this film 13 years later makes me wonder why I hated it. I found this in MovieBox on my i-Pad. Loaded it up, fired up AirServer and streamed it into my main Media PC, then I sat back and got absorbed by this story like I never have been.And I actually enjoyed it - I first saw this when it came out, thinking it was a pompous bloated misrepresentation of the original. Mainly I hated Mark "Stumbling Rock Star" Wahlberg- But since then I have seen him in a few roles that suited him, especially his character from "The Departed".So I think that is what I had to get past, my initial distaste for an actor I didn't know. I don't know why I didn't like him, I just wasn't familiar with him.Compared to other Tim Burton films, this one keeps the Camp level down compared to "Sleepy Hollow" or "Mars Attacks" - He returns to the Grimness of "Batman". Burton approaches this as pure Science Fiction and treats it with more respect than "Mars Attacks". In fact, compared to Mars Attacks, this is a serious movie.In 1963 Pierre Boulle, author of "Bridge on the River Kwai" wrote a book called "La Planète Des singes" aka "Monkey Planet", which is told 3rd- person to a kinky space-faring couple who find a manuscript in a bottle floating in space. That story was the basis for the 1968 film and some of the events in the sequels. One of the aspects of Space Travel used in that 1963 novel was the prospect of Time Dilation, in which time moves more rapidly on Earth than it does for Travelers moving at relativistic speeds. This was used heavily in this film as Wahlberg's monkey's pod gets sucked into a Wormhole and the Ship he is on starts seeing transmissions from all times instantaneously. But we see later that it is just not the "Time Barrier" that gets crossed, some heavy Alternate Realities are taking place.This 2001 film returns to some of the original aspects of the book, in that respect, it is not as grim an ending as the 1968 version- So the whole surprise ending of the Heston version is missing- However, the ending of this film is based on the ending of the book.As far as the "Planet of the Apes" in this film, it looks good, the CGI is great and does not look phony, and Tim Roth is one nasty piece of work. The "Nova" character is played by Lisa Marie but not as a Major Character, in fact they made Nova a Chimp in this one. The Hero's Squeeze is played by Estelle Warren, "Daena". The Ape Prosthetics are very well made and it is difficult to see Helena Bonham-Carter as a Chimp or Michael Clarke Duncan as an Ape. But Tim Roth's "Thade" is a piece of slimy business and perfect casting. Not to mention Charleton Heston's Final Cameo and statement that denounces his own beloved NRA.We have no modern day Rod Serlings to write scripts, but I think this script has given several nods to his work.I think this is one of those films like "Bringing up Baby" that is appreciated more and more years after it's release, as Bringing up Baby is considered to be the classic example of slapstick comedy, this film will have a place in the Film Vaults- Visually it is astounding, it's not at all like any of Tim Burton's other work of the time. Maybe this is why it did not go over that well, just like 2001's "Evolution" with David Duchovny, which also was not appreciated that year, but today has been picking up fans who realize just how funny it really is.Ultimately, time is the final judge, not box office figures or the ratings of Websites that no longer exist. Nor does it matter that 1,350 bad reviews of this were posted on IMDb, many of those made by one person. As far as this movie goes, it is worth it to go back and revisit. But when it comes to "Planet of the Apes" versus "The Phantom Menace" I choose BOTH versions of Planet of the Apes. I can find all kinds of good reasons why this is a much better movie than all three Star Wars prequels.
6 I got the privilege to watch this film earlier than the India release as I happen to live in North America. Thank you Disney! Now, what to say about 'Dangal'? It's not a typical Bollywood film, yet it is easily the best Bollywood film ever, even in terms of every, so called, Bollywood masala trick. The incredible storytelling, based on true events, every small detailing, amazing cast, the message it had without being preachy or pretentious but still powerful-there was not one single boring moment in the movie-well, probably one, if you are too picky!,though it is nearly three hours! Kudos to the director! And what to say about Aamir khan? Though he did not have any dramatic moment in the movie (those belong to the girls, who were fabulous by the way), he is not the charming usual boy next door, sexy or cheeky person(the traits which are generally associated with Aamir Khan); rather he is a brute, has a tummy for the majority length of the movie-yet you will not be able to keep him off your mind, even after the movie ends, and easily the best Aamir khan performance ever (and yes, I have seen every Aamir khan film, each a million time).
6 Of course it is predictable, but so was the Titanic, we knew what was going to happen. (And no I am not comparing this to the Titanic) But it is about getting us to the end, in that regard, this wasn't that bad. If you are into this genre you will probably enjoy it, if not then move on. I watched with interest for most of the movie, how we got to go where we were going was of interest.
6 There were some buildings and then it rained and it's always dark and Edward James Olmos makes some origami and oh, someone shoots another guy, and then it rained and there was a chick dressed to look like Auntie Mame (look it up) complete with 40's style clothes and then it rained and Harrison Ford is in yet another dimly lit room (they don't have lights in the future?) and then there was a half naked lady (boobies!!) who had on some kinky high heeled boots that suddenly turned in to flats so she could run away in the rain...and it rained and oh wait! For some unknown reason we got some kind of hallucination of a running unicorn with no explanation and then There's Darryl Hannah with bad eye makeup and then it rained and some people said some stuff but none of it was really memorable and then it rained and some some nerd and his self made toy midgets did some stuff and then it rained and then Harrison Ford got into a fight with Rutger Hauer and then it rained and Darryl Hannah did some flips and screamed a lot and then it rained and then there was a white dove and some more rain and that about covers it.
6 I gained nothing from watching this movie. It's slow and for having difficult issues presented, it lacks emotion and substance.
6 This movie, based on Margaret Atwood's story, concerns a woman living in the not too distant future in the Republic of Gilead, a country that was once the United States. The country is now run by fundamentalist Christians who have demoted all women to a second class citizenship. Nuclear war has made most women infertile, so the government has forced all the fertile women to serve as handmaids and bear children for the leaders and their infertile wives as part of a biblical prophecy. The infertile women are sent off to toil as slaves and clean up nuclear waste. This movie concerns one handmaid, Offred (Kate) and her struggle to escape Gilead, find her daughter, and flee to Canada. Not a bad movie at all, all the actors do very well. The material just runs very slow at points, and the character's aren't all that well developed.
6 Honestly speaking I had not very high expectations for this one. Not because I thought it was bad, but because so much is revealed in the trailers nowadays. So I figured all the funny jokes had been given away already. I was wrong. This movie is truly entertaining and hilarious. I don't remember having such a great time at the movies in quite a while, even if some people think it is predictable, but... isn't that the reason most of us go to movies anyway? To spend a good time, have a good laugh and hopefully forget some of our everyday worries? Well this film did it for me. Congratulations to Miss Bullock, she did great job both as producer and as a leading lady, and the supporting cast was amazing. 10/10
6 Plot/story: Snow White and the Huntsman didn't need a sequel. Or a prequel for that matter, and this film gives it both. The premise was already on very shaky ground and the ice started cracking right from the start. (The opportunities for ice puns are just too good to miss, I'm afraid). The plot was all over the place. The structure was totally disarranged (blame the prequel & sequel setup, I guess) and the narration at the start was not only annoying, it cramped the story as if it was almost trying to apologise for the film before it started. In addition, the back story was stupid and weak. Loopholes abounded. There was too much going-on. It felt cluttered (especially the prequel part), the whole story was weak, and I found it hard to "suspend disbelief". Swallowing Blunt and Theron's "god-given powers" and all the magic without any explanation, twisted my stomach. Acting: The acting was decent. (I'll come to Emily Blunt's excellence just now...). Chris Hemsworth smiled a lot, Charlize Theron was underused and I thought her performance was halfhearted (she definitely wasn't on the same level as the first film, I thought). Except, that one line of hers "Oh Huntsman, I've missed you..." was killer. Jessica Chastain was definitely a good addition to the cast, and it was clear she was loving every minute of playing her badass Huntswoman. The dwarfs were portrayed by two brilliant comedians (Rob Brydon and Nick Frost) and while they did offer small comic relief, their lines were frequently short of witty and actual humour. This, however, is the fault of the script; definitely not the actors, who clearly were trying their best to work with what they had. And that brings me to...... The script. The dialogue, to be specific. And the dialogue was really bad and really boring. Another con: The chemistry between Hemsworth and Chastain was painfully forced. Chastain tried her best, but it just didn't work. In fact, there was more chemistry between Chastain and Blunt than there was between Mr. Huntsman and his stubborn wife. With the exception of Blunt, none of the actors gave their characters solid development. In fact, Blunt gave Freya more development in this one film than Hemsworth and Theron gave their characters in this film and the previous one combined.Emily Blunt: Undoubtedly the biggest PRO of the film, only Emily Blunt can pull off an Ice Queen and still show warmth. She delivered a brilliant performance, even going so far as to bring tears to my eyes during the climax and her {SPOILER!} death. Blunt was excellent, heart- breaking, chilling, and extraordinary. I LOVED her performance. Other: The cinematography was totally bland and boring and unoriginal. I was literally starving for some bright shots of the fantasy world and some creative angels to showcase Blunt's gorgeous ice powers. ( I kinda have an obsession with ice scenes. And the potential for good showcasing in this film made me ache with disappointment..). The action was good and exciting, but unfortunately it also felt forced, and, looking at the climax, too short-lived. Still, for the most part the action/fight scenes were decent and epic. And the CGI was very good. Was this film better than Snow White and the Huntsman? Did I prefer it? I don't know. Chastain and Blunt were brilliant additions, but the story was weaker. Oh, and on a side note, Halsey's "Castle" during the credits was a brilliant choice of soundtrack.
6 I'm not sure what the fuss is about Inhumans as a television show, but it now should make sense as to why Marvel Studios evaded from setting it up as a big blockbuster film. Black Bolt, Medusa, Maximus and co. all have more to explored with and within and two hours wouldn't be good enough because it would've drawn comparisons with Maximus being a matured version of Loki etc. It's not as terrible as everyone is saying, there is honestly a lack of understanding these characters properly. The show comes to a perfect close at the near end of Episode 2 where Black Bolt steals clothes as he grasps this new reality. You have to understand that the Inhumans have been living on Attilan for many years and can only speak/listen to how they've grown up plus dealt with their powers (different from how humans on Earth live their lives). That's what makes them great, that's what makes them Inhuman once properly understood. Changing the movie to a television show paid off well, it opened up many possibilities. I'll be honest, the first two episodes screened in Imax were stereotypical only because that's what the film was going to be designed as. Inhumans is, to me, the second show where l was comfortably able to watch almost the same as how l felt watching the first season Daredevil. It's a good move by Marvel Studios as they've left the storyline to break way towards unpredictability/good drama. The reason for these bad reviews by others is all due to not understanding these characters or at least identifying with them. Still grounded like the rest of the universe, their way of life operates on the Moon and not Earth. We struggle to understand what we don't truly know and this is what the show primarily focuses on. It's not deliberately bad acting, it's how the Inhumans have come to terms with reality seeing life in a different compared to us humans. Cannot wait for the next 5 episodes, will slowly become a slightly memorable television show. I was very pleased with how the first two episodes were directed, designed by computer graphics. Just because IMAX cameras are used doesn't mean the CGI has to be out of this world! Like l said above, the main focus is the storyline itself. Two episodes down, what could happen next in Maximus's plan during the rest of the season.Happily proud of what l saw earlier in IMAX and very desperate to finish the season with the other six episodes coming in several weeks.Good show with a lot of potential, 7.3/10
6 This is the quintessential Hitchcock flick, easy to understand, addictively interesting, featuring great stars (Grace Kelly and James Stewart), familiar bit players (Thelma Ritter in one of her best roles as Stewart's talkative nurse), and a kind of almost imperceptible satire on the human animal. In this case, Hitchcock has glorious fun displaying a whole range of human behaviors through the device of watching them through a Greenwich Village rear window before the age of air conditioners when everyone had to leave their windows open (and some even slept on the fire escape–I've done that) to cope with the appalling heat and humidity during an eastern seaboard heatwave.James Stewart stars as L.B. Jeffries, an adventurerous photographer who has a broken leg and is confined to his apartment in a cast while it heals. Bored beyond belief, he becomes a voyeur of his neighbors. Meanwhile there is his girlfriend, none other than Grace Kelly playing a "too perfect" socialite intent on winning his heart and soul. Trouble is Jeff worries that it won't work out, that they are essentially incompatible, she a socialite, who always goes first class, he a roughing it man of the world comfortable with second class accommodations. Naturally the audience (me!) finds it incredible that he isn't madly in love with her.Raymond Burr (long TV's Perry Mason) in gray hair and specks has an interesting role as Lars Thorwald, seen almost entirely from a distance across the courtyard doing very suspicious things with knives and suitcases and mysterious comings and goings in the middle of the night. Bored voyeurs wonder what is going on. There is some light romantic play between Stewart and Kelly, but it is decidedly secondary to the voyeuristic adventures seen through the rear window: the saga of Miss Lonelyhearts, the ardor of the newlyweds, the angst of the songwriter, the exhibitionism of the dancing beauty, the pampered dog in a basket, and Thorwald and his invalid and then missing wife. Hitchcock's America at midcentury. Each of the little stories within the story has a plot and a resolution: Miss Lonelyhearts finds her man. The songwriter finds somebody who appreciates his work. Dancing beauty's man (looking from a distance a little like Woody Allen in an army uniform) returns. The groom seeks a break from his exhaustive marital duties, etc. Hitchcock's sense of satire has the softest touch, which is why, I think, he is so beloved. In the final scene Grace Kelly, finding her man asleep, puts down the adventure book she is reading (for his benefit) and picks up Harper's Bazaar to check the fashions. One gets the sense of future marital bliss and especially, marital reality.There is some tension and some mystery, but nothing too strenuous for little old ladies from Pasadena, and nothing to offend anybody and nothing too graphic. You can see this with the kids and your maiden aunt and all will find it interesting. See it for Thelma Ritter, the sadonic character actress of many films, most notably this and All About Eve (1950).(Note: Over 500 of my movie reviews are now available in my book "Cut to the Chaise Lounge or I Can't Believe I Swallowed the Remote!" Get it at Amazon!)
6 Ridely Scott is such a minimalist in Alien that many sci-fi nuts find it slow and unexciting. So many people prefer Aliens, its sequel, to this one. I think Aliens, directed by James Cameron, is another sci-fi masterpiece (and maybe the best action film ever made), but I think Alien is much better. In fact, I would say that it is among the best films ever made, in sci-fi, only second to 2001. The plot absolutely lacks contrivance. All the plot points develop how they would naturally. And there are great surprises throughout the film. Even if you haven't seen the film, you know about the chest-bursting scene. You probably saw it parodied dozens of times. But watch the scene where Ian Holm reveals his secret! That is one amazing scene! I actually saw the sequel first, so I kind of knew that secret, too, but it still shocked me. It was so well directed.Notice how the dialogue works. It never particularly draws attention to itself. It actually reminds me of Robert Altman, how he directed such movies as Nashville, where many characters are speaking at the same time, and nothing seems more or less important than anything else. It is just like real life. Alien is one of the most realistic, documentary-like sci-fi films ever made. Also notice the setting. The Nostromo's design is so believable that I feel that I'm actually seeing a real space vehicle. The alien ship also beams with its spookiness.The characters are also extremely believable. They are so well written that even the first character who dies is completely developed. If you get the DVD, they actually created dossiers about each of the crew members. It also has extra scenes which round out the characters even more. I think Ripley is one of the most endearing characters in film history. Even in the last two sequels, which were visually interesting but not very well written or directed, Ripley held my interest. I teared up when she died at the end of 3. If they made a fifth one, I would go, no matter how terrible I knew it would be. The acting is also top-notch. Ian Holm, a great actor, gives one of his best performances here. I love the last scene that he is in. Truly a master. And of course Sigourney Weaver could have just as easily been nominated for an Oscar for her performance here as she was for Aliens. I wish she would make more movies. She's so talented.The most important part of a film, in my mind, is the mood. And boy, does Alien have one of the most genuinely spooky movies I've ever seen. Make sure you watch it after the sun has gone down. Also, watching it alone will help. The special effects are kind of cheap, but Scott knows this well enough. He only shows the alien for seconds at a time. Besides keeping us from seeing the shoddiness of those puppets, this technique makes the alien seem all the more creepy and mysterious. 10/10, no doubt at all (BTW, the symbols all over the Nostromo are the same insignias as those of the Purina Dog Chow company)
6 This movie tries to emulate a Greek tragedy, which is something expected from a movie based on an Arabic story (for example, Egyptian movies are almost all so dramatic and tragic), but it's a flop. Many will consider it as kind of 'artistic' but it's not really, it's just very poor material. First of all the story is very contrived and the events highly unlikely to happen (probability almost nil). Second, the setting is a deformed and inaccurate account of the Lebanese civil war (they changed names and historic events but the backbone is evidently based on that war and that country). As I've seen in some other reviews, with such a setting so removed from reality, the movie lost its impact, it became a farce. A tragedy or a drama is touching especially because it has elements of reality, and when that reality is removed, the movie resembles a ridiculous science-function-like flick that tries hard to be deep but fails. The acting was generally OK, Mélissa Désormeaux (Jeanne) did a good job, however the actress who played Nawal (the main character) was a disaster; they could have found a better actress, at least someone who could speak proper Arabic.
6 This is so good movie with good story, and great cast
6 Excellent movie. Recommended. Kept my attention throughout. Not a fast moving flick but made up for it with a little more character development. Almost didn't watch due to some negative reviews. I should have known better. Unfortunately there is a large portion of today's movie audience always expecting lots of CGI which for me are movies akin to soulless software programs. Nicholas Cage does an excellent job displaying his internal struggle to fight temptation vs. doing the right thing.
6 Good Will Hunting is a story about a 20 year old MIT janitor named Will Hunting (played by Matt Damon). The not-so-flashy hobbies of Mr. Hunting include hanging out with his friends, telling jokes, drinking beer and starting fist fights. But you know what? He's also stupefyingly gifted at mathematics. Will seems to know math better than anyone else in the world, including a Field-medal awarded professor with whom he talks in the movie, just because he has heard some MIT lectures and read a couple of books.Sounds realistic? No it doesn't. What the movie loses in it's realism, it aims to gain in it's emotional power. Matt Damon and Ben Affleck wrote this story of the hardships of a mathematical genius the way they did to make a typical moviegoer identify him/herself with the main character. At it's core, Good Will Hunting is a collection of very finely executed drama: romance, violence, fight against authorities. You name it, GWH has it. The level of acting offered by Damon, Affleck, Skarsgård and Driver is good. Robin Williams is excellent.The movie contains a reference to Srinivasa Ramanujan, a mathematical prodigy from a poor Indian background, who astonished the world with his unconventional theories in the early 20th century. This real life genius received a big book about advanced trigonometry from his teacher at age 10, came to understand it fully by the age of 13 and dedicated the rest of his life to mathematical research.If Hunting was portrayed as an eccentric like Ramanujan and if his mathematical abilities were an integral part of the character's way of seeing the world, this movie wouldn't probably have had as much viewers as it ended up having, but it could have had some depth and believability.Sadly Hunting's mathematical/logical abilities are only portrayed in scenes in which he draws some diagrams on paper or chalkboard. It's understandable that creating a superbly talented mind entirely from scratch is hard for writers who are not mathematical geniuses. You might ask then, why did Damon & Affleck choose to write a story about a mathematical genius in the first place? Had they chosen any other type of talent, they would very probably have been able to create a more convincing character. My guess is that they did that simply because mathematical abilities are often seen as something mystical and mystical abilities draw in crowd to theaters.I had high hopes for Good Will Hunting. Sadly this movie is embarrassingly childish and sentimental collection of audience luring issues with very little credibility.
6 Dirty Grandpa is a comedy film directed by Dan Mazer and written by John Philips. The film stars Robert De Niro, Zac Efron, Zoey Deutch and Aubrey Plaza. After Jason's grandmother dies and just before his marriage, his grandfather asks him to go on a road trip to Daytona Beach, Fla., and there's where Jason learns a couple of lessons from his "dirty grandpa". I found this movie really funny most of the time and I couldn't stop laughing at a lot of the jokes. I suppose that a lot of these negative reviews for this movie are from people who think that this movie is against their "morals". But it doesn't really matter, cause Dirty Grandpa has been a box office success and a lot of people liked it, including me. Zac Efron is really funny, he has shown that he's got comedic guts over and over again. I am becoming a fan of as I keep on seeing him in these kind of movies . Robert De Niro is also awesome on the role all throughout. I also really liked the supporting characters, especially Jason Mantzoukas as a drug dealer who had me laughing every time he was on screen. Sure this movie isn't nowhere near a comedic masterpiece and nor is it trying to be. It is a fun ride from beginning to end, and despite all the clichés, the jokes are what make this ride worth it.
6      Last year's 'The Maze Runner' was en route to a non-conformist course off the young adult/post-apocalyptic sub-genre, delivering less familiar but appealing deviations from the more recognizable standards of the category. This year, 'The Scorch Trials', its sequel, keeps some of the original beats of its predecessor, but it eventually falls into the scope of the overly familiar trope that the first film has defiantly avoided, which is a bit disappointing, considering the riveting buildup they've pulled off with the first film.      Much of this film is spent in running. That doesn't necessarily makes the film bereft of sense and extremely difficult to follow, but that fact itself, hinders the proceedings from delivering a comprehensible narrative. 'The Gladers', still led by Thomas (Dylan O'Brien), are now on the run from the forces of WCKD, the mysterious organization that placed them in the Glade. What even worse, are Cranks, James Dashner's version of zombies, joining the pursuit. After seemingly endless cat and mouse chases, you'd be thankful to see them stumble upon a resistance movement, giving them a few moments to rest (that gives you a moment to rest from following them). But that's just a bump, because as soon as alliances are formed and a hint of the government's agenda, is revealed, it's marathon-time again.     See, that's what sends this sequel spiraling down from the heights the first film has soared past in 2014. It lacks genuine emotions, and there are barely plot developments well- knitted enough to spark interest. The marathon extravaganza hampers the characters to fully connect with each other, and engage in a conversation, lengthy enough to help us understand. That's maybe the problem for someone who hasn't read the book like me, ever loaded with 'how's and 'why's, which this sequel seems uninterested in answering, until the final chapter.That being said, there are still some few things to commend, like the fact it has retained, if not improved, its scares and thrills. The Grievers are now replaced by hungrier and grotesquely more vicious Cranks, and the obstacles are updated, to provide more hair raising creeps. The first movie's $340million worldwide cume against its $34million budget has given this sequel a bigger financial resource for production, and you would thank that for 'The Scorch Trials' stunningly choreographed setpieces, looming up in and between adrenaline- propelled pursuits. Some new characters, like Aiden Gillen's Rat-Man, are introduced, but the rest or more than half of movie's payroll's new names, are barely, if not efficiently, utilized. That's an inevitable additional layer to the heap of flaws that piled up for this outing, but it's extremely hard to completely shrug off the film, especially with an interesting, and riproaring climax, that pretty sets the stage for the trilogy's final phase. While that last chapter is yet to happen, let's pray for the last film to never get split into two. 6/10
6 Here we goSo Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is the reboot to the ever so popular Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles franchise. Directed by Jonathan Liebesman for some reason and produced by Michael Bay, also for some reason.. You all know the story by now. 4 mutated turtles grow up in the sewer raised by a giant rat who knows martial arts and trains them so they can protect the city from Shredder. No difference in this movie.So the movie opens up in sort of a graphic novel type animation telling the story of the turtles which I'll admit was a nice nod to the original source material from which Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles came from. From there we meet April (Megan Fox) who's trying to get a story about the evil foot clan that have been terrorizing the city. She then witnesses the turtles stop them and follows them to get evidence of their existence. The turtles stop her and return to their master who says they need April's help. I won't spoil why. From there they must work together and stop Shredder from releasing a toxin on the city.I wanted simply one thing from this movie after all the crap I've seen from it over the last few years. I want the turtles to be the turtles. I want them to reflect how they were in the 2003 cartoon preferably. A darker take but still humorous and likable. I grew up on that and the 80's cartoon and 1990's movies. Thank the lord I got that. The turtles are the best part of this movie. They deliver some funny lines although not everyone of them hit. Like you can feel that the jokes were modeled for kids which the whole movie is basically. It's like a big toy commercial. Or a Crush soda commercial. Or a Samsung phone and tablet commercial. Yeeeeah lot of product placement in this movie. Very obvious at that. Anyways as for the other characters we have April O'Neil played by Megan Fox who was alright. I really wish they worked on her dramatic screams though because those were just awful. We also have Will Arnett as her camera man who I guess is supposed to be the comic relief in this movie but literally does not have one funny joke in the whole thing even though you can feel you're supposed to be laughing but I didn't even smirk. It was like watching a stand up comic bomb his performance. Splinter was an enjoyable character. You could really see how he tied this family together.Now if there's one thing I like in a movie it's a good villain. Did I get this? No. No I did not. Shredder has no character to him at all. In the 2003 version of him he got all this character development and I learned the motivation behind why he did what he did. In this he's literally just a guy who wants to make money. Or at least help Eric Sacks (William Fichtner) make money which is a very stupid motivation in my book. Usually villains steal money for the purpose of something bigger but in this.. they just want money. Which Eric already has because he lives in a freakin castle on top of a mountain! How much more money does he need?! Sigh.. Shredder was just so one dimensional and uninteresting. I was so let down by this.Well what about the effects? They're actually pretty good. They did make the turtles sweat a lot though. Like A LOT. But it looked nice so I was happy about that. One downside is the CGI went down a little when interacting with humans. Like in Transformers 4. Not much to say other than those two things because I didn't focus on it much.One last thing and I know every reviewer is saying this but it can't be said enough. The climax of this movie literally is the end of The Amazing Spider-Man only in the day time. Seriously watch The Amazing Spider-Man before you see this and see how similar it is. It's crazy.Going in if you know this director and producer you're not expecting anything amazing. I went in with extremely low expectations and they surpassed them but only very very slightly. I give it a 5.5/10. The theater had a bunch of 10 year olds who thought the movie was amazing so at least they hit their target audience. But as a long time Ninja Turtles fan I left disappointed and wanting a little more. If it earns back the money maybe a sequel will be better. It won't but a guy can dream.
6 An English-language remake of Juan José Campanella's, I think superior Argentinian thriller. The film is intense in its attempts to marry the personal and the political, and not only does it have an amazing cast, but the director knows how to use them effectively. Each one of them brings credibility to their characters. But it's Julia Roberts who owns the movie, as the grieving Jess. Overall, this remake fails to add something new to a film that did't even need a remake to begin with. It never quite captures the intensity of the film it is based upon, making it a common thriller. Sometimes you even think that you are watching an episode of "Law & Order.
6 This movie was really a surprise especially when you have other King adaptations in mind. That notion is also probably explaining why 1922 is so underrated. Now, not only shows the movie very well acting, its also painting in more or less subtle ways a picture of the mayor problems our societies face right now. 1922 is an allegory for 2017. The character of the farmer embodies very touching the alienation, colonialization, and lack of prospects huge parts of the society experiences with all its devastating consequences (broken solidarities and dreams). That means not only the from the urban culture disconnected rural areas, where making a living is quite hard and the young ones leaving for the city to find there luck there. But also the urban space is not a save place where you can make the American dream reality, rats are eventually everywhere. The bank has always the last word and wins by the misery... "in the end they catch us all." The makers of 1922 succeeded to create both a great sociological essay and a political statement at the same time. That alone makes the movie worth watching.
6 (58%) A movie that could have quite easily dipped into crap territory is saved by well directed and plentiful action, good production values, Mr Johnson being a perfect leading man, John hurt calling Hercules a "filthy bastard" and "Atalanta" (bow-girl) looking uncannily like Nicole Kidman from the early 90's. The fact that it doesn't take itself too seriously is a benefit, but I'd have liked the script to be a little stronger and the humour to be sharper, as it does stop this from being a full recommendation from me. That said it's still a decent little watch that gets better as the plot thickens in it's second half, but before that arrives it's just a little too dumb to grab my full attention.
6 Officer Lin (Jackie Chan) must combat evil bioroids, a "perfect synergy of body and machine." The film is in both Chinese and English with double running subtitles in case you are learning a language. The bad guy is named "Leeson" which appears to be a combination of Liam Neeson. The film utilizes a lot of flash backs to back fill the plot which was not very confusing in spite of attempts to make it awkward. The sets looked sleek and futuristic as did the bad guys, who appear they can easily kill any man except Jackie Chan, whose name was used once in the film. The production includes tons of fight scenes to go along with a plot and dialogue that reflects bad Chinese "juvenile" film writing. There were 2 F-words in the film that were not well delivered, and one near one, making the target audience young teens. The film was more enjoyable in the beginning with a lot of promise, even after they killed everyone in the first scene. It then slowly made its way into a too predictable Chinese script that love Disney endings more than Disney.
6 It seems we have been getting our share of Beauty Pageant comedies lately (`Beautiful', `Drop Dead Gorgeous').  `Miss Congeniality' is by far the biggest production and the best of the lot.  Sandra Bullock (who also co-produced) plays Gracie Hart, a homely FBI agent who goes undercover at the Miss United States beauty pageant to catch a terrorist who has threatened to blow up the pageant.  The story is funny and Bullock shows her range, proving to be an excellent comedian in addition to her proven talents as a dramatic actor.  The writers poke the typical fun at pageants and contestants throughout the film, but they develop a conscience at the end when Gracie gets teary-eyed admitting what a great experience it was.  There is plenty of silly slapstick humor. Bullock does her runway thing with aplomb, and her tongue firmly in cheek. Michael Caine is wonderfully droll as the beauty consultant who is given the impossible task of turning the ugly duckling into a swan.Interestingly, this is not the first film where Sandra Bullock makes the beast to beauty transition.  In one of her early films in 1991 (`Love Potion Number 9'), she plays a geek who discovers a love potion and turns into a knockout.  That film was an early indication of her comedic talents, but she eschewed zany comedy for dramatic and romantic roles for many years after that.  It is good to see her return to it.This is a very light and entertaining film that is easy to watch and easy to forget.  At over $100 million gross it had plenty of mass appeal.  The comedy is silly but fun, and Candice Bergen, Michael Caine and William Shatner provide some terrific moments in supporting roles.  I rated it a 7/10.  It is a good, solid comedy.
6 This film had extreme potential after watching the trailer, but failed due to unrealistic (very unrealistic) aspects of the film. This is a film that keeps you questioning the characters behaviors, but that's all it does. There is no deep connection with any of the characters simply because the lack of backstory. Also, 80% of the movie is filmed in a house, which makes it extremely frustrating to watch. SPOILERS: First, the good. The characters were played well, the filming and lighting was strong, and there was a good (poorly developed) story. Really? In broad daylight at an LA Fitness? Next to a guy who is backing out? No.Really? The guy is terrible at his job, allowing the girl to escape multiple times. Also, the girl gets good hits but never finishes him. These type of kidnapping films make me cringe. The ones where they attack their kidnapper but never knock him down hard enough. There is hardly any character development and no depth behind the characters lives. The film seems to drag on and on, but finally comes to an end after multiple escape attempts.
6 The Shadowhunters premiered on yesterday with huge expectation but it failed to fulfill the expectation. the source material for the series is very loyal to the books..we have to give credit for that... everything else is worthless... PLUS: Very strong story line.. and nothing else... MINUS: flat performances by lead actors, cheap visuals and effects, crap writing, worst casting other than leads... VERDICT:first of all i was very excited about the series... but after watched the premier i m very very disappointed.. simply,The Shadowhunters is a ambitious effort to hook teenage viewers, but without proper writing...that's gonna have to wait...
6 The teenager David Raskin (Jonny Weston) is a genius that dreams on joining the MIT. He has a crush on Jessie Pierce (Sofia Black-D'Elia) but he is too shy to date her. When David finds the design of a time machine that belonged to his father, he decides to build the device together with his friends Quinn Goldberg (Sam Lerner) and Adam Le (Allen Evangelista) and his sister Christina Raskin (Virginia Gardner). Soon Jessie joins the group and becomes David's girlfriend. When their experiment gets out of control and changing the future, David decides to fix the problems making them worse."Project Almanac" is a sort of "The Butterfly Effect 4", with a similar storyline with many paradoxes. Each time that the teenagers interfere with the past for personal profit, the future changes and the responsible David tries to fix it. Unfortunately the funny adventure is ruined by the awful camera work. My vote is six.Title (Brazil): "Projeto Almanaque" ("Project Almanac")
6 I'm going to keep this short. If you want to see Salo simply to see what all the hype is about, keep your $600. Or rent it. If you can find it. I happen to own the Criterion release that is now being ripped and sold on Ebay for $400-600 bucks. Is it worth it? No. Is any film? No. Is it an excellent film? Absolutely.Try not to think of Pasolini's masterpiece as a shock-for-shock's sake project and you'll truly understand the horror that is Salo. While the depiction of violence, sodomy, corpophagia, eye-gouging, scalping, nipple burning with candles, etc. etc. is horrific it is Pasolini's treatment of the boys and girls that is much more horrifying.The monsters that occupy this small space of two hours, the fascists, are more human that their victims. We are given no insight into the lives of these children, while we are shown at great length the heads of state personal histories and sadistic proclivities.Salo has stood the test of time because of it's unflinching portrayal of human violence and idealism, and the fact that, as the Criterion collection states: "Moral redemption may be nothing but a myth." Be warned: for many, Salo is a film not easily shaken off after a single viewing.
6 If you want to see a cute, feel-good movie that doesn't require a lot of thought and will leave you with a smile on your face, this is the movie to see. You'll laugh out loud at much of the humor, and you'll fall in love with Anna Faris. It's just silly fun. Anna Farris plays a ditsy blond who gets kicked out of the Playboy Mansion (Hugh Hefner is a good sport in this movie!), ends up homeless, and ends up as a house mother for a sorority of "loser" girls (smart girls who don't know how to attract boys). The sorority is about to lose its charter because they can't get enough pledges, and of course Faris saves the day for the sorority by teaching the girls how to be popular, and, along the way, she learns a few lessons herself. You'll enjoy knowing that her love interest is played by Colin Hanks, son of Tom Hanks, and that some of the people in the Playboy mansion and at the party at the mansion are played by themselves. Also, Rumer Willis, daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore and Katherine McPhee from American Idol are girls in the sorority. I thoroughly enjoyed this light movie.
6 Some studio executive needs to reign in Mr. Verbinski's ego and rationally explain that a movie and still be well-paced, coherent, and artistic when edited to UNDER two hours long. This isn't The English Patient or Schindler's List, no reason at all for it to drag on for 2.5 hrs.
6 I'm not one for long reviews so here goes.It wasn't nearly as bad as other reviews make it out to be. Sure not the best movie bud I'd say deserves atleast a 5/10.
6 When political turmoil forces a British-Caribbean dictator to flee his island nation, he seeks refuge and hides with a rebellious teenage girl in suburban America, and ends up teaching the young teen how to start a revolution and overthrow the "mean girls" in her high school. Dear Dictator is a comedy that missed the mark completely since it's not funny, the characters are boring and some of the perfomances aren't that good especially Katie Holmes who acts like a 2-year old and can't be taken serious. Overall this film was quite low for Caine's amazing movie career. (0/10)
6 American Assassin is the first R-rated movie starring Dylan O'Brien and as much as i love Dylan when he try to pull out a very different role than the usual shy dorky guy American Assassin still a very genetic action thriller.There some bloody action and Michael Keaton acting crazy like he just fresh out of The Vulture from Spiderman Homecoming but other than that i'm sure disappointed with it
6 I went see this today as I'd read the book (even though I was already spectacle from seeing the trailer...) I don't really know what to say about this movie to be honest... It was just so wrong. The character's didn't fit and it was super tacky but it's watchable.Maybe my review isn't the most accurate though as I was sat in the cinema with a bunch of loud teenagers who kept shrieking and running around D:
6 If there's such a thing as a perfect movie, The Flintstones is it. It's absolutely hilarious, with no downtime and no dated jokes. If you've seen the original Hanna Barbara cartoon, you'll probably pee from laughing so hard, and if you haven't, well, you'll still probably pee from laughing so hard. I saw this movie in the theaters when I was a little girl and laughed my head off, thinking it was the first movie to ever make caveman jokes. Just last week, I watched my DVD for the hundredth time and laughed just as hard.John Goodman as Fred Flintstone, Rick Moranis as Barney Rubble, Elizabeth Perkins as Wilma, and Rosie O'Donnell as Betty are all totally perfect. The original song is included at the start and end of the film, and all the throwbacks to the cartoon are side-splittingly funny. Modern touches are incredibly clever and tie in seamlessly to the setting. For example, the Flintstones go to the drive-in movies to watch "Gorge Lucas's Tar Wars", and the band The B-52s guest star in a swanky nightclub as "The BC-52s".In the film, Fred and Wilma help their best friends adopt a child, and in return, Barney helps Fred get a promotion at work. But, as the incredibly dumb Fred moves up the corporate ladder, he just might get duped by the slippery smooth Cliff, played by Kyle MacLachlin, and his secretary, a young Halle Berry who gets her own theme music whenever she walks in the room.It's silly and lovely, and best of all, Elizabeth Taylor puts the finishing touch on the film in her role as Wilma's mom. It's my favorite of her performances; pretty much every one of her lines has become a permanent phrase in my household. If only she'd been given more screen time! But, as she says in the movie, "Let's not let a little thing like that spoil the party—Conga line!"
6 Let me just say that I'm 19, a guy, and straight, and DAMN was I having a great time watching The House Bunny. To sum it up, THB is basically an Adam Sandler movie for girls, with Anna Faris breathing life into an otherwise flat movie with her uncanny comic ability and unbeatable charm. In short, she makes the movie watchable, and in some moments, likable and entertaining.I see this film as one that most will easily dismiss without a second look, and I really discourage you from doing that. Anna Faris alone deserves your attention in this movie, as she is brilliant. I even heard a few people in my theater say that she could get a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress in a Comedy. I honestly wouldn't be surprised. She's lovable, adorable, intelligently stupid, and of course, roll on the floor hilarious. She's the reason the Scary Movie series is so much 'better' than the other movies in that series (Date, Superhero, Epic Movies), and her charm and charisma carries over here.In addition to Faris, the strength of the film is the supporting cast (except Hugh Hefner, who gets a pass for simply being Hugh Hefner). The funny thing is, most of the performers aren't even actors. I'm not going to lie and say Rumer Willis is brilliant, because she's not, but she's funny and is good looking enough to surprise us. Katharine McPhee doesn't get enough screen time, but she does do a great job with what she's given. The last of the 'non-actors' is the frontman for The All American Rejects, Tyson Ritter, who is tolerable in a bit part.Now, unsurprisingly, the best supporters are Kat Dennings and the WONDERFUL Emma Stone (Jules from Superbad). Stone is so likable and adorable that she's the best character in the movie after Faris. Colin Hanks is...well, I for one was surprised that he did this movie, but he was an asset nonetheless.I'll go ahead and get my complaints out now. First and foremost, whoever edited this movie is absolutely terrible. Whether it be changing hairstyles, continuity errors, or bad cuts, the editing is noticeably bad, especially towards the end. I also didn't like the direction the script took in the end, as it turned the film into a parody of itself (which was weird considering the entire film was a parody of stupid girls and stupid men), and displayed several out of character moments. The jokes were a tad lame and predictable outside of Faris's character (there was NOTHING bad about her), but it was okay. There were some smart jokes that actually took some time to get.The final plus for this movie is that it is LOADED with cameos. Since you know who the production company is, you already know the group that will be appearing, plus a surprise appearance from 2 NFL quarterbacks (one retired QB, and one current) in the beginning. All in all, The House Bunny is surprisingly funny, all because of Anna Faris and Emma Stone, both of whom have very bright futures ahead of them. Faris is definitely one of the funniest ladies alive.
6 Guillermo del Toro is that kind of superstar director that brings audiences to the seats no matter the genre of film. Much like Nolan, Spielberg, and Tarantino, Del Toro draws fans to see the next visual spectacle he brings to the screen. Make no mistake about it, Crimson Peak is an awe to see on the big screen, especially in IMAX. Unfortunately I think the marketing team hurt Del Toro's film this time around. The trailers were centered around this house and the ghosts that supposedly haunted it. While I loved the trailers for what they were, they didn't properly represent the movie as it actually is, which is most definitely a Gothic romance.The film stars Mia Wasikowska, Jessica Chastain, Tom Hiddleston, and Charlie Hunnam. We focus on Edith, played by Wasikowska as she deals with a recent family tragedy without anywhere to go and no one to stay with. Enter Hiddleston and Chastain, playing Thomas and Lucille respectively, who seem to target Edith specifically. As Thomas and Edith grow closer to each other, he brings her to his childhood house, which is conveniently miles away from the next home or any part of civilization. It also happens to have an issue with the red clay that stains the snow around the house and floods underneath during the winter. This gives the whole feel of the movie a bloody undertone. While the film isn't really a horror film, it certainly has frightening elements. Edith is constantly haunted by not only the ghosts of Crimson Peak but her mother's for whom she basing a book around. The strongest aspect of Crimson Peak is the visual spectacle you're given. Whether it's the costume design, special effects, or the sets themselves, this film is gorgeous. So there's no denying that seeing it in theaters is the way to go. The problem is that the film itself isn't all that original, and the characters aren't all that interesting. The first act is rather slow but the climax most definitely makes the film worth seeing. The performances are all great, in particular Wasikowska and Chastain, which in some way make up for the lack of character development. Go see the movie if you want to see a visual spectacle, but not if you want a horror-ghost centered film.+Visually stunning+Performances all around+Climax-Not all that scary-Starts slow6.8/10
6 I think I saw the trailer for this once in recent months so it definitely wasn't on my radar at all. Had some time to kill today, so guess what? Was hoping for a solid thriller based on a real life event. Sadly, the film fails to tell a rather interesting story with the spark it probably deserves. I can see why this film sort of just snuck into theaters without a lot of promotion. Its just not very good, and is a forgettable film about an event that could have been adapted better.The film follows the real life events of two German terrorists (Wilfried Böse and Brigitte Kuhlmann) who along with a group of Palestinian terrorists, hijack an airplane in 1976 in Entebbe, Uganda. Their hopes are to receive a ransom of 5 million for the passengers on board and the freedom of Palestinian soldiers captured in Israel. The film follows negotiation efforts and the ultimate retrieval of the hostages by the Israeli operative forces.I'm not very familiar with a lot of Jose Padilha's work but his Robocop remake was a definite misfire. Even here we have an interesting event and two very talented co-leads but a story that is just so dull and boring. While the film is shot well, the merits of the writing fall very short. Its hard to care for what goes on when the film doesn't really attempt to entice you with any thrill, action, or moments to make it memorable.The relevance of the film and incident is that it mirrors the hostility between Israel and Palestine today, a conflict that has stretched for decades. Other than that, Entebbe has good intentions but fails. It doesn't exactly have a voice or make a statement but just recreates the event in a half hearted way. The best part was that weird dance sequence performance that kept going on during the film.5.5/10
6 The book presents an honest view of life today in USA. Recommended book to a number of acquaintances and looked forward to movie, particularly with casting of two leads. Then discovered complete change of characters, lifestyle, and trip. Cannot recommend movie as it has nothing to do with book and message.
6 I own every Pixar film on DVD but I have to say that UP may be the first one I pass on. I was very excited about seeing the film today after reading several good reviews. I think now that perhaps some reviewers out there are letting the Pixar reputation get to them. I can't believe ANYONE would say this is one of the best films of the year. Films like MONSTERS, INC, FINDING NEMO, WALL-E and TOY STORY deserved accolades like that but UP doesn't have the heart those classics did. The film is at its best early on when the characters aren't talking much. We see a montage of the lead character's life as a young Carl meets an exuberant girl named Ellie. We see them marry, live a life together, experience the highs and lows of life and finally, we see Carl loose his beloved Ellie and become a widower living alone in the house that always was their home. This sequence is moving and made me think that Pixar was about to strike another home run. However, at this point the characters start talking more and the story starts to get a bit...much. Carl decides to tie a bunch of helium balloons to his house in order to fly the house off to South America on the adventure he and Ellie were never able to complete together. He unwillingly takes along a young boy scout stand-in (Russell) who ends up on Carl's porch when the house takes off. Russell is determined to earn the patch for helping the elderly required by his troop in order to graduate to senior status. The balloon premise is a bit far-fetched but since it's an animated film, you go with it. However, once in South America, things get progressively weirder. Carl and Russell end up walking through the jungle and mountains with the house strapped to them, floating above. I think I knew the film was NOT going to be the usual classic I was used to from Pixar when they come across a bunch of talking dogs. It seems Pixar, whose done films about animals who can talk and done films just about humans, wanted to mix the two so they write into the story these dogs with collars that allow us to hear their thoughts. The dogs belong to an old adventurer living in the area who is determined to capture a big, ostrich-like bird to prove he's not the fake the world judge him to be decades ago when he claimed the bird existed. The adventurer has hundreds of dogs and not only do they search the jungles for the elusive bird, they also cook for their master, serve meals AND fly planes. Very weird. I think if you're going to make a film about smart, talking animals - make a film about smart talking animals (FINDING NEMO) and if you're going to do a film about humans, do one like THE INCREDIBLES about humans. In UP Pixar tries to mix the two and it just doesn't work. The ONE character who I thought had the most heart and was most interesting, was Kevin, the big bird who doesn't talk, seems devoted to her young and takes an instant liking to the human boy who probably reminds her of her babies. I heard kids in the audience more than once asking what was going on because they couldn't quite understand the story. I suspect UP will not be one of those films kids will watch over and over again like they do with the other Pixar classics. Pixar has some incredibly talented people but in UP I think they spent too much time on "cool" ideas and not as much time on developing the story and characters into something we could care about and believe in.
6 I just knew it was going to end badly. After such a build-up how could there be a resolution that would be totally satisfying.I enjoyed the first 80 per cent of this movie. Although I didn't know much about it, the trailer hooked me. It looked like a dark twist on Alan Parker's "The Road to Wellville".Lockhart (Dane DeHaan), a young executive from a New York financial firm is sent to retrieve a senior executive from a seemingly idyllic wellness centre in Switzerland run by Dr. Heinreich Volmer (Jason Isaacs). When Lockhart is involved in a car accident, he ends up as a patient at the centre. Then things get weird.He meets a mysterious girl, Hannah von Reichmerl (Mia Goth), and there are events that make him wonder if he's losing his mind. You know a horror movie is on track when a live, healthy tooth is drilled without anaesthetic. So far, so good.Now being a devotee of this kind of movie, I thought the story could have gone in a number of directions. There was the possibility Lockhart was killed in the car accident and just didn't know it: "Carnival of Souls", "The Sixth Sense, and "November". He could have been having a schizophrenic episode à la "A Beautiful Mind", "Mulholland Dr.", "Woman in the Fifth" etc. Or it could have been an elaborate sci-fi set up as in "Vanilla Sky". Mind you, I would have been disappointed if it had been any of those; I was hoping for something original.There was some business about the suicide of Lockhart's father, which could have provided an avenue for the filmmakers, but nothing came of it. That's where I think the opportunity was missed to bring this baby home.Writer/director Gore Verbinski gave us an ending straight out of the Roger Corman horror movie manual 1964. Except for the sex, Dr. Volmer could have been played by Vincent Price.I also think Mia Goth could have been treated better. Nudity is still a little iffy in mainstream movies and it's not handled well here. It comes in late and is a bit shocking, but not in a good way.I don't consider this to be a total turkey, visually and stylistically it is stunning; I like movies that have intriguing build-ups and play with your head. "A Cure for Wellness" falters before the fade-out, however there are still things to appreciate before it topples over the edge.
6 One of the worst movies i have ever seen. One hour later after the movie started, my wife smiled at me and said she was sorry for dragging me to that movie. I like watching these kind of movies with the company of my wife, but not this time. A few minutes before the end, i had the feeling that the film turned to thriller, but the end was so.... I mean, come on guys!!! Sofia (Coppola), what the hell!
6 Father Figures brings nothing new or innovative to the table, but it follows the formula well and delivers a perfectly fine movie. Ed Helms and Owen Wilson star as twin brothers who discover that their father, whom they were told died before they could know him, isn't actually their father. Their mother, played by Glenn Close, isn't sure who their father is, but is pretty sure it's Terry Bradshaw. They then embark on a traditional road comedy as they go to meet him and continually get clues as to who their father is moving them along. The meet an interesting cast of characters and learn about themselves along the way before realizing that the most important thing is that they have each other.There is no stand out performer who consistently elicits laughs, but it keeps chugging along with decent jokes enough to prevent it from dragging. They avoid overusing any of the jokes and there weren't any points where I was just waiting for the scene to end. This isn't going to be a classic or something that you want to watch over and over, but there are a lot worse ways to kill 2 hours.
6 My quick rating 5,7/10. Ever wonder who that Facebook friend is that you just accepted since you play the same game? Here is your darker look into who that person may be. These days we accept these requests all the time and most likely don't think much of it. For Laura (Alycia Debnam-Carey) it turns out to be a mistake befriending a social outcast at her university. Fans of these types of movies will be pleasantly surprised at what transpires. The obsession factor is acted out very well and does use the supernatural aspect to give it a little more "umph" then just some crazy chick stalking the popular girl. The pacing of the movie takes you along without overdoing it nor leaving you bored. Aside from some pretty dumb decisions by the lead, this flick does well in captivating the audience and most assuredly making you wonder about the "what would you do" factor. Some nice visuals to add to the creepy atmosphere also assist. Going in I expected a cheesy movie but came out quite satisfied with what I saw.
6 The hit Broadway play by Frederick Knott "Dial M for Murder" has been adapted to the screen several times, including the films made in West Germany and Sweden, as well as a TV movie in 1981 (TV) by Boris Seagal and the film "A Perfect Murder" (1998) directed by Andrew Davis with Michael Douglas, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Viggo Mortensen. Alfred Hitchcock's 1954 adaptation was the first and certainly the best one even if the master himself considered it one of his lesser efforts. "Dial M for Murder" will be remembered as Hitchcock's first color film and the first of three thrillers he had made with Grace Kelly, the future Princess of Monaco, in the prime of her beauty and her talent. Using color proved to be very effective in the film. The first two scenes featuring Kelly wearing a white morning dress in the idyllic scene with her husband Tony and right after that kissing passionately her American lover, writer (Robert Cummings) in the red dress, immediately, without many words tell the viewer that the story of passion, deception, betrayal, and ultimately, murder will follow. Ray Milland (Tony Wendice) is a surprisingly sympathetic villain (which is perhaps not surprising from the actor with talent, charm, and charisma that equal and remind a lot of both Cary Grant and Jimmy Stewart) who knows about his wife cheating and decides to teach her a lesson by plotting a very clever murder which will make him a sole heir to her money (she is a wealthy one in the family). His plan is perfect and almost works but Margot managed to not only escape the murderer but to turn the table on him while stunned Wendice is on the phone and listens how his well thought of plan collapses. Wendice is very resourceful and he proved to be a master of improvisation because it took him a few minutes in a cab to switch to a plan B that turned a terrified victim Margot into a cold-blooded murderess. Now it is up to seasoned and shrewd inspector Hubbard (John Williams) to find the crucial piece of evidence and to solve the case.As always with Hitchcock, his directing is impeccable, the camera rarely leaves Wendice's apartment but the film is never claustrophobic which is the case for many plays' adaptation. It breathes and moves freely and we almost forget that we are in the same room for close to two hours. I would not call "Dial M for Murder" my favorite Hitchcock's film but it is enjoyable, clever, and witty thriller with the interesting twists, outstanding performances, and more than one truly memorable scenes.
6 Steven Spielberg has what you might call D.W. Griffith disease. If he can't make a monumental film, he makes an insignificant one. I thought that, anyway, until a second viewing of "Catch Me If You Can" convinced me I was wrong. Like many great artists, Spielberg doesn't have to swing for the fences to make an indelible impression every time out.Indelible impressions are the sort of thing Frank Abagnale Jr. is good at, especially on the kind of phony checks that fool bank security. After his parents' divorce, Frank (Leonardo DiCaprio) sets off in the Big Apple, making his way as an airline pilot, a doctor, and an assistant district attorney, all by means of fraudulent credentials and irresistible charm, not to mention the ability to stay one step ahead of the law, as represented by FBI Special Agent Carl Hanratty (Tom Hanks).A film that owes a debt to Alfred Hitchcock by way of Henry Mancini, "Catch Me If You Can" zips along on its own kind of sneaky charm, making us root for a character who would probably steal our life savings if given half a chance. At the same time, Spielberg avoids the pitfall of relativism by making sure Hanks as Hanratty keeps some amount of our rooting interest, however much we feel for this crazy kid with his naive belief that, like the mouse stuck in a bucket of cream, he can churn his bucket into butter and crawl out. It's a trick every bit worthy of the subject of this engaging tale.From the opening moments of this film, featuring the best-ever Spielberg titles sequence (courtesy of Kuntzel-Deggas) and a very unusual but entrancing John Williams score that uses shushing sounds and finger snaps in place of his normal bombast, we realize we are in unusual territory for a Spielberg film. Right away, the theme of mistaken identity is introduced courtesy of a "To Tell The Truth" clip with host Joe Garagiola giving us three Frank Abagnales to choose from. We think we know which one he is, but we don't know as much as we think."You know why the Yankees always win?" asks Frank's father, Frank Sr. (Christopher Walken). "It's because the other team can't stop staring at those damn pinstripes." Walken, like Spielberg, works against audience expectations. Sure, he's a criminal, much what we expect from Walken, but he's got a good heart and a beguiling innocence. He believes in the American dream, even if he cons innocent ladies with phony jewelry to get what he wants. Ultimately he's a victim, and a lesson to his son about why the straight and narrow isn't the way to go.DeCaprio gives a solid, impressive performance, the best I've seen from him, playing a consummate conman who succeeds because he believes his cons as much as his victims. He finds the drama in his character, but also the comedy, in a film that shows Spielberg can be funny even when he involves us in a dramatic story. As we watch him fake his way aboard a cockpit, in an operating room, and even in a bedroom with an expensive callgirl played by Jennifer Garner, we shake our heads at what he gets away with but smile because he's succeeding.The film also benefits from an immersive sense of the period in which it is set. Williams' score, along with the costumes and set design, present us with a view of the 1960s in its more sophisticated adult form, with Dusty Springfield and Frank Sinatra providing the music rather than the pop and rock acts we think of when we think of the time.Does "Catch Me If You Can" go on longer than it should? Yes, I think tougher editing would have made it better. But I don't miss the mawkish attempts at uplift that pock Spielberg's lesser work, and the few poignant moments Spielberg throws in amid Abagnale's ruses ring true, especially a moment involving Frank and a little girl at a window near the end of the film that only Spielberg would try to get away with, because he can and does.No, this is not a great film, just a very good one that might have slipped past a few people on its first release, as it did me. But give "Catch Me If You Can" a chance, and you may find this as a con you not only enjoy being taken by, but wish to experience again just to see how the masters, Abagnale and Spielberg, make their plays.
6 Jason Momoa fits the bill as a beefed up Jason Statham in a cold environment. Here, he appears as a solid dependable guy whose job is logging in what appears to be Alaska. He has a wife and child and a father who is in the early stages of dementia....Into this mix is added a worker who has a sideline in transporting drugs for the bad guys...in hollowed out logs.Anyhoo, bad weather conditions create an accident to said worker's rig on a drugs run which forces bad guys to cross the path of dependable Mr Momoa.That's it...Good guy gets his hands on the drugs and then it becomes a game of cat and mouse to see who gets on top and who ends up with the merchandise. Lots of snow, running in snow, climbing and clambering through snow, fights in snow and plenty of blood spilled....in the snow.As long as you switch your brain off and go with the flow, it's all pretty standard fare....you won't have to be a brave 'un to sit through this as you'll be smiling at all the "as if" moments...Enjoy.
6 "Donnie Darko" is the end result of 47 Weekly World News headlines strewn together in random order.  Over one hour and 45 minutes, it rams together time travel, a 6-foot imaginary rabbit, a Tony Robbins-esque motivational speaker with a secret (Patrick Swayze?!?), hypnotism, an elementary school dance troupe and a stray jet engine.What does it all mean?  Not much.  Ham-fisted, nail-on-the-head symbolism practically smashes you in the face.  A creepy fat girl dressed as an angel. A statue with a dog's head and a human body.  An old woman nicknamed "Grandma Death" who keeps checking her mailbox.  An eye wound.  The creepy fat girl's earmuffs.  Heck, one of the ending shots is an M.C. Escher drawing.  The filmmakers would also like you to marvel at their camera techniques. Look, it's tilted!  Now it's going fast.  Now, slow.  Wait, now it's turning upside down!  Aren't we creative?And be sure to spot the zillion story lines, characters and scenes ripped from other (read: better) films.  The courageous English teacher ("Dead Poets Society").  The watery tentacles ("The Abyss").  An imaginary rabbit ("Harvey").  The lead character, wearing a gray, hooded sweatshirt, and his Halloween-costumed friends riding bikes ("E.T.").  Meditation on the sex lives of cartoon characters ("Mallrats").So basically, you're left with a sullen Jake Gyllenhaal moping his way through someone's bad LSD-trip.  By the end, you're supposed to have some great understanding of your place in the universe.  But you're more likely to have a great understanding of why overwrought student films are a dime a dozen.
6 To start off, I would like to point out that I am not a hater of foreign or B&W films, and I also have respect for different artistic styles in cinema. But this film was simply terrible.The protagonist fails to develop or evolve in any way. So many people have described the boy as being "misunderstood", and authority is considered the villain...but this is NOT a film about a misunderstood child being victimised for no reason. He is given plenty of fair opportunities to improve and redeem himself from his selfish, reckless actions, but he shoots them all down and continues to do wrong until his parents are forced to go to extreme measures to control him...and even then, he does not change. There is absolutely no character journey.We are also shown a great amount of long, pointless shots that do nothing to advance the plot, nor carry any discernible symbolism.The whole experience is a slow, dull observation of a dislikable boy reaping what he has sewn time and time again, without learning from his mistakes. Painfully pointless, and unrecommended if you value good characters and plot.
6 Beatrice "Tris" Prior (Shailene Woodley), Four (Theo James), Caleb (Ansel Elgort) and Peter (Miles Teller) are hidden at the Amity facility but out of the blue, Eric (Jai Courtney) and his men arrive to hunt them down. Tris, Four and Caleb are betrayed by Peter but they succeed to flee by train to the Faceless area. However they have to fight against them but when they find that Four is Tobias Eaton, they bring them to their compound. Soon they discover that Four's mother Evelyn (Naomi Watts) is the leader of the Faceless. Then Caleb leaves them and Four and Tris head to the Dauntless expecting to join them to the Faceless. Meanwhile Eric is hunting Divergents for Jeanine (Kate Winslet) that needs them to open a mysterious box. What is the secret of the box? "Insurgent" is an average sci-fi adventure and sequel. The story is full of action and good special effects, but Peter's character is a complete mess. The most incredible is that there will be a sequel divided in two parts. My vote is six.Title (Brazil): "A Série Divergente: Insurgente" ("The Divergent Series: Insurgent")
6 Three Days of the Condor meets Jason Bourne meets bio warfare. Nooni Rapace was excellent as the lead. Acting was superior all the way around. Plot was good with excellent pace. The 6 rating on this film is misleading and inaccurate in my opinion. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys spy/action flicks.
6 With that being said, I loved this movie. With such terrible slasher spoofs as Scary Movie (I never bothered seeing the sequels) that was just one giant oral sex joke, this was a great breath of fresh air. The plot was typical (part of the spoof) and the acting at times hokey (yet again, part of the spoof), it's easy to get distracted away from the subtle humor and very entertaining dialogue.Though the acting isn't classical actor's guild stuff, the characters are great. Especially Pete, Putman and Juan. I guess since I have seen the counter culture that this movie is mocking while spoofing the horror genre, it only makes it that much better.If you're expecting a ground breaking horror movie, you will be disappointed. If you're expecting Super Troopers, you'll be let down. If you're expecting ground breaking in the spoof department... you might want to look elsewhere. If you just want a funny movie that doesn't try too hard and is entertaining on a subtle level, check this one out.8/10
6 'SECRET IN THEIR EYES': Three Stars (Out of Five)An American remake, of the 2009 Argentine thriller 'THE SECRET IN THEIR EYES' (which won the 2010 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film). The movie tells the story of a former FBI investigator, who's still trying to track down the killer, of his old partner's teenage daughter; 13 years later. The film stars Chiwetel Ejiofor, Julia Roberts, Nicole Kidman and Dean Norris. It was written and directed by Billy Ray; based on the Argentine book 'The Question in Their Eyes' (by Eduardo Sacheri), and the script adapted from it (written by Sacheri and Juan Jose Campanella). I saw the original movie, and it's a much better film!Two FBI agents, Ray (Ejiofor) and Jess (Roberts), are investigating the scene of a murder, when they discover that Jess's daughter (Zoe Graham) is the victim. They're able to track down, and arrest, the most likely suspect (Joe Cole); but he's set free, due to the fact that he's a government informant. Ray obsesses over the case, for 13-years, until he relocates the man, he thinks is the same suspect. He comes back to Los Angeles, after leaving the FBI, and asks his old supervisor (Kidman), who he's also long had feelings for, to reopen the case.The original Argentine film was fantastic; I gave it 4.5 stars (out of 5), back when I first saw it (in 2010). This movie is well-made, to a certain extent, and well-acted; but it definitely doesn't live up to the original. Ejiofor and Roberts both give outstanding performances, in the film though, like they always do; and the scene of Roberts finding her murdered daughter, is hauntingly memorable. The movie is worth seeing, just to watch the two of them.Watch our movie review show 'MOVIE TALK' at: https://youtu.be/f4ptmnmXTWE
6 I loved this movie's originality, which is hard to come by these days. The main complaint is that the pace was way too quick which left the story with way too many things unsettled, or glossed over. Even if there were a sequel, this story wasn't told to its full potential. The main actress carried the movie with a brilliant performance which is why it earned my 6 stars. Would have been a solid 8 borderline 9 if the story was told with a little more detail.
6 Solid performances all round (Jason Clarke is excellent!)However, movie should have fleshed out the Heydrich / Butcher of Prague story more rather than re-telling the post death aftermath - an angle already covered by the Cillian Murphy/Jamie Doran movie (Antripoid). Their (brilliant) movie told from the perspective of the Czech Assasins.If you really want to see a movie about Heydrich (and the lead up to the "Final Solution of the Jewish Question"), watch "Conspiracy", the Kenneth Brannagh/Stanley Tucci TV movie. SHOCKING!
6 So it wasn't bad enough that CW lost 20% of its meager audience last year. They just had to come up with yet another brain-dead show supposedly tailored for young adults but actually talking down to them...Guess what? CE is already down another 15% from last year's disaster ratings.Of course, what could we expect from a network where Gossip Girl is hailed as some sort of successful model (successful how? at losing audiences?) But to go back to 90210, it is the brainchild of Rob Thomas and a couple other bad writers and is appropriately devoid of any sign of intelligent life.The casting is awful, as befit the CW, which seems to think that young people do not care about acting ability in their actors.Overall, a sad, sad reminder that CW needs a complete change of direction if it is to survive.
6 I really would give this show a 1, but it used to be OK, maybe 5-6 at best, but it was OK. The actors can for the most part act, in the way that is expected from soaps, which is slightly exaggerated, and some of the prior actors have moved on to make prime time shows.But the writing is what is bringing this show down to a dreadfully, mediocre show at best.**SPOILERS** We have a female character drugging a priest to make a sex video, and then we have another female character drugging another male character to take compromising photos. Every character who comes into the show has a horribly shady past, going so far as murder perhaps in some of the latest story lines. People get murdered regularly, they get people kidnapped and attacked, they drug people, stalk them, they break up and have incessantly ENDLESS conversations that go for episodes and episodes (broken up by other silliness in the episodes).Is it any wonder so many people are getting out of this show recently? EJ's character murdered (oh, yet another murder!), Sami (let's face it, this actress can definitely do better!).I don't know what the ratings are on this show but I am done with it because the latest story lines **SPOILERS** college boy in bed with his girlfriends mother who is the one who had him drugged to take compromising pictures to break him and her daughter up AND ALSO Theresa being pregnant and Kristin paying for her to disappear AND the whole reappearing Chad thing.I can't watch this anymore, it's turned into a parody of a soap and I keep expecting Dustin Hoffman to rip off his wig and declare who he really is.NBC, I'd really really rather watch Access Hollywood in this time slot again!
6 Whether it be intentionally or incidentally writer/director David S. Goyer succeeds in amalgamating the visual style of the two previous Blade films by making Blade: Trinity a sleek but raw actioner.The problem is Blade is not an action franchise. It's a vampire franchise. Both Guillermo del Toro and Stephen Norrington understood this. Vampires can be sexy, scary, enticing, and downright brutal, all at the same time. But the vampires in Blade: Trinity are sissies. They're pissy, corny, spent, and essentially useless. They're not sexy, scary, or smart. They're just boring. And thus, there is no sense of horror, or danger, or urgency, or mystery. You never wonder if Blade will come out on top. You know he will and you can pretty much guess how before it happens.Snipes' kung-fu-movieesque silent hero routine has grown tired. His character in this film lacks any real depth or complexity. Snipes is utterly boring unless he's kicking the crap out of someone, or at least threatening to.Instead of developing the characters he already has Goyer keeps introducing new ones. Much like in the previous film, Blade soon finds himself surrounded by a new group of allies to whom his disdains. But instead of vampires, this time around it's a bunch of wise cracking teenagers. Each one more clichéd and uninteresting than the next.And what should have been the highlight of the film, Goyer also manages to ruin. Through some broad stroke of banality Goyer even succeeds in making Dracula, the most favored and well known vampire in the history of literature and cinema, completely dull.Goyer implements too many different and contradictory ideas into a single film. And the result is a film that's visually impressive but narratively clunky. Many of Goyer's ideas, while contrived, aren't that bad. I mean. A group of wise cracking teenage vampire hunters isn't a bad idea. It might work as it's own film but it simply doesn't work in the context of the Blade universe.Despite enthusiastic performances by much of the cast and Wesley Snipes' strong presence Blade: Trinity fails due to underdeveloped characters and an unfocused plot. Lackluster writing and directing aside, this film still looks really, really good. Apparently the only people who really brought their A-game are cinematographer Gabriel Beristain, the entire art department, and visual effects team. Kudos to them all.
6 If you get past the slowness in the beginning this is an alright horror movie. Some of the scares are quite good - actually screamed out a few times but some are cheap shock tactics. There are too many little shockers and some of the dim lighting could have been brightened up. As it unfolds the story is obviously not fact based except for the house and the lady but it cleverly enough incorporates some historical events and the guilt of the money from killing machines. The grand climax is worth it. Helen Mirren doesn't act spooky she isn't supposed to be but she adds class to the whole thing. Jason Clark is right for this role - not good looking so he is believable. Sarah Snook plays the niece of Mrs Winchester. Worth one watch especially if you are thinking of visiting the house or have already done so.
6 When the movie opened with warning labels like this, you know you're ready for a great movie. Beerfest was top notch of it's class. Drinking beer for sport is a classic money maker; I'm surprised this wasn't made sooner! We know that almost every partier will go out and spend money to see this movie, and they should. This movie is great for learning new games and getting wasted fast. This is a perfect example of a movie that is not for younger audiences.Beerfest has all you need for a good movie: comedy, plot, creative thought process, Beer and women... lots of women. The typical frat party kind of movie where you watch it then go out with buddies and wake up the next morning forgetting that you even saw it. This show is worth watching because of it's great comedy. The creators of Super Troopers should be proud to have a good sister movie.8/10.
6 As soon as I saw the trailer for this, I knew I had to see it ASAP.I adore Nicolas Cage - the screamier, mad eyed the better - and this filmdidn't disappoint. It's essentially Nic Cage infected with some kind of rage-virus (the origin is never revealed or explained), running around trying to slaughter his two kids. Just when things are at peak-crazy, Lance Henriksen (largely of beloved 80s/90s straight to video horror) rocks up and pushes it over the top.I've seen reviews on here complaining about things such as 'how do they afford that house', 'the daughter is too old looking', etc. These reviewers were clearly not brought up on stupid, cheap, schlocky horror films you'd get on the bottom shelf of the cheap section of Blockbuster.It's not supposed to make pristine, logical sense. It's cheap, demented fun, and should be enjoyed as such.You don't see Selma Blair much these days, which is a shame, as she's pretty good here as a bored housewife turned psycho mother. Sadly, she's partnered with the King of Crazy, so she has trouble matching up to his boggle eyed, sing/shouting and whirlwind of destruction. It's surprisingly light on gore (most kills are implied and off-screen, for example, the housekeeper's kid) and feels aimed at teens as much as adults (perhaps the point?) so it's more of a comedy than a horror.The ending was a bit abrupt - it would have been nice to see some hint as to why it all happened - but it's also pretty cool that you're left to answer that question on your own.I watched this right after rewatching 'You're Next' and they kind of paired up nicely - another great fun, bonkers, survival-in-a-family-home scenario (although 'You're Next' is up there with 'Get Out' in terms of awesome, while 'Mom and Dad' isn't one I see myself rewatching to death)Tl,dr - lots of fun, pure undiluted Nic Cage at his Nic Cageiest.
6 I cannot take it anymore. No, I'm not referring to Michael Bay. I have no issues with him. He was nothing but a co-producer. What I can't take is how lovers of this movie can't see what was wrong with it. I'm a long time turtles fan. Born in the 80s, grew up on the TV show, seen all movies and series, and had many action-figures. This movie was disappointing. I'm not saying it's terrible and normally I don't really agree with critics, but this time, I'm inclined to. It simply wasn't that great. Here are the reasons why: 1 - This is the biggest mistake of the movie of which I still can't understand how they didn't realize it. The back-story/history between Yamato Yoshi and Shredder. There was no mention of Yoshi. Splinter was nothing but a NYC rat, experimented on with the 4 turtles. They escaped a fire and found themselves in the sewer. Why does Splinter have a Japanese style moustache and know everything about the shredder? Sacks mentioned a bit about Shredders rival clan back in Japan never went into details nor gave any indication that the rat was there or would've known anything about it. This rivalry is one of the main plot points in the history of TMNT and they took it out.2 - The Ninja turtles are the main characters in TMNT, not Megan Fox. She had way more face time than any of the turtles. I can't even think if Leo of Donnie had more than 10 lines.3 - Yes 3D is neat, but it's been years since we've developed it. Watching the massive overuse of close-ups and slow motion 3D was almost as painful as the slow motion action scenes in the last resident evil movies. I read one critic review mention around 800 close-up shots of Megan fox's lips. He could be right.4 - The plot was completely generic and unoriginal. Evil man wants to release Bio chemical weapon so he can be the hero by selling the cure, making billions of dollars. Yeah, that's never been done before.5 - Mutagen is the cure for everything? Let's pretend I buy that. Why does Donnie require eye glasses? Along with Donnie's glasses, a list of other things that made little sense. Splinter teaching himself Ninjutsu from some dirty book he finds in the sewer, somehow becomes some ninja master capable of fighting the Shredder, because remember, he's not Yamato Yoshi like he's supposed to be, nor did he have him train him as a pet rat, like the old 1990 movie did. The amount of times Shredder threatens to kill them, the amount of chances he had, yet he does not. Shooting blades from his X-men style silver samurai armour(that fly back and reattach by the way) while fighting splinter. Then just punch-stabs him once and tosses him down. Later fighting Raf, threatening to kill him. Just cracks his shell and walks away. The ridiculous fight scene, consisting of a semi being drive down an extremely steep, snowy mountain side. Not once coming close to losing its balance or crashing. With the turtles sliding down the mountain on their shells, keeping up with the speeding vehicles and staying ahead of the avalanche they cause. April trying to convince her boss of these human-sized ninja turtle teenagers. She actually has a decent photograph but doesn't show her and gets fired. Tracking Aprils GPS deep into the sewer. Normally many cell phones lose service just by being in a basement, let alone 50 feet below the surface. Wireless signals don't go through solid objects so well, especially the ground and dozens of feet of concrete. The ninja turtles are invincible now too. Bullets don't even penetrate.6 - The sexual objectification of Megan Fox. The many close ups, although nice to some, not really ideal for a PG13 audience.7 - The time-line. The movie was rushed, short intro, abrupt ending, with the simple and generic plot.8 - Choice of actors. Arnett was the best choice for his role compared to others. He gave the little bit of comic-relief that was believable of an April O'Neil camera man. The turtles voices were okay, although I don't know how they came up with Knoxville as Leo. Megan Fox, I gave the benefit of the doubt, but didn't seem like an April to me. I found out that Anna Kendrick and Jane Levy had tried out for the role. Either one would've been a better choice.9 - My last point is Hollywood in general. They seem more concerned about finding ways to maximize profit as opposed actually making really decent or epic movies. It just seems like they chose to do TMNT knowing how popular it already was anyways, then not really care how good of a job they did. In the end, it will likely make half a billion over a year anyways. Many movies lately are nothing but big names, product placement, and the mention of famous producers/directors. My dislike of this movie had nothing to do with BAY as the lovers of the movie seem to think. There's 5 other producers and 4 executive producers. People should realize that someone can like/ dislike movies for simply being what they are and have nothing to do with who's in it or who made it. I gave a 6 because it's still slightly entertaining but I couldn't bring myself to giving it a 7. That would require at least a good solid movie with nowhere near as many mistakes.
6 When it comes to its great effects and spooky ambiance, Flatliners has a lot of style, but when it comes to its narrative, the film is significantly lacking in substance. As a fan of the original, alongside being an admirer of Ellen Page, I was really looking forward to this film, though by the end, left the cinema disappointed.Flatliners begins with Courtney (Page) experiencing a tragic loss. Nine years later, she is a medical student, trying to convince her colleagues to help with an experiment. Later in the film both events are connected, though significantly more depth was required.As one can guess, Courtney's experiment involves her death, in an attempt to record what happens to the brain after a person flat-lines. Her friends Jamie (James Norton) and Sophia (the beautiful Kiersey Clemons), originally discouraged with her intentions, quickly become involved, as do Ray (Diego Luna) and Marlo (Nina Dobrev) when things don't go according to plan.When characters travel to the other side, the use of light, sound and motion are used wonderfully to create a fantastic experience, the world beyond often visualised as been very beautiful, the music also adding to the magic of the occasion. After returning from their near-death experiences, characters are miraculously gifted with greater intellect, an idea that is never elaborated upon. Moreover, despite the characters been perceived as studious and intelligent, unlike the characters in The Taking of Deborah Logan, rarely do the leads in Flatliners attempt to use science, or their training, to find a solution to the problems they face, instead behaving much like the stereotypes found in other genre films.Though the always entertaining Kiefer Sutherland (who deserved a much larger role) has a cameo, don't mistake this as a sequel – this feature is in fact a remake, though it is disappointing we didn't get to see Sutherland's Nelson again after all these years.Much like in the original, the characters begin to realise the consequences of travelling to the other side. It is during these moments, when the film fully embraces its dark material, that Flatliners is at its best. The music adds to the already well developed spooky atmosphere, and the performances of the cast further heighten the sense of dread. Though occasionally predictable, the feature has its share of unexpected scares, the chase sequences being very gripping.Like the original, characters find themselves pursued by their 'sins', though the secrets the characters have been harbouring are rarely provided the required depth. Despite flirting briefly with the supernatural, the film pulls on this string only once, which was quite disappointing, the film rarely attempting to stray from the original. Though the original shone a flashlight on bullying, racism, sexism and betrayal, the remake is often centred around the competitiveness of the medical profession, which joins each of the characters together.As the film progresses, the confrontation between the characters and their 'sins' becomes progressively worse, been far more malicious than what was experienced in the original. Though the film appears to be set for an exciting climax, it is here that the movie appears to run out of steam, and instead rushes towards a happy ending that does not do the film justice.Flatliners is never boring, capturing the fun lives of the up and coming professionals of tomorrow, and the horror of when things go terribly wrong. The latter however is not given the depth it deserves, and coupled with its weak conclusion, the richness of the films potential goes largely untouched.
6 I went into DUDE thinking it was yet another teen comedy about prom and how much high school life sucks. I was pleasantly surprise to find a small and lovely story about friendship, love and life. Lucy Hale is a force of nature! Not to mention Austin Butler's heartbreaking presence through out the film, moving the story forward.
6 I really was keen on this when I originally saw the trailer, and then had my doubts when the first reviews came in. But it isn't as bad as many are saying it is. Yes, I probably won't ever watch it again, but it certainly kept me interested throughout the entire time. No spoilers, but the ending is certainly worth the watch. It created a bit of discussion on moral dilemmas between me and my 2 sons (16 & 14).
6 It's no mistake now that the team behind the Cloverfield series is simply purchasing films that are already shot or written and re-working them to fit within their "world". This entry into the series is no different, but at least we have a direct connection and explanation for things, which make this film the main one that will connect every single 'Cloverfield' entry from here on out. In an attempt to produce endless energy, a group of people board a space shuttle known as The Shepard. Over 600 days in space with failure after failure, they finally manage to create something. But that something is not what they expected and now they have to fight to survive and deal with the horrors they've unleashed. There is a moment in the film that is pure exposition, delivered by Donal Logue that really felt forced in there to be an explanation for the monster in the original film. It was such an awkward jumble of words that it stands out like a sore thumb. I felt like they could have delivered this information a bit differently, by someone on the ship maybe. There are other moments of missed opportunities as well, specifically when you are dealing with time paradoxes and alternate realties. The film tries to deliver a sense of dread, but it doesn't really get there. There are moments where the weirdness explodes and we are dealing with severed limbs still working or body horror involving eyes and skin. I get the sense that they wanted these weird occurrences to really amp of the mystery. Sometimes it works, other times it does not. As a whole though, the film does deliver an edge of your seat sic/fi space survival flick. Paramount clearly thought they had a stinker on their hands, which is why they dumped the film to Netflix. Saying this film sucks is a disservice to the material. It's ambitious enough to try and create a connecting tissue to the other films and anything else that Bad Robot wants to come up with. I applaud that, as well as their explanation for why things happened, to me is good enough. This film will be the most divisive one yet, that is clear.
6 Although I did enjoy this movie, and it was a joy to watch on the big screen, the overall tone, and mood are so different from the first. The difference between fight scenes at night vs broad daylight may not seem like a big deal, but for some reason it really stood out to me. It just feels like this one was more geared toward kids, and potentially selling action figures. I didn't hate it by any means, but it really lacked what made the first one so unique, and intriguing to me.
6 nothing of significance happens during the whole movie. its slow, not scary, and a waste of time. no answers to any of the questions the film poses. just a bunch of people in the wood who don't trust each other and some fatal disease that just kills everyone. in all truth...Nothing comes at night throughout the whole film. i wouldn't even pirate this movie.
6 I've really enjoyed some of Anderson's films, and even "Moonrise Kingdom," which wasn't good, had some thought-provoking qualities. This one, by contrast, was awful, and to me it suggests he has become "full of himself" or is "mailing it in." It's not funny, nor insightful, nor compelling on any level. At the very beginning, the worn, 1960s decor was amusing, and overall I got the sense that this was going to be about a small number of "quirky" hotel guests in the mid 1980s. These were people who were trapped in the past, but didn't know how to move forward because they had enough money to keep them at the "luxury resort hotel." I was really looking forward to that kind of presentation, but instead we are then taken to another flashback !We are then introduced to a "lobby boy" and a hotel manager (who is "full of himself" and rather unappealing) who are living during the heyday of the hotel, several decades earlier. Now I'm thinking that this still might be about quirky hotel guests, but of a different period, and seen through the eyes of these two (or at least one of them). Instead, the film degenerates into a ridiculous plot about the manager (Fiennes) being framed for murder, then plotting to escape, then trying to clear his name. Not long after he does this, he is killed by Nazi-like soldiers (why couldn't they be actual Nazi soldiers?). The lobby boy's wife dies in childbirth, along with the child, for no good reason, and we have to be told that this happens - we don't see the lobby boy and his wife as a married couple (so there is no character development).There are a few crude jokes, and several murders, one of a cat that seemed like it was something from a "Beavis and Butthead" episode. Overall, this was a very unpleasant cinematic experience, and even the special effects, which tried to create a cute and "magical" atmosphere, did not fit in well - some were used over and over again, to the point of being irritating. If you are not going to create realistic characters, then there needs to be something compelling. The special effects certainly don't make up for this shortfall, as can be the case in action or sci-fi movies, nor is there anything in the plot that works, such as an elaborate murder mystery. It's not even a "feel good" film with a message about "personal redemption" or "doing the right thing."Now I'm all for "dark" films about subjects like "losing faith" (which often contain insights one can't help but ponder), yet you're not going to get anything like that here either! As my title suggests, this is a bizarre "cute" yet mean and nasty effort, and I gave it an extra star because it's outright weird, conceptually. I was not impressed by "Moonrise Kingdom," but I think I understood the "coming of age" idea behind it; with this film, I am left wondering what Anderson was trying to accomplish. If you enjoy this film, that's fine with me, though I have no idea what you could have found compelling or humorous, but if you think it's some sort of contribution to the history of cinema, I think you would benefit from taking some college courses on this subject. If you are a fan of old, silly-looking decor, go ahead and watch the first ten minutes, but after that, I can't imagine what anyone could enjoy about it, other than a few seconds here or there.
6 I'm very mixed on Clint Eastwood's filmography especially in recent years. He is responsible for some great work from behind the camera but that hasn't really been the case in recent years. The 15:17 to Paris looked a bit bland and like a run of the mill affair when it comes to recreation of recent global events in film. It didn't help that critics weren't too pleased but of course, I then remembered that I never listen to critics. I'll tell you, the film is flawed and has slow passages but I liked it more than I thought I would.The film is based on the real life events about a train that had a terror attack foiled on its way from Amsterdam to Paris. The attack was stopped primarily by three men who were best friends growing up. One of them attempts to join the military and the film focuses on his trials to make it in the military, his relationship with his friends, and his quest to find out what his purpose is and how he can truly save some lives.The first note that needs to be made about the film is that the three lead actors cast in the film are the actual three who acted during the real life incident. With that however, comes a loss in quality of acting in the film. I get that Eastwood wanted to go with an authentic element by having the guys who lived it tell the story, but you could just tell that these weren't actors as they weren't always convincing or delivering lines properly. The film does spend an extended amount of time going into backstory as well which a times was quite noticeable.Otherwise, I enjoyed it. Some of the cinematography and locations (especially when the cast is on vacation) is gorgeous. The last twenty minutes or so are quite intense and satisfying. The event was something that isn't enough to warrant an entire feature film so I get that we had to go off point. Was the film necessary? No. It is however better than some of the stuff I've seen from Eastwood in recent years so I'll take it.6.5/10
6 Can Pixar and Disney miss with a film? Both Toy Story's, A Bugs Life, Monster's Inc., Finding Nemo, and The Incredibles. These movies are instant classics.The movie in focus is Finding Nemo, a story of a clown fish named Marlin (voiced by Albert Brooks), trying to find his son Nemo who was taken away by scuba divers. With the help of a fish named Dory (Ellen Degeneres)Marlin bumps into on his journey, they set out on finding Nemo. The only problem is that Dory suffers from short-term memory loss. She can't remember anything except her name. It's sad but brings a lot of comedy to the movie.Along the way they meet some priceless characters like Crush (voiced by writer/director Andrew Stanton), the thrill seeking sea turtle. They also encounter a trio of friendly sharks, Bruce, Anchor, and Chum. They have sworn to never eat a fish again. They also run into some potentially deadly situations with an ugly deep sea fish, also a huge swarm of jellyfish, and a whale. Marlin and Dory must tough it out and make it to find Nemo.Meanwhile, Nemo is now the new addition to an Australian dentist's office aquarium. There he meets some interesting characters. Peach the starfish, Bloat the blowfish, and more sea dwellers. There Nemo tries to fit in, becoming a member of the tank named "Shark Bait". He tries to help out Gill (William Defoe) with his plan to escape from the tank and get everyone out. Nemo must come through in order to see his father ever again. A local pelican named Nigel (Geoffrey Rush) also tries to help out in the escape. Word has spread around the world of Marlin's trip to find his son, reaching Nigel.FInding Nemo is an instant classic. With great lines and unforgettable characters, this movie is a delight. The animation itself is remarkable. It's as though the fish are really swimming. You can even see particles floating in the water. Light shines through and currents make the fish and surrounding react. The animators have done their homework for this picture.This movie is quite an experience. It is a film the whole family can enjoy for years to come. It is a timeless adventure that people can enjoy. Don't let this film drift out to sea...
6 Mankini was my favorite charchtor! My mom let me see this movie and i liked it. 11/10 would see again mt favorite movie
6 Traffik (2.5 out of 5 stars).Traffik is a dull thriller that sets up the tension but falls flat with its cliché and annoying characters. The film uses a real event story about a gang of bikers involved in sex trafficking and terrorizing a couple. It is terrifying to see these events do happen in the real world. But the execution in film makes it seem like a lifetime channel movie were there is a little annoying drama and conflict with the characters. The characters make stupid decisions. And the direction lacks in trying to build suspense and thrills. The plot follows Brea (Paula Patton) were her career as a journalist is very shaky when her boss gives up on her story. Her boyfriend John (Omar Epps) decides to take her on a nice getaway to a secluded rental home. While stopping at a gas station, a group of bikers terrorize them. And Brea runs into a shady lady in the gas station that hides her phone in her bag, which includes secret information about the sex trafficking organization. Once Brea and John finally have a romantic evening to each other. And their invasive friends who is a non stop talker and a cocaine addict Darren (Laz Alonso) and his wife Malia (Roselyn Sanchez). That lady and a group of bikers crash their party when they are searching for that phone and eliminating anyone that is aware of their organization. The film does have a thin forgettable plot. A journalist who is on the brinks of losing her job for not having a story. Well, sure the sex trafficking encounter will change her course of the career. Sure, Brea and John are trying to go on a private getaway. And all that does not last long when they come across a group of racist bikers. Sure, that cannot come up to any good. Even when Deputy Sally (Missi Pyle) knows there is trouble with them but tends to forget about the towns aggressive bikers. The film had a promising start. The couple being chased by a biker. Was probably the only intense part of the film. Then, their friend Darren who we can all assume is up to no good. When he keeps ruining the surprises that John was setting up for Brea. For a thriller, there was not much suspense or thrills to keep you entertained. When the bikers show up to their secluded home. And chasing down John and Brea in the forest was not exciting at all. The lighting and direction were so boring. Characters do make stupid decisions that would get them captured. The villain Red (Luke Goss) was so flat. Half way through the film it was becoming a yawnfest when these chases were dull. Omar Epps was flat with his performance. It was difficult to find Brea and John's relationship believable. Paula Patton was semi decent with her character. Laz Alonso playing an annoying drug addict felt like a waste on screen. During the climax of the film. Nothing suspenseful really happens. Besides Brea is trying to escape and trying to expose this organization. Overall, Traffik is a bad thriller. Acting was decent. The suspense and thrills were lacking in the film. The direction and story were boring and very forgettable of a film. I do not recommend seeing this film in theatres. It is better to wait until it is a rental. Since the film has nothing to show for. No thrills. No suspense. And not even an emotional connection with its flat characters.
6 I start this review by first acknowledging there's nothing wrong with this film from a family-oriented entertainment point of view. It's colorful, it's fun at times, provides a positive message about acceptance and provides a clever enough high concept to keep the kids on their keesters for 80 minutes. As a rudimentary children's film, you certainly can do worse.The problem with The Secret Lives of Pets stems from its complete inability to marry story, character and concept into a discernible package. As it stands, the film is rushed, bulky and is chalked full of nonsensical choices that cripples any verdant ideas that could have been. It's a first draft; not a final product.The story begins with a happy Jack Russell Terrier named Max (C.K.) who lives with his owner Katie (Kemper) in a surprisingly roomy Manhattan apartment. Things change drastically and suddenly with the arrival of Duke (Stonestreet) a large, shaggy Newfoundland whose introduced as a "new brother" to Max's chagrin. They, of course don't get along and after a series of confrontations find themselves lost. The first to notice they're missing is a lovestruck Pomeranian named Gidget (Slate) who recruits the rest of Max's friends among others to recover them from the vast streets of New York City.The rest of Max's friends are barely worth mentioning as they're mostly utilized to push the buttons and pull the levers on some uninspired comedic set-pieces. They're not really useful to the plot, nor do they succeed in being the Toy Story (1995)-inspired resilient and diverse gaggle the movie hopes they are. Part of the reason for this is none of the side characters actually solve any problems. They jet here, they jet there but when faced with any obstacles they just seem to rush it. Gone is the creativity of having Mr. Potato Head fashion a new body out of a tortilla; now we have elderly Basset Hound, Pops (Carvey) hobbling through construction sites with stalwart confidence.Frankly focusing on the story's tagged-on villains might have paid more dividends. The broad machinations of Snowball (Hart), a bunny with delusions of grandeur are easily the best part of the film, even if they remain painfully underdeveloped. Additionally his "Flushed Pets" group could have complicated Duke's allegiance to his new owner or more easily pegged Max as a fully socialized pet and therefore in need of re-education. Snowball was the best chance the movie had in getting audiences to truly know the characters we're supposed to be rooting for but instead they blew it on prolonged chase sequences and a sausage factory bit that goes absolutely nowhere.And that gets me to the biggest problem I have with this film; the creators' approach to the high concept itself. The film tries to have its cake and eat it to, portraying characters with innately human characteristics but still clinging to the charming pet-like idiosyncrasies we know and love about our furry friends. For example, Gidget recruits the help of Tiberius (Brooks) a hawk who at first tries to eat her. She barely escapes his talons only to trust him once more because that's just what a peppy little dog would do. Max's friends Mel (Moynihan) and Buddy (Buress) don't even notice Max is gone because, being dogs, they're distracted by butterflies and squirrels. They're certainly not a rag-tag group of lovable rogues, they're a confederacy of dunces, successful only because of the ever changing allegiances of the main antagonist. Oh yeah, I almost forgot to mention Snowball at one point joins forces with Max to save Duke in a climactic sequence so blithely unnatural it renders the friends search and rescue completely moot.This film is a rushed, characterless, flavorless kids film that just barely stretches its plot over the skeleton of its story structure. As I said before, if all you're looking for is a bland and forgettable family film, you could do worse. Yet provided it's appealing concept, you'd really think the animation studio that made Despicable Me (2010) could do better.
6 "Dead is just the beginning", right? In this case it might be the beginning of the end of the world of gods and monsters. I have been dwelling on how to review this movie as I want to be fair but I don't want to mislead you.I will start by saying that Sofia Boutella nails the character of Princess Ahmunet, she is truly a goddess with of course an ancient course that she brought upon herself, but her character is so likable you actually end up rooting for the ultimate evil, Boutella brings a charisma to the mummy that it is hard to match.My biggest fear going in was Russell Crowe as doctor Henry Jekyll and his other persona, Mr Edward Hyde, but the actor gives the performance of his lifetime as both characters and his seedy organization, which is truly as evil and ruthless as the "monsters" they chase. And this is how I like my "heroes", men or groups that for the common "good" are willing to become monsters themselves, it makes for an interesting plot.Here's where things go sideways: Tom Cruise, yes I said it. Nick Morton is an amalgamation of Rick O'Connell of the Brendan Fraiser movies and Ethan Hawk from M:I. His character lacks charisma and his romance with Jenny (Annabelle Wallis) is less than believable. It borders in a cheap Fabio novel paper back, the movie would have been much better without Tom Cruise and Nick Morton.Here's where things go bad: The special effects, last year I hammered Ghostbusters for their "Scooby-like" CGI and it pains me as I have to do the same here, the CGI was awful, seriously! When a TV Show like Game of Thrones can have great FX there is absolutely no excuse to have a big franchise movie, the start of one had FX so incredibly awful, they looked like a freaking cartoon. That seriously killed the movie.There are a couple of good scenes but I have to say sadly that the Dark Universe is dead, or at least it should be.My rating is 6 out of 10, and I'm being nice.Welcome to a new world of meh...
6 Maybe it helps to be familiar with the history, Art, and literature of the Ancient Rome because "Caligula" is surprisingly truthful adaptation of the chapter about Caligula in "The Lives Of The Twelve Caesars by C. Suetonius Tranquillus, the Roman Historian. If you read the chapter dedicated to Nero, you'll be even more shocked because Nero was always fascinated by his uncle Caligula (he was a son of Caligula's sister Agrippina who later became a wife of Claudius who adopted Nero and made him the heir for the title and the power of Roman Emperor). Anyway, Nero made Caligula his role model and managed to surpass his uncle's' notorious fame.The movie is notoriously famous for the plentiful scenes of real sex, including incest, necrophilia, rape, and orgies. The movie also includes quite nasty and gruesome scenes of torture, executions, murders, and humiliations but all of the events have been documented in the historical documents that still exist.I don't think of the movie as a masterpiece or even a good movie for all of its 2.5 hours. It actually reminds the life of real Caligula. In his childhood and youth, he was adored by Roman people and especially by the army and he was a promising young man. When he grew up as a heir to the cruel and suspicious Tiberius, he had to hide his feelings and go through many humiliations in order to survive. Shrewd Tiberius said about his adopted grandson that "never humankind knew the better slave and the worse ruler than Caligula" and that he was rearing "a viper for the Roman people and a Phaethon for the world." When the young man finally received an access to the absolute power it had absolutely corrupted him. It is also known that soon after becoming head of Roman Empire, Caligula suffered an illness and as the result of it, he became incredibly nasty, cruel, and suspicious man who had indulged in the worst acts of debauchery, cruelty, and sadism. The movie follows this pattern. I still think that it is an interesting movie with very good actors. Not every day you can see porn with Helen Mirren, Peter O'Toole, Sir John Gielgud, and of course, Mr. Clockwork Orange himself, Malcolm McDowell.
6 I don't do foreign films or sub titles but i cant recommend this film enough. Brilliant story, cast you cannot fault, so important when i watch a film i like the cast and i cannot praise these guys and girls enough. Thank You for opening my eyes.
6 The Green Mile.... Yet another movie which made me cry.Outstanding work by Frank Darabont. Both his prison dramas "The Green Mile" & "The Shawshank Redemption" are real class! This film is beautifully written and perfectly cast. Michael Clarke Duncan delivers the performance of his career. There are scenes in this film that will make you quiver, and there are scenes that will keep you on the edge of your seat until you cry. Tom Hanks once again provides a strong support for a talented ensemble cast.Darabont's skills as a screenwriter that even after three hours, he can bring the film to such a good, solid conclusion.
6 I didn't hold out much hope for this movie. Was expecting the usual bad acting and shoddy plot. However I was mildly surprised. If you like gore, a little bit of nudity and a killer clown that kind off pulls of crazy without saying a word then this could be for you. Don't expect a Spielberg plot though. Better than the wonky cam, let's run through the woods movies.
6 In my opinion this is just an OK film. Except for some little stylistic tricks there is nothing special. The story is OK, how it is told is rather weak, in some parts it's even ridiculous, the acting is mostly very weak except for Lorre who you don't see much of anyway, and the sound quality is horrible (something you can't blame it for, but I had to use HEADPHONES on full volume to even understand the words!) but switching from sound to silent all the time is very distracting and has no dramatic effect at all (even if some say so) - the opposite is the case, it seems very amateurish. The slow pacing is typical for it's time. And suspense? I don't think so. In my opinion the main reasons why this film is so critically acclaimed are:A) Lorre's overacting. Whenever overacting has a purpose it's critically acclaimed. And his acting as a madman is very effective. B) I'd call it "heavy look". The topic seems "heavy" and the plot and style seem all too heavy and important. You almost want the film to be successful so you search for it in Lorre's acting. As a justification so to say. I'm sure you like the film for many other reasons too. Some more important reasons maybe. But that doesn't mean I'm wrong. It's a film we want to like and where you don't want to look for the flaws. Well, long story short, I don't think the final result is a success. There is too much Average in it and the Great isn't all that great. Metropolis, Nosferatu, Caligari, Sunrise, I think, have all a more stunning look. All silent and all made before "M". Don't get me wrong, the cinematography is good and also inventive in little parts, but not THAT revolutionary that it deserves the reputation it has. Probably the flaws are too big for me to fully appreciate the rest. Like every time one said: "He doesn't leave any marks...blah, blah" I had to laugh. He talks with the kids in the middle of the day in the middle of the street, he walks along the streets with them, he goes into shops, buys stuff for them, he makes mad gestures in public. And then he also whistles this damn song all the time so loud you hear it from three streets away while everyone in the audience knows from beginning on that this will be his doom. 6/10
6 Buckle up for obvious twists, nonsensical character motivations, poorly choreographed action scenes and many unintentionally funny laugh out loud moments like little Timmy's singing recital. To be honest I don't think his name was Timmy but even though I just watched this I already forgot what the kid's name was; throughout the movie everyone often calls him, "the boy," which is fitting given his bland and generic performance.So yes, it's bad, all around bad, the script, the acting, the plot, but at this point what else would you be expecting from a Nicolas Cage movie. I saw his name and the silly sounding title, "The Humanity Bureau," and knew I would enjoy how sinfully sh*tty this film was going to be and it didn't disappoint. That being said I gave it a 6 because I did enjoy it and would probably watch it again with some friends for laughs, and I can't give a movie I would watch multiple times a poor rating.
6 Okay, so I don't think there's much left to be said about this masterpiece. "American Beauty" is one of those rare instant classics, a landmark of the 90's and one of the best debut features ever (which is both a blessing and a curse for a director - let's hope Sam Mendes doesn't end up like Orson Welles).This bittersweet tale of ordinary suburban lives about an average husband (Kevin Spacey), his ambitious wife (Annette Bening), their unhappy only child (Thora Birch), the weirdo next door (Wes Bentley), his severe father (Chris Cooper), his catatonic mother (Allison Janney) and a certain blonde cheerleader (Mena Suvari), reaches a heavenly level of authenticity and poignancy thanks to a witty, pitch-perfect script (by Alan Ball, who would later create the brilliant TV series "Six Feet Under"), a wonderful cast (Spacey and Cooper, especially), Mendes's sensible directing, Conrad L. Hall's beautiful cinematography and Thomas Newman's unforgettable score (which has been copied ad nauseam since then, by the way). "American Beauty" is as thought-provoking and sad as it is, in a weird way, uplifting. To realize the mediocrity in your life; to try to change it or let it be, that's the question. Whichever's your choice, there'll be a high price to pay; thus, no one's a complete hero or villain in this story. Lack of communication, character flaws and hypocrisy all add up to what happens to these people; we feel bad for them, despise them, and root for them, for they all ring so true. That's because they're real, and great writers like Ball have a special talent to expose the good, the bad and the ugly in human nature.My only "problem" with this film is that it came out in 1999 (one of the greatest years for films, ever), just like my all-time favourite, "Magnolia", which was almost completely snubbed by the Academy (which gave "American Beauty" 5 Oscars, including Best Picture and Director). Naturally, I'd have liked "Magnolia" to win, but AB is a more than acceptable replacement since the Academy actually awarded a great film that year. "American Beauty", even without being the best film of its year, still manages to be a masterpiece."It's just a couch!", Lester (Spacey) yells in one scene. "This isn't life, it's just stuff. And it's become more important to you than living. Well, honey, that's just nuts".And isn't he right? ...look closer. 10/10.
6 Pretty good throughout the movie until the last 20-30 min. Kind of hokey after that.
6 I was supposed to write this a week ago when I had the sad opportunity to see this at a preview screening. By themselves Leslie Mann and John Cena have had their moments on screen, alas none have been anywhere near close to Oscar award winning. Movies like this prove why this will likely be the case from here on out.Where do I begin with the issues?First of all it's supposed to be a comedy, yet I didn't laugh one. Some people in the crowd did, The rest likely had taste. I should preface by saying I am a standup comedian so I know good jokes. Most of what would be considered funny you saw in the trailer, the big joke in the film being a butt chug contest and just like Girls night, fluids from inside the body, came gushing out, like the joke has never been done in the history of comedy. Secondly, the story is terrible and doesn't feel it goes in no real worthwhile direction. Every thing feels like it's going from point A to point B just as a vehicle to throw in the odd stupid disgusting joke. Thirdly, the roles in this movie don't ask for any effort or real acting ability at all. Most of the characters feel interchangeable barring John Cena, and that's only because they used his burly nature to throw in a few specific jokes. Note to the writers, don't write roles for people like John Cena. Write funny characters in general, if the characters are good enough they'll find the right cast or be good enough that any cast could make the characters work. I don't think anyone did a really good job, but that's not due to bad acting, it's mores due to horrible roles. I see some promise in Miles Robbins though, maybe not as lead yet though, we'll see what happens though. Hopefully he doesn't bear a similar fate to someone promising like Clark Duke.One of the bigger Issues I had with the film though, and it's something that may go unnoticed to most but would be a big issue to some was the Asian Emasculation that felt down right racist. One of the Leads is Asian, and John Cena is married to an Asian woman. We also have an Asian character who is a lesbian and one of the leads is attracted to her. The portrayals are not bad portrayal of Asians BUT they are all women. On the other end of the spectrum we have one Asian male character played by one Andrew Lopez who should've spat in their faces. He plays the "I wish I was a cool non geeky Asian" character and is a wannabe dancer who whenever he can tries to show off his moves but ends up injuring himself and making a fool of himself, multiple times. So this happens on more than one occasion. Glad to know that's how Asian men are seen. Let's just add insult to injury though shall we.Semi spoiler alertBut Sam played by Gideon Aldon takes a Fedora Wearing Ginger played by Jimmy Bellinger to prom. Great to know fedora wearing gingers are more prom worthy than Asian males. To top it off, said Ginger (No disrespect to Jimmy personally) breaks all conventions that all fedora wearing males are disgusting problematic SWJ nice guys who act nice purely for sex by being included. In this instance he doesn't actually act like an SWJ nice guy to a full extent but it's noticeable and what eventuates is he ends up in bed with Sam, though she doesn't go through with it (yet he still finishes), wherein which she doesn't think it's disgusting and just laughs it off and he gains a newfound confidence and is seen being portrayed as a confident boss type singing his heart out at the after party while the DJ does his thing.I can't find anything to like about this film, especially the necessity to show Gary Coles penis (why is this becoming a thing in recent times, and what about vaginas?). This film is just plain terrible and there is one huge thing which was likely a decision by the writers which made it all so terrible. The writers wanted to come off like Hip and Cool Adult types who know current trends and what's funny (as evidenced in the trailer by the Emoji scene). Like unfunny parents trying to look cool in front of their kids but actually being the total opposite. This movie has no redeeming qualities and shouldn't be viewed by anyone with any sense of sanity in their brain.It looks like many reviewers were just paid off, and considering who made this they likely used a good portion towards that and not the actual movie itself. If you want a better heartfelt teen movie this year, go see Love, Simon. If you want a better Teen Comedy Edge of Seventeen is lightyears ahead (and actually has a somewhat better Asian male character) or even the other Edge of Seventeen is worlds beyond this. As for better Comedies this year? Game Night wins far and wide. So you have many choices for better movies, use them and only watch this if you're paid to review film or are held at gunpoint but frankly, if that happened to me I would've let them pull the trigger after the first 30 seconds.
6 Back in 1977 when George Lucas told a story in the frame of Joseph Campbells Heroes Journey, it was unique. When Sam Raimi told a super hero story with the same structure in 2002, there was still plenty it added a new filter. And, when Jon Favreau did it again in 2008, he added enough unique touches to the tale to reinvigorate what was becoming a tired formula.The writers of Green Lantern felt it was enough to skim cliffnotes of Campbell and write the film based on their notes of the reading and half remembered recollections of reading comic books when they were 12. There is nothing new in this film. A man is given a magic ring which takes him out of the world of the ordinary and makes him a hero. We don't grow to care about him because he doesn't grow or change... he simply goes through the motions because the script tells him to.Ryan Reynolds tries his best with a weak and contrived script, but he still comes off too snarky to be the overconfident jet pilot he's supposed to be. It's not all his fault, as the script is much more content to tell us what the cast is feeling or thinking instead of letting the actors convey it through their actions, inflections or looks. It is as if the writers had no faith in their cast or direction, let alone their audience, and dumbed the entire affair down below even the cartoon portrayals of the character.The visuals are nice, but never have weight, leading to the effect that Ryan Reynolds head if occasionally floating through a video game. It's sad to think it's been six years since Gollum, and this is the best Warner Brothers can offer us in a tent pole film. It's also a shame to think this is the best they could do with only 37 million dollars less than Avatar. Again, it just shows that the production staff was lazy, never pushing it to look better, and instead setting for the "they'll think it looks cool" effect.We should demand better from comic book films. After having Dark Knight and Iron Man in a single year, we should not be subjected to subpar outings like this. Fun is one thing, mind numbingly dumb and lazy is another.Skip this in the theater. Wait for it to come to NetFlix and then forget to put it in your cue. You'll thank me.
6 I didn't have high expectation from this movie. I have watched several documentaries and movies about the assassination of Heydrich. So I knew of all the details. My review is from that perspective. I really didn't want to see another movie about the assassination details...how many times can you see a movie about the same thing? ....I was pleasantly surprised, when at the beginning of the movie, it was about Heydrich the man, something I knew very little about...his journey to becoming a mass murderer. Jason Clarke did a wonderful job portraying Heydrich. You could see the evil in his cold eyes....but half way through the movie, it shifted back to a movie about the assassination and the Czech resistance. So no different than any other movie about the assassination...I wish they kept the assassination story out of the movie; it would have been much more powerful in my opinion. The way they started the movie was excellent and that should have been enough of a background to the rest of the movie about Heydrich the man. I also thought Rosamund Pike's role was completely unnecessary to the story. They could have made the movie without her as far as I'm concerned. They really don't need to have a female lead character in EVERY movie...that is a lazy approach and formula.
6 So many personal projects of our best players never come out quite right. The vision they have somehow doesn't translate to the screen, or it's not box office subject matter, or maybe the actors aren't gifted with writing or directing talent. That's certainly not the case with Good Will Hunting which was not only the breakthrough film for Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, but it will probably remain their most personal endeavor. Not too much imagination was required though because these guys set this film in their native Boston the city they grew up in, the city they seem to know every nook and cranny of. They didn't even have to lose the New England accents they would have to in most of their other films.When Matt and Ben wrote Good Will Hunting the fact they were able to interest a top director like Gus Van Sant in the project should have said something before one views a frame of film. Van Sant got an Oscar nominated performance for Matt Damon and a Supporting Actor Oscar for Robin Williams as the psychologist who counsels Damon.Will Hunting is this average lower middle class kid from South Boston who was in the foster care system and suffered a lot of abuse while growing up. He has some low level jobs, he's constantly getting in trouble with the law for minor scrapes, and he's a functioning genius who for kicks solves a highly complex mathematical equation between buffing floors at MIT.Which perks the interest of Stellan Skarsgaard highly touted mathematics professor there. He feels and I agree with him that one of the worst sins in the world is wasting the talent the Deity blesses you with, whatever it is. After a succession of therapists who are unable to cope with Damon's genius, Robin Williams gets his turn at bat.Robin Williams one of the wildest, wackiest, most innovative comics that ever walked the earth, drops all of that to deliver a highly sensitive performance as the psychologist who finally reaches Damon on some level. What Damon does with it is for you to see Good Will Hunting for.Some of that breakthrough is achieved with the help of Minnie Driver, a British student at Harvard who falls hard for the blue collar Will Hunting. Most of it is achieved though in the film's key scene as Ben Affleck tells him that no matter what your IQ is, if you don't use it and move up and on, you're the stupidest guy here. It's one of Affleck's best scenes in his whole career on film.I've known a few Will Huntings in my day, blessed with talent I would like to have had and who threw it away for a combination of reasons. One in particular I knew back in the Eighties was a kid who originally grew up in Virginia in the Blue Ridge Mountain country to some really uneducated hicks. They discovered he was gay and immediately had him committed. Back in the day, they did all kinds of things to him like electroshock therapy and guess what, it all didn't work. But it left him a twisted and bitter person who gravitated to the new gay rights movement because it was something that finally validated him as a human being.He also was blessed with an incredible baritone singing voice, he could have sang opera had that been trained instead of his parents trying to change his orientation. But when I last saw him in the middle Eighties no one had or could reach him. He made a living running a cleaning service for apartments. If he couldn't sing militant songs of protest he wasn't interested, even if he could have reached millions more with his issues had he studied, learned, and developed.Unlike Will Hunting, Jimmy Flowers wasn't reached as far as I know. But Matt Damon and Ben Affleck in writing their Oscar winning original screenplay could have known him. So I'm sure they won't mind if I dedicated this review to Jimmy whether he's alive or no longer with us. I'm sure there are Jimmy Flowers and Will Huntings that we've all known and hopefully we have the wit to recognize the talent whatever it is and the encouraging nature to make people develop that talent.
6 Denzel Washington stars as Roman J. Israel, Esq. a mildly savant criminal defense attorney whose life is turned upside down when his longtime law partner passes away. Suddenly the passionate civil rights attorney who thanks to his fiery demeanor should stay far away from an actual courtroom, is left looking for a job. He is forced to settle for working for George Pierce (Colin Farrell) a successful defense attorney, whom Roman views as a profiteer who doesn't care about his clients. The entire ordeal breaks Roman, who sells out his ideals and loses sight of who he was.Denzel gives a good performance as the extremely passionate and slightly eccentric Roman J. Israel Esq., but Roman's penchant for long rambling speeches made for tedious viewing. Colin Farrell's Pierce develops into a much deeper character than he originally appears to be and is utilized well. However, while Roman's struggle to find his identity is the core of the film it never really is able to captivate. Ultimately the film settles in as an interesting character study that struggles to come together as anything more than that. While many would be content with that, it is a disappointing follow up for Dan Gilroy after his excellent debut with Nightcrawler.
6 Horrible movie......Duke dies in the first 30 minutes, storm shadows resurrection is never explained, destro is off the team??? then why does cobra commander save him in the first one. Zartan really killed snake eyes/storm shadows master in a plot to turn storm bad? how old is zartan then? plus when storm shadow does the unspeakable and joins the joes and kills zartan,shouldn't he still be alive despite getting stabbed due to the nanomytes? he only cuts half his face off in front of the pres. then to make things funnier bruce willis out of no where has a team of old timers to join their mission to save the world. oh yeah, and firefly gets killed, one of the coolest cobra villains. aside from all of that garbage, the movie seemed liked it jumped too much, the action didn't tie in well and when there was action, it was minimal with no big epic joe/cobra scenes. not even worth renting...
6 This movie was strangely therapeutic for someone. If you hate your kids or don't understand your parents this movie is for you.Nicolas Cage is at his best here as a dad going through a mid-life crisis just when some strange outbreak of savagery has every parent trying to kill there offspring like hamsters eating their young.Selma Blair gives an equally excellent performance as a Mom trying to bond with a daughter she use to be close to before she became a teenager.And Last but not least is Lance Henriksen as grandpa Vietnam vet, the cherry on top of this crazy sundae.It's a bizarre horror-styled film that just keeps getting more berserk as the film goes on. The filmmakers must all have children, as it captures perfectly the frustration that comes with giving up your life for someone else and not fully realizing it until there is nothing to do to change it.Love the style of the movie too. The music composed for the film is really excellent. Not to mention I love the way the camera moves around the actors.Also loved how natural Mom and Dad made the killing of your spawns. Overall, this movie does it for me and I highly recommend.
6 As a film buff, I love seeing films alone on Saturday afternoons or Friday nights. As as result of my frequent attendance, I have come to know not to expect much from action blockbuster films. Yes, you get your usual incomprehensible hand-to-hand fights, buildings exploding and enemy gunfire as inaccurate as ever, with the inevitably minimal plot and screenplay. As the ending credits rolled, I stood up thinking "ehhh". The film definitely had some amazingly entertaining action sequences and awesome special effects, but you know, you can't really be THAT amazed with an action film. Not gonna lie, the screenplay in this film was pretty well written, and it included quite a few pleasantly surprising laughs. Dwayne Johnson has a big few months ahead of him with the release of Snitch (which I give a 7/10), the next Fast and Furious movie, and Pain & Gain. With this film, he did reinforce his true acting credentials, even though not much notable acting is observed in such a genre. All in all, if you're expecting something like Olympus Has Fallen, you might be dissatisfied. If you go in like me, with no true expectations other than hoping for some entertainment, you might like what you see.
6 I'm right on the fence on Ghost Wars. The first episode was somewhat intriguing, but the second was lackluster and I always gave up the series then. But I decided to watch the next one, which jumped to different characters and introduced sci-fi elements to the fantasy/horror. The premise seems rather fuzzy so far. Malicious ghosts have taken over a town and are wreaking havoc, and there's this one guy who has always been able to see ghosts who goes from town weirdo to town's only hope. But I have little sense of a structure beyond that; so far this has been very episodic with characters shifting in and out and no clear sense of what sort of story arc we're getting.It's filmed serviceably, and the performances are generally serviceable, although the only standout is Vincent D'Onofrio as a redneck priest.There are some logic issues. I'm pretty sure I know how to resolve the navigational issues in the second episode and I find it weird that no one suggests it. At the same time, I do get a sense that the creators are making a very sincere attempt to build a complete world with lots of moving parts in the way of something like Fortitude. Although I'm not sure if they're going to be able to pull it off.So, for now I'll keep watching. But four episodes in I'm still unsure how long I'll stay with this.
6 Saw this back to back with The Commuter. I wouldn't go so far as to say Henson outshines Neeson. But it's damn close. Was expecting more from him, less from her. So strange that it turned out the other way around. Both very predictable. You expect that from Mary but not from people on a train. Unfortunately after opening with the best use of song since Denzel drove out of Los Angeles in Roman J. Israel, Esq. it goes flat. No reason not to see it. Not much else out right now. How much of an endorsement is that.
6 "The House Bunny" has a funny concept and what looks like a "Legally Blonde" form of execution. If Anna Faris, most commonly known as the one portraying/making fun of the Neve Campbell "Scream" role in the "Scary Movies" was ever going to become the next big female comedienne the time would be now. She showed she was willing to make fun of herself in those movies but I still wonder if she can play a sincere, actual human being rather than a character meant to be the punch line most of the time. "Bunny" was written by "Blonde" screenwriters Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith so that could be good news but a lot of the weight of this movie is going to rest on the shoulders of it star. Reese Witherspoon made that movie what it was and the big question here is, can Faris do the same? She plays Shelley, a ditzy playboy bunny with big dreams of becoming the next centerfold who instead is tossed out on her ass by Hugh after her 27th birthday. Shelley went from the orphanage to the mansion so she never quite got the fill gist of the outside world. Now homeless and with very few survival skills, she has no idea what to do next. Just through happenstance, she encounters something that looks like a mini Playboy mansion but is in fact the best college sorority on campus. They decline her for house mother but she finds a home with the Zeta sorority, a group of misfit girls, led by Natalie (Emma Stone), who seriously need to improve their image and attract new members in order to stop the college from closing their house. Enter Shelley to give the girls make-overs.This movie made me laugh out loud twice. One involved the manhole cover joke in the trailer, and the other was a really good jab at Bob Saget. The rest of the movie is likable and has a nice message but really can't seem to wring that many laughs out of a good premise. It's a parody against the bimbo ideology, first having Shelley turn the girls into mindless, skimpy-looking prostitutes only to realize later that you also have to have substance too. Sometimes it gets a few chuckles and other times it comes off looking embarrassingly sitcom-ish, like when Shelley tries to look brainy to impress a guy by wearing very thick glasses that make her dizzy, but overall the script isn't as smart or funny as "Legally Blonde" and that hurts its chances. The movie also treats some of the secondary characters in really bad taste, like a girl whose such a misfit she actually talks like Frankenstein and walks like Igor, and I was confused by some others, like a girl who supposedly is bad with boys and yet is pregnant.I was also confused by the mental abilities of the main character. At times she seems dumber than dirt and at other times she seems almost profound. That she works regardless of this has less to do with the script and more to do with Anna Faris. I don't think this will be the star-making role I thought it would be for her but she gives Shelley a very sweet, genial nature and she is willing to throw herself into silly situations with an innocent and goofy charm. Emma Stone is also pretty funny in this movie, dialing up the dorky meter to about an 8. I feel bad for Colin Hanks though. This kid just doesn't seem to be getting many chances to shine, and here he's wasted as the romantic lead in a movie that's pretty low on the romance."The House Bunny" begins, middles, and ends like most college movies do, just unfortunately its not funny or clever enough to distract from the generic plotting. Most of the secondary characters are also wasted as well but maybe, it will put Anna Faris on some people's radars. She is a very funny comic actress and with the right script, its possible she could be the next big thing.
6 I am a fan of Nicholas Sparks and I am a softy for cute love stories. So...when I saw the trailer for "Forever My Girl", I really wanted to see it. So...I bought it on DVD and was super excited! While the movie had me smiling a lot, I also thought that Liam and Josie moved pretty fast for him leaving her at the alter and being away for 7,8 years. Other than that it was a cute movie.
6 If one wants to remake a movie, the best option is probably to choose and original that was good, but not a great classic. Clearly, any attempt to remake a concept that failed first time around is fraught with danger, but an attempt to remake a classic runs the risk that one's film will be unfavourably compared with the original. The original 1968 film of 'Planet of the Apes' is one of cinema's great science fiction classics. More than an adventure story, it touches on some of the concerns of the late sixties- the fear of nuclear war, race relations- and also raises more fundamental issues about the relationship between man and nature, the relationship between religion and science, Darwinism and animal rights. It was therefore a brave move on Tim Burton's part to try and remake it. The main concept of Tim Burton's film is basically similar to Franklin Schaffner's. An astronaut from Earth travels to a planet ruled by intelligent apes. Humans exist on this planet, but they are regarded as an inferior species, despised and exploited by the apes. There is, however, an important difference. In the original film, the apes are the only intelligent and articulate beings on the planet. Although they have only attained a pre-industrial level of civilization (they have firearms, but no power-driven machinery, and no means of transport other than the horse or horse-drawn vehicles), they are a far more advanced species than the planet's human inhabitants, who lack the powers of speech and reason and live an animal-like existence. In Burton's remake, humans and apes have similar powers of speech and intellect; it is only the apes' greater physical strength that enables them to dominate the planet and to treat the humans as slaves. It was this ironic role-reversal, with apes behaving like men and men behaving like beasts, that gave Schaffner's film its satirical power. That film was advertised with the slogan 'Somewhere in the Universe, there must be something better than man!', and the apes are indeed, in some respects, better than man. Their law against killing others of their kind, for example, is much more strictly observed than our commandment that 'Thou shalt do no murder'. There is no sense that the apes are bad and the humans good. Even Dr Zaius, the orang-utan politician, is not a wicked individual; by the standards of his society he is an honourable and decent one. His weakness is that of excessive intellectual conservatism and unwillingness to accept opinions that do not fit in with his preconceived world view. (In this respect the apes are very human indeed). Burton's film takes a less subtle moral line. It is a straightforward story of a fight for freedom. The villains are most of the apes, especially the fanatical, human-hating General Thade. The heroes are Captain Davidson, the astronaut from Earth, the planet's human population who long for freedom from the domination of the apes, and a few liberal, pro-human apes, especially Ari, the daughter of an ape senator. The apes are more aggressive and more obviously animals than in the original film; they still frequently move on all fours and emit fierce shrieks whenever angry or excited. There are some things about this film that are good, especially the ape make-up which is, for the most part, more convincing than in the original film and allows the actors more scope to show emotion. (I say 'for the most part' because Ari looks far less simian than do most of the other apes- Tim Burton obviously felt that the audience would be more likely to accept her as a sympathetic character if she looked half-human). The actors playing apes actually seem more convincing than those playing humans. Tim Roth is good as the militaristic Thade, as is Helena Bonham-Carter as Ari. Mark Wahlberg, on the other hand, is not an actor of the same caliber as Charlton Heston, who played the equivalent role in the original film, and Estella Warren has little to do other than look glamorous. (Heston has a cameo role as an ape in Burton's film, and even gets to repeat his famous line 'Damn you all to hell'). Overall, however, the film is a disappointment when compared to the original, a simple science-fiction adventure story as opposed to an intelligent and philosophical look at complex issues. It tried to copy the device of a surprise ending but failed. Schaffner's famous final twist is shocking, but makes perfect sense in the context of what has gone before. Burton's makes no sense whatsoever.Tim Burton can be a director of great originality, but with 'Planet of the Apes' he fell into the standard Hollywood trap of trying to copy what had already been done and remaking a film that never needed to be remade. It was good to see him return to form with the brilliant 'Big Fish', one of the best films of last year. 6/10
6 I went with my mother and my nine-year-old niece to see "The House Bunny" in the early morning in a relatively empty theater where there were only women. Of course it won't be the most memorable movie I've seen, but for late August, it's not all that bad.Comedienne Anna Faris is perfectly cast as a carefree, big-haired and hare-brained Playboy bunny who after celebrating her 27th birthday (that's 59 in bunny years) at the Playboy Mansion, where she has lived much of her life, gets kicked out of there by yours truly, Hugh Hefner. With nowhere to turn, she looks at a sorority house that seems to resemble her previous house, only not as big. There, she accepts the job of a house mother to seven social misfits who make up the sorority Zeta Alpha Zeta. They need 23 more pledges before they are totally ousted as a campus sorority by the beautiful but snooty Pi Alphu Mu sorority.Do the clichés sound familiar? Yes, they do. It seems like the creators of this movie grew up on "Revenge of the Nerds," one of my all-time favorite movies and the granddaddy of all jocks vs. nerds and losers who become winner comedies. So they decided to make a "Nerds" comedy a generation later with a feminist perspective. Faris's character, appropriately named Shelly Darlingson, first takes on all the wallflowers and makes them like her with flashy clothes, heavy makeup, costume jewelry, and platform shoes. At first, it is successful and boys fall for them. Soon enough, they see Shelly as frivolous and teach her to have brains as well as beauty. This leads Shelly to a forced, clumsy conversation with the man of her dreams (Colin Hanks, son of Tom Hanks). At the end of the movie, everyone wins except for the Pi Alpha Mu sorority.There is a fine cast. Anna Faris perks everything up in what could have been a total lamebrainer. Her appearance and high voice get laughs, but when she does a dead-on "Exorcist" voice by saying everyone's names in order to remember them, that is the real deal. Colin Hanks and fellow Hollywood Offspring Rumer Willis, daughter of Demi Moore (and looks a lot like her) and Bruce Willis, provide able support. Katharine McPhee, the American Idol Runner Up of 2006, is made first ugly, then beautiful, as one of the sorority members. Listen for an "Idol" reference in which Faris tells Hanks she listens to Paula and Randy and that Simon is mean. The rest of the cast is amiable as well. We tend to know more about Shelly and the misfit sorority than the snobby girls or the hunky boys. Small parts by Beverly D'Angelo as a snide veteran house mother and Christoper McDonald as the prissy dean are provided nicely as well.Now I would not put this on a must see list, but it is okay for a lazy day. As they dump out leftover movies for the summer, I would rather see this than a truly terrible one I was made to see with a friend - "Stepbrothers," where Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly did nothing but scream their heads off and I was so exhausted the night before that I fell asleep and could barely stay awake. For "The House Bunny," I was awake the whole time through.
6 Ok, the plot device of Once rising star falling into alcoholism because of tragedy in life is a little overplayed. But the movie doesn't work it has a lot of twist interns to it my main complaint about the movie is that sometimes the dialogue is almost unintelligible.
6 While this movie pretty much ignores the history, it's still a good movie, great CGI, good acting and the ending implies a sequel. Many have commented that Vlad was not a good guy in real life, hence the historical figures title of the "impaler". The movie does show this in a few scenes but in a interesting if somewhat brief way.Good action scenes, battles and some gory images, but then as it's Dracula, what do you expect.If your looking for a movie to just sit back and have fun watching, Dracula Untold is an enjoyable romp with good actors, Charles Dance is impeccable as always and Luke Evans is good as the main character.
6 The Flinstones This is what you'd call a "cute" movie, the cuteness mainly being the funny takeoff on objects, such as regular household appliances, that you see in here caveman-era-style. Most of those are prehistorical creatures having to perform the tasks of cleaning, but they are clever and funny to watch. In fact, there are so many of them it's tough to catch all of them. It would take a number of viewing to fully appreciate all the visuals in here.When I first saw this, I expected a really stupid movie. I had enjoyed but not been a big fan of the animated "Flintsones" series on TV, and thought this would be more of the same except with real actors. Actually, it was much better and had a surprisingly good cast for such a lightweight cartoon comedy.I mean, who would expect a big star like Elizabeth Taylor to be in this movie? She had the funniest lines, too, I thought. Her put-downs of poor "Fred" (the rotund John Goodman is perfectly cast) included lines such as, "the only good thing you provide for my daughter is shade." This is quite an eclectic cast with the likes of Taylor, Goodman, Rick Moranis, Rosie O'Donnell, Elizabeth Perkins, Kyle MacLaughlan and Halle Berry.As for the kids, there is no language problem in here, although they inserted the obviously- and-purposely misspelled word, "fuk" on a headline in a newspaper Fred was reading. (Hollywood just can't help itself.)
6 I didn't have this theory about "The Princess Bride" for years, until I came close to the age of the grandfather that Peter Falk portrays.Here's my theory. The grandfather goes to the bedside of his grandson, portrayed by Fred Savage, prepared to do what grandfathers do - read him a story. But no, the grandson protests. Does it have sports in it? This is a silly "yucky" story full of kissing. Skip the kissing parts! So the grandfather decides to teach the grandson a lesson (the beginning of my theory). He takes what was probably a straightforward tale of love lost and found again, of giants and evil princes and rescues and magic spells, and embellishes it with the wisdom that can only come from living sixty years on this planet. Because, let's face it, The Princess Bride as we are told has much wisdom in it.What are the chances that a story that has been around for a hundred years has lines such as "You fell victim to one of the classic blunders - the most famous of which is "never get involved in a land war in Asia". Only somebody who lived through the Vietnam War era (the grandfather) would come up with this. Too bad Dubya wasn't read this book as a child. Then there is the bit about the Dread Pirate Roberts - an unseen villain who turns out to be a series of villains. He would tuck Wesley into bed each night after he captured him and say "Good night, Westley. Good work. Sleep well. I'll most likely kill you in the morning." What other sentence so captures the sentiment of working for large corporations these days who will throw you out into the street without a backwards glance? The book hits how people believe something is real or not real based merely on their feelings about it with this zinger as Wesley carries the princess through a dangerous swamp. She cautions him about the ROUS's (Rodents of Unusual Size). Wesley's defense - "I don't think they exist". One immediately attacks.And finally a great quote about love. An angry Prince Humperdinck after being rejected by Buttercup goes to where Wesley is about to be tortured and states "You truly love each other, and so you might have been truly happy. Not one couple in a century has that chance, no matter what the storybooks say." Only after kissing frogs for decades can I say this is so true. And on it goes.Thus most of the wisdom of living modern life can be found in this tale within a tale, and I highly recommend it for its humor, its wisdom, and uniqueness. I don't think I've seen anything quite like it.
6 Imagine what would happen if you took 8 or 10 criminals of various professions, threw them into a maze, gave one of the criminals a diamond the size of a fist, and yelled out load, "SOMEONE IN THIS MAZE HAS A HUGE DIAMOND!  WHOEVER FINDS IT AND IS THE LAST MAN STANDING, WINS!" What do you think would happen?  Snatch is what happens.Snatch is a confusing, twisting, crazy movie.  Let me repeat that.  This movie is crazy!  Imagine the Mr. Toad's Wild Ride at Disney Word on acid, and this is what you get my friend.  Believe it or not, this mass confusion and complete insanity is very, very entertaining.The movie has it's problems.  First off, for those of you who have seen Snatch's predecessor, (Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels), you know that Guy Richie (the writer and director of both films) has a very music-video style as far as the camera angles, movements, and cinematography goes.  The strange camera techniques get so mad with lunacy that I noticed people walking out of the theater.  I was also turned off by this madness. However, most of this insane crap gets over within the first hour, so it doesn't last.If any of you people out there loved Lock Stock as much as I did, do yourself a favor and see this movie as fast as you can.  Snatch is a bit more serious than Lock Stock, but when it's funny, you'll laugh till your lungs burst.  It was nice to see Vinnie Jones, who was Big Chris in the last movie, return as the same basic character (only now named Bullet Tooth Tony) and doing the same "slamming victim's head in a car door" act again.  The performances were just as great as Lock Stock, with Jason Statham and Pitt leading the pack.  I was disappointed to see that Bendicio Del Toro didn't have a bigger role.  I was expecting him to be a lead character, but he's not.So, in conclusion, if you have never seen Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels, I would see that first before seeing Snatch so you can get adjusted to Guy Richie's style.  I still think that it is stupid to compare either two movies to Pulp Fiction (unlike most people), but it is in the same ballpark as Pulp.  That means if you liked Pulp, you will most likely like Snatch and Lock, Stock.  If you have never seen Pulp or Lock Stock, you have deprived your life of culture.9/10
6 Adam Sandler is getting pretty solid at producing and acting in quasi-poignant tales that get him somewhat further away - and, ultimately, closer to (doesn't make sense, I know) - from his proto-Sandler-style of filmmaking that has his vaguely proto-typical cast of characters - hapless, hopeless geeks, improbable ladies' man, a "nice guy" that all the ladies want, but still seem to settle on the douches. Sandler brings his "crew" together - former/current SNLers, Allen Covert (who is pretty much in every Sandler movie that I can think of), and some heavy-hitters occasionally. "The Wedding Singer," "Grown-Ups," and, now, "Just Go With It" all pander to this amiable style of film-making that is at times borderline gross-out - but just pulls away before you realize this probably isn't an Apatow-slacker movie, nor is attempting to be.Sandler is a plastic surgeon who long ago accidentally discovered he could play the "my wife is a terrible person who abuses me" card to score with hot chicks at the bar. Fact is he's not actually married - he and/or his wife left him at the altar many years before when he discovered she really didn't like him - but he's become so comfortable with lying to score with the chicks he just doesn't care - or seem to. Jennifer Aniston is his office assistant, a sweet, single gal with 2 kids. She doesn't much care for how he deals with the ladies, but she still likes him because she sees what a sweet guy he really is under the surface of his rather devious womanizing that all starts with a lie.Sandler meets the bounteous and beautiful - and, very young - Brooklyn Decker at a party. They sleep together on the beach and in the morning Decker discovers he's "married." Sandler immediately throws a lie out there - he IS in fact, married (wait, no he's not, but it's all a lie anyway) but he's in the process of getting a divorce because his relationship with his wife - again, playing the same card - is very bad. Decker somehow believes him and off we go with the rest of the movie where Aniston agrees to be his fake wife and ultimately go off on a vacation with Decker, Sandler, Aniston's kids, and Nick Swanson as the court jester/boob (basically a version of Rob Schneider from Sandler's other "Happy Madison" movies) who pretends to be Aniston's boyfriend.There are a lot of funny setups and jokes - enough to enjoy the movie, for sure, even if they do clearly seem to be Sandler-ish in their obviousness. Hey, he's a plastic surgeon, let's see where we might milk that. Decker is half his and Aniston's age - let's see where we might milk that. Swanson is an often over-the-top boob - let's see where we can grab some silly jokes there. Aniston's kids - the daughter, especially - are good for quite a few laughs as well.I half expected Decker to be pretty bad, but she does just fine. She is playing against top comedic talent here - though honestly Sandler nearly seems on auto-pilot in most of his movies - and nowhere is Jessica Simpson-like delivery in evidence. It hardly needs to be said she is being used for her looks more than her supposed talent, but her ability to transcend the "Hey, I'm just here to be a C-cup blond bimbo in a bikini" obviousness of her role is commendable. Sandler is notorious - or very successful, depending on your perspective - in bringing in at least one or two pieces of eye candy to most of his films, but in a manner that is less blatant or purely perverse. Yes, Sandler likes hiring hot chicks, but he also likes the good/nice guy to have a shot with her, which makes most of us nerds feel at least a little bit more hopeful. Decker and Aniston both of course fill this role, quite well.While clearly not an intentional Oscar-winner, Sandler proves he is again capable of making a funny, somewhat poignant, generally enjoyable PG-13-bordering-on-R-rated film.
6 The script had all the potential which got executed by a mediocre cast, which in turn made the movie less exiciting. There were many scenes which simply stood out very artificially executed by the cast, particularly by the female lead of the movie. Not really a big screen watch.
6 I have seen this movie many times and yet it still astonishes me every time I watch it.  Even though I know the ending I still feel myself being caught up in the plot.  It is possibly one of the greatest scripts of all time.  I can't remember another movie in which I was completely astonished at the finale.  The cast gives a tremendous performance.  Kevin Spacey gives one of his two best performances (the other being as John Doe in Se7en) in my opinion.  That is probably why he was awarded Best Actor for this role.  It was truly deserved.  Gabriel Byrne also gives a great performance.  It may be the best character Stephen Baldwin has ever played.  In all, this is a must for any movie collector or enthusiast.
6 I absolutely agree with Roger Ebert who called "My Neighbor Totoro", "One of the most beloved of all family films". Its colorfully bright and sparkling animation is enchanting. It is incredibly realistic and at the same time makes us along with two main characters, the young sisters ready for a miracle to happen any minute. The gentle story is touching, uplifting, funny, and tender without being overly sentimental or didactic. The film takes place in the early 50s, when 10-year-old Satsuki and her baby sister, curious and energetic 4-year-old Mei spend one summer in an old house in the country side with their University professor father while their mother recovers from a serious illness in the nearby hospital. The great master Hayao Miyazaki remembers well what it is like to be a child, to see magic in the everyday life and be always ready to encounter it. This ability usually disappears as the child becomes adult but it stays forever in a few chosen, and they become the visionary Artists - just like Miyazaki himself. The film is partially autobiographical for the writer/director/storyboard artist. "When Miyazaki and his brothers were children, his mother suffered from spinal tuberculosis for nine years, and spent much of her time hospitalized. It is implied, yet never revealed in the film, that Satsuki and Mei's mother also suffers from tuberculosis. He once said the film would have been too painful for him to make if the two protagonists were boys instead of girls." (From the IMDb film trivia)Totoro of the title is an adorable funny blue forest spirit who lives in the nest beneath a huge tree and makes the trees grow and the winds blow. Totoro becomes the friend and protector of the sisters and one day he sends them on the bus journey that is like nothing they and the viewers could ever imagine. I wish I could ride that cat bus. What a wild and kind imagination an artist should have to create it. How much happier we all are knowing that Hayao Miyazaki exists and makes his amazing films at the Studio Ghibli for which King Totoro is the mascot.
6 Queen of the Desert breaks form with several other Herzog movies: A female lead character, a grand Hollywood-like production and most interesting: a different perspective on the culture-nature dichotomy and the effects of cultural distance that almost forms the core of Herzog's work.It tells the story of Gertrude Bell (Kidman), an English writer and traveler who became more and more influential in the Middle East region through her unprecedented travels where she formed bonds with several future postcolonial leaders. Later in life she became involved in politics and helped to found several nation states (and determine its borders), along which Jordan and Iraq through the Hashemite dynasties. She worked in close cooperation with T.E. Lawrence (Pattison).It is always interesting to see what's left out of the story: her efforts to establish the new countries were far more extreme and tiresome (plus the real reason Iraq was founded: cost-cutting by the British Empire), her witnessing of the Armenian genocide and slave trade, her actual spying role, her relative poverty, illness and depression later in life. What is paid attention to elaborately are her love interests (well played by Franco and Lewis), both ending in tragedy. But too much are we watching a watered-down, Hollywood interpretation of Bell by Kidman and not the real strong and intelligent woman she obviously had to be handling the complexities of deal making in the region.Yet some typical trademarks of Herzog still shine through: travel to unknown, unmapped places where people find their cultural beliefs and visions on reality tested. In Herzog's world, venturing into nature from the cultural boundaries of existence always leads to suffering and destruction, mankind being unable to conquer the forces of nature. What makes this movie then atypical in the work of Herzog is that Bell finds solace and fulfillment through that process. Also atypical is the time we spent inside: these scenes inside the bastions of power are unfortunately not the best in the movie, and in the landscape scenes, Herzog seems much more on his turf.Herzog always saw himself as resisting the banality of the images film is projecting, but here he somewhat contributes to that process. Despite that Queen of the Desert is still very watchable, informative and yes, even entertaining.
6 The screenplay sucks big time, the dialog fills contrite, the acting awkward, Ethan Hawk acted quite awkward from the very beginning like a B movie actor. The way he could use some device to cancel a passenger flight is even ridiculous. The guy could fly all over the world and landed himself to meet the Chinese woman was even more ridiculous. Then he suddenly became a pick-up artist to move in to her and successfully invited her to dinner. Jesus, what a charming man. I guess this is another film invested by some Chinese rich guys, otherwise the screenplay and the director would not have turned out so bad and so lame. I couldn't hold my interest to keep watching this lousy film over twenty minutes since the plot, the scenarios, the dialog and acting just so badly mixed up into a stinking crap, qualified to directly release to B movie DVD rentals in supermarkets. For me, even paying a dollar for the rental is kinda expensive.
6 Full disclosure, I only watched the pilot, but the pilot is supposed to grab you and force you to watch the series. Not here. By the time the episode was over, I didn't care about any of the characters. One and done, and that's probably what'll happen at the end of the season, if it makes it that far.
6 Actually, I was quite surprised at how much fun I thought this movie was. Hardly perfect by any measure and, sure, there were some elements that were intrusive, but I found it to be quite faithful to the TV show - it used plots and elements from the early episodes. Even with the newer designs, they incorporated older aspects - the planet REALLY looked like a better version of one of their old sets.Furthermore, Oldman managed to peg Dr. Smith perfectly, taking in all the old camp elements and putting them to very good use - even using some old catch phrases in different ways.As diversionary, light sci-fi adventure goes, I thought this was great and I'm usually very picky about this kind of thing. It was fun and a pretty good kids' movie.The only thing really missing was Billy Mumy.
6 "Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it's time to pause and reflect." - Mark Twain The "teaching genre". Typically these films deify heroic teachers whose classrooms are havens at odds with the conformity or mediocrity that plagues the rest of the institution. In this regard, these films merely take familiar stories about admirable loners and nonconformists and place them in an educational setting in which the school milieu is fairly incidental.Films like "Stand and Deliver", "Dead Poets Society", "Mr Holland's Opus", "To Sir, with Love", "Dangerous Minds", "Coach Carter", "Mona Lisa Smile", "Music of the Heart", "Blackboard Jungle", "School of Rock", "Little Man Tate", "Dangerous Minds", "Freedom Writers", "Pay It Forward" etc etc all follow the same narrative progression, the inspirational white/black teacher moving to a school where he/she is forced to deal with various problems (racial tensions, student apathy, learning difficulties and institutional barriers), all of which he/she solves by delivering inspirational messages in offbeat ways.Very few "teaching films" deviate from this formula. Some of the best that do are perhaps Frederick Wiseman's "High School", "High School 2" and "State Legislature", Laurent Cantet's "The Class", Nick Ray's "Bigger Than Life", Olivier's "Term of Trial", 2002's "To Be and To Have", and "The Prime of Mrs Jean Brodie", with Maggie Smith. For the most part, though, cinema has failed to produce many interesting "teaching movies".And so "Dead Poets" is another mushy "teacher flick" which advocates "independence" and "non conformity" by sticking to a very generic and clichéd movie formula. Here, the maverick teacher is played by Robin Williams, a wacky guy who inspires his band of students to "seize the day" and "chase their dreams".The film was directed by Peter Weir, and so it has a certain classiness which, at first glance, seems to differentiate it from the pack; it's low-key at times, well acted and beautifully shot. It's only during "Poet's" last half hour that we realise how much we've been conned. And so as Weir's plot draws toward a typical "I am Spartacus!" ending (you'll know it when you see it), we begin to grasp how goofy the picture really is, the film populated by one dimensional adults, villainous kids, ridiculously stuck-up parents and a plot which reduces the art of poetry to a couple selectively chosen one liners, all designed to illicit "rebelliousness" and "non conformity".So serious is the film in its message, that it even has one kid commit suicide because he is unable to break free of his father's wishes. In other words, conformity literally kills, physically as well as spiritually. This is a worthwhile message, but the film is so conventionally manipulative in its final half, that all power quickly fizzles out.For a film which pretends to profess a love for poetry, you might even call this flick anti-poetry. Early in the film, Robin Williams draws a graph on a blackboard which he says is used to "measure the worth of a poem". On one axis of the graph is a poem's "importance" or "depth", on the other axis of the graph its "perfection" or "technique", the implication being that a work of art which succeeds on both axes, or very highly on one, is discernibly "better" than others. Williams then erases this graph and orders his pupils to tear it out of their textbooks. You cannot measure the objective worth of art, he says, only what that art means to you personally.Later, one kid who spends hours and hours toiling over his poems, discarding them all because he doesn't think them any good, is put in front of the classroom and told to "let go" and "just say what comes into your head". Suddenly he becomes like all the other students in the film, able to magically and whimsically create great poetry. What the film is advocating is not some kind of objectively great poetry, which artists strive for and toil to create, but misusing poetry as a metaphor for a kind of whimsical freedom of expression; nothing matters other than your own subjective feelings and opinions. Nothing matters, other than you conforming to your desires, embracing your right to free speech and impulsively doing and saying what you want at any particular moment. This isn't poetry, this isn't artistic expression, it's just a kind of self-obsessed, narcissistic, rash impulsiveness.Now look at all the things the students in the film use poetry to achieve. It's all sex, girls, dancing or throwing things away. Very simple, egotistical, hedonistic or impulsive things. Children and people with bipolar disorder have been shown to act with more impulsivity than other people. Artists, of course, are themselves often described as being childish (or possessing a child's imagination) and are more prone to being bipolar. What the film is unconsciously doing is tapping into the whole "artist as free" and "art as childish impulsiveness" cliché, without marrying it to anything truly substantial.The limits of this approach are best observed in the film's final scenes. The young artists are given the chance to save their teacher, but instead choose to save themselves. They've never been taught, through poetry or art, to really stand up for anything of value external to themselves. Only later, when their teacher is kicked out of school, do they impulsively stand on their desks and show him support. But of course now it's a wasted gesture.Significantly, the one kid who "stands up" in defence of his teacher is the one kid who was serious about poetry and seemed sceptical of William's character. His act of "standing up" is the only true act of rebellion in the film, the artist putting himself on the line, standing up for something worthwhile. Weir completely misses the implications of this. 7.9/10 Generic. Worth one viewing. See "If" and "The Magdalene Sisters".
6 This movie is cute for one of those nights with the kids. It is a clean movie that the whole family can enjoy. Of course it is not the kind of movie you would see win any awards or get any real recognition but it is enjoyable and a nice movie for families to watch.
6 I thought Deep Blue Sea was one of the best shark movies created. I was very fascinated by the scientific part of the movie. The basis wasn't just on terror and blood. I think there's a real personal side to it for the lead character. She had watched her father suffer for years, and that drive and desire to prevent the same thing from happening to so many others gave the movie the obsession that it had. I found it refreshing that this movie had a woman obsessed with helping others instead of some risqué character obsessed with sex or violence. However, the other characters were not introduced to well. You never really found out anything about them. There were some suggestive hints about Carter having a background, but it was as if the movie left you hanging, or you got to make up whatever happened yourself.There were some bad points as well. Firstly, the relationships between the characters weren't consistent. One minute, it would seem that certain characters were just acquaintances or co-workers, and the next, they seemed to be such close friends. Though, I suppose a tragedy like that would have that effect on people. The other fact that gets me every time I watch the movie is how many times Carter falls down! Yes, sometimes it's unavoidable, but then, others, you can tell he randomly jumps and slides away. Every time they try to do anything, Carter is falling down. Also, what gets to me each time I see the movie is when the stretcher hits the window. All the cast members stand there watching. I know that if I were the room and that first chunk of glass had flown from the window, I wouldn't wait and see what happens next--I would have been running for the door long before they did.
6 The legendary Denzel Washington is associated with so many legendary roles that will forever live in the hearts of millions. And like many people, when I see he a movie of his about to release, I get excited I'm in store for another masterpiece. Enter Roman J. Israel Esq, a movie that from the trailers, held potential to be an interesting biography of a powerful legal, pro- action character that was certain to stir up trouble. Will it be powerfully emotional to fill your eyes to the brim with tears, or something else? Robbie K here to give you some insight into yet another movie this holiday season, let's get started. LIKES:The Message: Never say that a Denzel movie doesn't deliver a powerful punch in the emotional level. Roman J. Israel Esq, is another visual tribute to the topic of truth, honor, and the moral obligations of justice. The whole movie portrays the struggle of holding on to your beliefs vs. diving into the acceptable flow the public/society deems normal. We all have breaking points that push us into new areas and test our fortitude, the question is where does one cross the line and how far do they leap over it. Roman's tale shows the challenge quite well and more so what can happen when pushes the boundaries too far. It will get you thinking and perhaps question your own philosophies, assuming you can get past the other parts of this movie. The Actingkind of: Denzel still has his acting skills down pat. He portrays the awkward character quite well, capturing the serious thoughts, the quirky mannerisms, and even the speech patterns necessary for portraying the mind within. Even more impressive though, is how well he acts out the struggles of the high stakes choices that bear heavy on his mind. At times, one can feel the weight of the decisions bearing down on them, the anxiety of making the wrong choice radiating out in the sequences. His supporting cast helps open up more dilemmas to tax him, but can't say they have the most involvement in the town. The Music: The soundtrack is not the most toe tapping number, but one can appreciate the soul behind the songs selected for this movie. There selections were choice representations of the tone of the scene, sort of artistically symbolizing Rowan's mood and his answer to the current obstacles that plague him. It's a dynamic track list that constantly changes between genres, and fits so well into much of the movie, while perhaps bringing back some nostalgia for other fans. DISLIKES:The weaker character moments: Despite all the quarks Denzel got, his character isn't the most engaging or magical of the roles he has played. Past the morals he boasts, Roman just doesn't have a lot to him. He was a fairly flat character, with disinterest seeming to ooze from Denzel during much of the performance, almost like he had to really push himself to play the part. I had a hard time caring about him, the potential the trailers building failing to live up as Roman continued to just shrug more and more of the qualities I looked for. A redeeming moment at the end got the steam going, but by then it was too late and the movie was over. It also doesn't help that the supporting character actors don't seem too excited in their roles, and are just as mundane as some of Roman's personality. The characters just aren't engaged in the tale, and many aren't utilized to their full potential. Boring: The emotional trials are strong, the food for thought even more of a rewarding experience, but did the movie have to be so dull? While I never expected this film to be an action packed, guns blazing tale, I certainly didn't expect the movie to lack so much suspense. The plot didn't have enough edge, there wasn't enough action or peaceful protest, and the absence of any real villain just led to a very lackluster tale. I had to fight sleep a couple of times in this movie, though it could be due to the long work day, but a Denzel Movie is usually more charged than what I was presented. Which brings me to my next dislikeAmbiguous: The movie's biggest problem for me was how aimless the plot was. The writers didn't seem to figure out which way they wanted to take the film, is a piece about being an activist, is it a biography, is it a crime/drama? I couldn't quite figure out the myself, but they settled on a little bit of everything, but didn't hit the high-quality components of the genres. The film could have used more crime/mystery to add the suspense, perhaps with a theme surrounding the hot political issues they try to cover, all showing the skills of the whomever Roman represented. I don't fell many will enjoy the approach they took, and the ambiguous story telling that was just stale and sad than anything else. The VERDICT: It held such potential, but Roman Israel Esq, just couldn't find its ground in the grand scheme of things. Denzel tried to do the heavy lifting, and accomplishes the messages of balancing morals, but outside of that lacks any big sustenance to him. In addition, the boring pace, weaker character interactions, and ambiguous plots, the movie just fails to provide the very justice it wanted to serve. Sad to see the legendary actor have a weaker film, but this reviewer encourages you to skip this movie and focus on the treasures that have already come out for your theater viewing pleasure, all while hoping Denzel will have another Oscar worthy film in the future. My scores: Crime/Drama: 6.0 Movie Overall: 5.0
6 Let me just say the premise of this movie it's really not bad, special effects are OK, the aliens look original and their ships damn good. Bad is the drunk cameraman syndrome, spend a little money on a stable camera device. The shaking, even in the person to person really can you motion sick.It's a slow beginning but the action quickly accelerates. Great fight scenes and really good special effects. I'd recommend this movie if it were a rainy day or nothing else on TV.
6 I loved Dynasty.  It was and still is my all time favorite show.  Given that it aired once a week for an hour, I found this show both entertaining and informative, the story lines may have seemed far fetched but, only due to the time given to tell them.  For the time the show aired people found it unbelieveable, but if Dynasty aired today I am sure it would not seem as far fetched.  If these same producers came out with another show I am sure it would be just as ground breaking in its story lines as Dynasty was.  This show brought out a whole new fashion trend, a more acceptable view of the gay life style a look in to the future of corporate take overs, the awareness of casual relationships, the increasing lack of committment and faithful in marriages, the total disregard of others rights to own businesses due to greed and the need to have more.  Dynasty gave more than just campy soap it also told of what to expect in the future as a result of current actions.  Great work Mr. Spelling, any time one gives a view of future events he will be condemed.  And since Dynasty addressed so many tabu issues the powers that be were afraid to allow it to continue.  Hopefully Mr Spelling or some other producer will be bold enough to give the public a view of the future through entertaining drama.  BRAVO
6 And this is true of both the characters in the movie and the viewer. Well the latter should rather try to enjoy as much as possible. Because the science behind it all does not really mix well together. A problem that the movie is not alone with. Mingling with time and trying to make it plausible is almost impossible. Just a few have managed to get the "technical" things right or rather the things right that would seem logical.But throw logic out of the window, because this is about teenagers. And while you get the obvious "what would you change, if you could" discussion, in the end it all boils down to personal advantage (mostly). And can you blame them? The twist at the end is kind of redundant, but it's there and better than the alternate endings that can be watched on the disc/special features. Enjoyable if you don't think too much
6 The movie is an entertaining ride for the most part as long as you go into the movie prepared for something that will have no unique characters or a decent script. - I saw the movie fully expecting a bad script, characters I wouldn't like, no artful directing, and a plot that fails to do anything new or interesting. But I allowed myself to be entertained by it as a simple piece of sci-fi/monster action! This is what you must do if you go to see it!!I was mostly inspired to do this review because I think the film doesn't deserve some of the really nasty 2/10 reviews I have seen. Basically the aliens and each confrontation against them are generally exciting and save the film. Considering the film was made on quite a small budget they did a great job with the effects. I think fans of video games like the RESISTANCE series or HALF LIFE should be able to enjoy it a bit more than most. A lot of people have been to harsh on this film, it is clear from the trailer this is just another alien invasion movie. Anyone who watches it expecting a modern sci-fi classic like District 9 will be disappointed - so don't do that. Basically if you are unsure about seeing the film but enjoy sci-fi/monster movies for nothing but quick entertainment you should get something out of it.
6 I'll be honest. I did like it even as it is a slow builder and isn't frightening after all. It's even a bit of a love story and yes, you can see it all coming frommiles away what is happening.It opens great where we meet the wildling and the story is told about the wildlings. As said, it's all predictable and you do know how it will end I did like it. The turning into the wildling is really welldone. Acting above mediocre with a few thespians from the genre. Pick it up if you just want a no-brainer to start the evening.Gore 0,5/5Nudity 0/5Effects 2,5/5Story 2/5Comedy 0/5
6 This film is probably one of the worst if not the worst films to take home an Oscar. Woody Allen has made a career out of wiping his "ego" on celluloid and calling it a feature movie. It's funny how in every film of Woody Allen's, he portrays the women in it as these stupid, ditsy, uninformed containers, while he is always the all-knowing, critical, sharp-remarking, neurotic genius who has been put there to enlighten these women on the world. Of course, the relationship fails in this film, as it reflects his personal life and taste in women...Annie Hall must have been too old for his liking or possessed too much of a will or a brain. What you do get in a Woody Allen film such as this, is two hours of his crappy, shallow, dishonest diatribe that conceals the creep inside of the ego. Annie Hall feels more like a fake, constructed front for a movie rather than delving into real emotional territory, but then, we are talking about Woody Allen.
6 So so comedy, was really expecting more but sadly didn't deliver. The twist (which people seem to be mentioning) was quite predictable, but wasn't a really bad thing.Daddario isn't the best comedy actress, the rest of the cast I thought did well.Perhaps a different female lead character would have made the movie a little better, but certainly worth a watch either way for some light comedy.
6 L.A. Confidential, one of the best pictures of the '90s (in fact, it could have won the 1997 Best Picture Oscar: it's so much better than Titanic), is the definitive proof that there is no such thing as an "unfilmable" book: Curtis Hanson (with the help of co-writer Brian Helgeland) has turned James Ellroy's noir masterpiece (which is 800 pages long) into a 135-minute long modern classic. It's THE noir of the '90s!The story takes place in L.A., early '50s. It's a city where everything looks perfect, where everybody goes to become a movie star. But, as Danny De Vito's opening voice-over informs us, it's not as good as it looks: the "City of Angels" is actually run by Al Capone-clones such as Mickey Cohen (Paul Guilfoyle, aka CSI's Brass), and the police... Well, it just so happens a lot of the LAPD is among the mob's unofficial employees. And it's in this kind of environment that we first meet the three key players: Ed Exley (Guy Pearce) is an ambitious young man who wants to be as good as his dad and do his job properly, even if that includes turning in his colleagues; Bud White (Russell Crowe) is a disillusioned cop who not only accepts violence as part of the job, but even uses it as often and much as possible in his personal crusade against wife-beating men (as his partner puts it:"You're like Santa Claus with that list, Bud, Except everyone on it's been naughty"); and Jack Vincennes (Kevin Spacey) is the classic "Hollywood Cop", who gets paid by tabloids to bust coke-snorting celebrities. These three men, so different, will have to join forces when they discover their respective cases, which involve corruption, drugs, prostitution and various murders, are all linked to the Nite Owl massacre...The award-winning script's focus is on the differences and similarities that connect the three protagonists and their views on the law. Hanson has completely removed the subplots concerning Vincennes and Exley's love lives (which occupied quite a bit of the book), preferring to show us only the bond between Bud White and Lynn Bracken, a whore but also the one person who truly understands the conflict and hatred that are at the center of the brutal cop's mind and soul. She's an extraordinary person, and she's played by a great actress: Kim Basinger, who was justly given an Oscar for her performance. As for the other actors, L.A. Confidential kick-started Pearce's career, confirmed Spacey's status as Best Actor of the Decade and reminded us that James Cromwell and David Strathairn are two of the best character actors around. But it's Crowe, in his Hollywood debut, who really steals the show. Forget A Beautiful Mind, The Insider, hell, even Gladiator: this is the role that should have obtained the Academy's attention.New to the genre? This movie is a good start, alongside The Untouchables. Already a fan, and excited about Brian De Palma's upcoming adap of Ellroy's The Black Dahlia? Just keep watching L.A. Confidential in the meantime.
6 No idea why this movie is getting such low ratings from some? Maybe because its a unique way of telling a story? Anyway I enjoyed this little gem, i didn't walk out of the theatre with a new six pack from belly howling, but i was entertained the whole way through. Sometimes its best to watch for yourself and make your own mind up and give the reviews a back seat
6 "A Bad Moms Christmas" (2017 release; 104 min.) brings more from the original "bad moms". As the movie opens, we once again hear Amy introduce the story. "I am Amy Mitchell and I just ruined this year's Christmas" she tells us, amidst what appears to be a war zone in her house (and a camel walking by!). We then go back in time to "6 Days Before Christmas", where the story begins as Amy gets ready for Christmas and things start going wrong when her parents, and in particular her domineering mom, show up. In parallel stories, Kiki and Carla also get visited by their moms. At this point we are 10 min. into the movie, but to tell you more would spoil your viewing experience, you'll just have to see for yourself how it all plays out.Couple of comments: last year's "Bad Moms" was an unexpected success, and I found it to be somewhat of a delightful little move, in particular with Mila Kunis and Kristen Bell playing "against character" as the "moms gone wild" in the funniest of ways. So when a sequel was announced, I was all in. Once again co-written and co-directed by Scott Moore and Jon Lucas, nothing could go wrong, right? Sadly, I must report that this sequel is nowhere close to the original, and nowhere near as funny. Why? While in and of itself it seemed like a good idea to add the three mothers of the original bad moms to to plot, it actually resulted in this being a movie more about the mothers of the bad moms, than it is about the bad moms themselves. In particular, this is mostly about Amy and her domineering (and thoroughly unlikable) mother, although of course the other two bad moms and their mothers get plenty of screen time too. The weird thing is that, contrary to the original movie, the bad moms are no longer bad at all in any respect, in fact trying like crazy to win their mothers' approval and love and pleasing their respective loved ones as best they can. Yes, there is one scene early in the movie where the moms go crazy during a shopping mall spree, but that's about it. And then there are the male strippers scenes (yes plural), which got a lot of hollering and hooting from the theater crowd (mostly female, of course). There was no such reaction when the young girl (daughter of Amy's boyfriend, maybe 6 or so?) dropped the F bomb, not once, not twice, but multiple time. The bottom line is that Kristen Bell, Mila Kunis and Kathryn Hahn are sadly overshadowed by their mothers, played by Cheryl Hines, Christine Baranski, and Susan Sarandon, respectively."A Bad Moms Christmas" opened wide on Wednesday. The Friday evening screening where I saw this at here in Cincinnati was attended just okay (not even half full in a small theater), quite surprising for a movie's opening weekend. I'd say this does not bode well for the long term success of this movie. Surely this will not generate strong word of mouth. I had high hopes for this movie, but sadly the film makers deviated way too much from the original premise, and this should've been called "The bad moms' mothers screwed-up Christmas". I encourage you to check this out, be it in the theater, on VOD or eventually on DVD/Blu-ray, and draw tour own conclusion.
6 I was lucky enough to catch Warrior at Empire's Big Screen at the O2 in London last week as one of their secret screenings and I have to say it was a very pleasant surprise. It seems it wasn't just me either, eves-dropping on rest of the audience as we left revealed there was an all round endorsement by the crowd. Funnily many of the conversations would begin 'I wouldn't usually go and see a film like that but' which I can certainly second. I will also avoid spoilers here as I went into this completely unaware and certainly benefited from it.The film follows two fighters and their families as they enter the big bucks mixed martial arts (MMA) competition, Sparta. It has the usual balance of down on his luck good guy doing it for the family (Joel Edgerton) and a seemingly brutal fighter who is looking for a payday (the suddenly ubiquitous Tom Hardy). Throw in Nick Nolte as a sad, reformed drunk of a father and we have the basic elements of another run of the mill sporting movie. Or at least that's how it starts. It doesn't particularly throw any curve balls to be honest but it does unfold interestingly and we are not given the whole story on a plate which was refreshing. It examines family relationships and regret and faces the terrible truths when some wounds just cannot be healed by forgiveness once it is too late.It's not all family drama though and unsurprisingly it does have a hellova lot of fighting in so even though I think it is enjoyable for most if you can't stomach the violence then don't bother with it. However the fighting is well balanced within the narrative, excellently shot and excitingly edited so we do not get the cliché slow-mo or the epic hour long battle even for the big finale. Some of the fights are brutally quick and even those that go the distance are edited down very well indeed while maintaining that punishing feeling - they certainly had the audience ooomph'ing and wincing along with every slam and punch. There will be blood along with some horrible curdling crunches too.Aside form the action Rocky (1976) and The Wrestler (2008) seemed to be more about the individual and their demons and while there are elements of that here it really focuses on the (dysfunctional) family drama. Of course it is going to get the obvious comparisons to The Fighter (2010) but I don't think it's a bad thing and that should really be taken as a compliment. I would not be surprised to see it picking up a few awards along the way too. Even if one was to compare the two I think Warrior stands up very well and having the film follow two fighters marks it apart. Like the fighter though the two leads are outstanding and worthy of all the attention they will receive for them. Performances are impressive across the board in fact and it's wonderful to see Nick Nolte back in the frame with a delightful role that he seems to slip perfectly into. (A sorry ex-drunk with a history of violence - apologies Nick!) As well as their acting performances the two main characters are to be complimented on their believable appearance as fighters with some impressive physique on display. Both of our fighters here are easily as believable as the muscled yet high pitched and whiny Wahlberg and certainly must have done a fair bit of training for the role too. Although that wouldn't really be a surprise for anyone that has seen Hardy in Bronson (2008) most will know him from his turn in Inception (2010) which is something completely different. Joel Edgerton too looks different from the roles I remember him in – Kinky Boots (2005) and Animal Kingdom (2010) - as well as his Uncle Owen turn mean this is another impressive transformation.As much as I love this film there are a few gripes as there always has to be (sorry I've yet to find a 10/10 film!). Props to director Gavin O'Connor who also wrote the story and starred but the direction could have been a bit tighter and its not a movie where every scene is trimmed with a few wasted shots or lazy and obvious camera work. Although performances were all good some of the characters seemed to lack depth and I felt the wife (Jennifer Morrison) was a little underused as I thought Nick's role also seemed to be forgotten about in the final third. These are very minor quibbles but unfortunately the main one is that it's a product of its self - it's difficult for any film like this to avoid the cliché or cheesy ending. A film focusing on two main fighters in the same competition was always limited on outcomes and although Warrior does it's best I'm afraid the ending could have been handled a bit better.Very enjoyable movie that I hope gets the audience it deserves. Give it a try even if it's not your usual cuppa tea.8 out of 10
6 Watch it with friends! It's not bad and not so original but it achieves the purpose of watching a horror movie with friends! The leading girl is stunning and delivers her role!
6 I'm 19, going on 20 in six days. I don't need to tell you that "Toy Story" is a movie tailor-made for the kiddies, but there's a special reservation for adults too. I should know, as should anyone who views it with an open mind. We've all had our favorite toys. For guys, like me, there's a 90% chance you played with either Transformers or G.I. Joe or Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles or all three when you were six, seven, eight, or nine years-old. For me, it was Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Godzilla action figures. I'd always imagine living out wild fantasy adventures in my room or basement; ah, the joy of being a kid again. But that's part of "Toy Story's" fun appeal. It gives you a chance to relive your childhood again. Today I saw for the first time in about eight years and it's still just as fresh and inventive as Pixar, probably the best film studio in computer animation, conceived it back in 1995. In the room of young Andy, the toys are alive - when he's not present of course, and cowboy Woody (voiced by Tom Hanks) is the boy's favorite item. But all that changes on Andy's birthday and a new toy given to him on that day captures the boy's heart - Buzz Lightyear (voiced by Tim Allen). Of course, any replacement of this sort inspires jealousy, and pretty soon Buzz is the new "it" item of the bedroom. Andy's given into everything Buzz Lightyear, even new bedsheets - bedsheets! - leaving poor Woody on the short end of the stick. But the thing is, Buzz has trouble believing he's just a simple toy and nothing more, as he thinks he's actually BUZZ LIGHTYEAR! It also seems this couldn't have come at a worse time for the toys, as Andy and his mother are moving away, which is causing all sorts of chaos as Woody tries to get everything organized so nobody is left behind, and that's exactly what happens with rivals Woody and Buzz, who are misplaced and must find their beloved Andy before they move. Not only that, they must also battle Sid, the serial killer in-training kid that lives next door and tortures toys. As directed by John Lasseter and his army of screenwriters including himself, Andrew Stanton (who would co-direct Pixar's future hit "Finding Nemo" in 2003) and Joel Cohen, "Toy Story" is true imaginative fantasy realized in superb animation. It more than brings the kid in you to the surface, it makes you want to be a kid again, as many toys have cameos including Army Men (including the Sergeant who's voiced by R. Lee Ermey) and Mr. Potato Head (voiced by Don Rickles). I love "Toy Story," and I think anyone who views it thoughtfully will love it too.10/10
6 "Warrior" may be one of the best movies of the year that no one sees. That in itself is puzzling. Mixed martial arts and UFC are in the cultural mainstream; in fact MMA is more popular than professional boxing. Director and writer Gavin O'Connor did the amazing "Miracle" a few years back about the 1980 U.S. Olympic Hockey Team. So he has the touch for inspirational sports stories. In "Warrior" estranged brothers Brendan Conlon (Joel Edgerton) and Tommy Conlon (Tom Hardy) fight each other in the finals of the winner take all mixed martial arts tournament Sparta in Atlantic City. "Warrior" is an inspired story of family, honor, and redemption. I applauded at the end of the movie along with the rest of the audience."Warrior" is a paradox of styles as inspired by its leads. Tommy (Hardy) is the AWOL Marine war hero from Afghanistan. He literally tore off a submerged tank door, saving those inside. Tommy plows through opponents with sheer rage and power. He is explosive technique. We witness this as he savagely dismantles world middle weight contender "Mad Dog" Grimes (cocky Erik Apple) with kicks, punches, and throws in an impromptu sparring session. Tommy mysteriously appears at his Dad's door step in Pittsburgh. He blames Paddy (powerful and sublime Nick Nolte) for the death of his mother. Brendan (Edgerton) is the high school physics teacher and former UFC fighter. He and his wife Tess (strong Jennifer Morrison) work several jobs to pay their upside down mortgage. Brendan gets an entry into Sparta to save his family home. He is smart and willing to take punishment to leverage his opponent's mistakes—getting a tap out. Brendan like Tommy has no love for their recovered drunk Dad (Nolte).At the narrative arc Brendan says to Tommy, "I love you!" And neither will back down. I think O'Connor and writers Anthony Tambakis and Cliff Dorfman at times overstate the family dysfunction. "Warrior" could have been leaner, as strange as that sounds. The mixed martial arts fighting are world class and many of the fighters are MMA stars. Former professional wrestling champion Kurt Angle is fierce and dominating as Russian champ Koba. His match with Brendan is vicious and amazing. "Warrior" authentically gets the brutality and precision of mixed martial arts. Hardy and Edgerton are awesome. I read that Hardy trained intensely gaining 30 pounds of muscle. He broke ribs and fingers. Edgerton tore his knee out during the shoot."Warrior" has a gritty atmosphere that is all about character and adversity. O'Connor seamlessly captures this in the simple camera shots and intimate dialog. He generates amazing performances. Edgerton is the delicate balance of compassion and focus. His Brendan is a good and decent man. Hardy has an electrifying enigmatic presence. He provokes a painful sadness and rage in Tommy, for whom honor and family are everything. Nick Nolte poignantly plays their broken father, who is pivotal in the redemption of his sons. Ultimately, "Warrior" is about forgiveness and love. It is one of the year's best.
6 Not boring at all. If you read all those movies done is the past decade it is almost a rare gem, we enjoyed it until the end, new sci fi histories are rare to pace and this one is kind of good one. Congrats
6 I was never a big fan of the original 'Blade', but I liked the sequel a lot. Doing away with the story building of the first one, Blade II captured a nice balance between plot and action and it was an entertaining ride throughout. For this third instalment, however that perfect balance has been interrupted, and calling this film 'action heavy' would be an understatement. While the action in the movie is well done and entertaining to watch, when you've seen 45th bad guy being smashed through a window, it loses it's impact somewhat. The talking scenes in between the action are either small plot details that the film needs to string itself together, or just another action sequence set-up. The plot is messy to say the least, and there's far too much going on for it to be streamlined into an engaging and satisfying story, but nevertheless it follows the vampires as they resurrect legendary bloodsucker Dracula and get Blade into trouble with the cops. However, Blade manages to team up with a ragtag bunch of vampire hunters and together they attempt to thwart Dracula and the rest of the vampires! Oh, and the cops.David S. Goyer, the man who wrote the first two Blade films has taken the director's chair this time round. He's obviously being watching too much Mtv too, as he seems far too keen to not allow the audience to know what is going on. The quick style Mtv editing is abundant, and it quickly becomes apparent that you will end up very dizzy by the end of the film. The director/writer has dragged together an eclectic cast to compliment Wesley Snipes, which includes the sizzling Jessica Biel, along with two more experienced actresses who should know better; Parker Posey and Natasha Lyonne, and Kris Kristofferson returns also; and WWF wrestler Triple H joins in the fun too. Wesley Snipes has made his name playing the human/vampire hybrid in this comic strip movie series, and with this performance he seems like an actor bored with his work. Whether or not that's because of the extremely thin caricature that Snipes has been given to work with this time round, or maybe it's because he's fed up of 'more of the same'. Anyway, Blade Trinity is quality entertainment. What it lacks in depth, it makes up for in coolness and action and if you liked the first two, you might as well see this one as well.
6 October 26, 2017 Middle East Premiere DubaiIt's been 10 years since the death of John Kramer known as the Jigsaw. But, some bodies are discovered, the investigation leads to the conclusion that Kramer is back...!! Now, the Officials are chasing the dead.Saw released in 2004 was one of the best Gore, Slasher Suspense Horror Thrillers. After the completion of film school, Director James Wan with his friend Leigh Whannell wanted to make a short film, but limitations hold their hands. Hence, they decided to make something that has limited location, actors etc. This short film of 9 minutes gave green signal to the Saw movie. But, the franchise was rated straight down from Part 1 to 7.This movie is from the Directors of Predestination (2014), Spierig Brothers... hold on, don't expect much. But, if you are a fan of Saw film, you can take a breath. Definitely this is not as bad as the previous installments.Mostly, a cocktail of the previous films. The beginning was really good, it had hope and expectations about the movie. This dropped soon. But, managed to pick up towards the end.
6 That movie got suck into my head for days after watching. Especially the scene with Hulk literally "swimming through the road" was shocking and amazing. I enjoyed the pace of the movie, the gradual built up and the explosive turn of events during the later partI really empathized with Hulk. He was all alone, chased, hated and feared but was still standing.For me, when a movie makes you feel worried and really care about a character then it's succeeded. It's sad that the rating is so low (currently 5.5) but who knows, maybe it will be appreciated more in the years to come (just like what happened to Shawshank redemption rating )
6 I saw the previews to this and thought it might actually be a cute movie... i was wrong. When I see Jason Biggs I think of the funny scenes in American pie, this movie had nothing funny. Katie Holmes was just not convincing and I found her character a bit disgusting. I can't believe Mr. Cane agreeded to do this film. In all it was a good movie to waste time to but just wouldn't recommend.
6 While it was both interesting (kewt premise), and entertaining (some of the characters were quite enjoyable), the movie was just too long for what it had to say. The movie was an hour and a half long? It should have been more like 45 minutes. This is intended for tweens and teens, and they don't need so long to get to the point and let you feel all warm and snugly. I think they explained the ending, but by then, I had fallen asleep. I will not go back to see the end again.
6 #1 BEST FILM OF 1996 Young filmmaker Danny Boyle's film adaptation of Irvine Welsh's incredible novel, about a band of social misfits that just so happen to be sleazy heroin junkies, is the movie that got me hooked on independent flicks. One late Friday night I was cruising through the movie channels on Satellite and I stumbled upon a channel called IFC (Independent Film Channel). On it there was this film 'Trainspotting'. I watched it and immediately fell in love with it. I never really saw anything quite like it, it was stylish, cool, depressing, dark and disturbing all at the same time. After this I got hooked on IFC channel, and if it wasn't for the smash U.K. hit 'Trainspotting', I might have never watched an independent film.Following the novel surprisingly closely, 'Trainspotting' revolves around a band of friends. Most are heroin junkies, one is an alcoholic psycho and the other is actually a good guy. These friends play soccer together and hang out all the time. They are led by Mark Renton (played by Ewan McGregor - Star Wars, Moulin Rouge) the central character and narrator of this macabre yet intriguing tale. We watch him as he tries to get off heroin and how this effects his friends -- Spud (Ewen Bremner - Snatch., The Acid House) a silly, naive, never-hurt-a-fly kind of heroin addict who serves as the film's oaf; Sick Boy (Jonny Lee Miller - Dracula 2000, Hackers) a selfish, sneaky and manipulative heroin junkie obsessed with James Bond who Renton secretly despises; Tommy (Kevin McKidd - The Acid House) the only honest friend of Renton's who is drug and alcohol free; and Francis Begbie (Robert Carlyle - The Full Monty, Riff Raff) a deranged, alcoholic violent madman with a mean temper and a large knife. The story follows Renton's struggle to get off drugs and start a life while interacting with his friends and eventually arranging a drug deal with them at the end to strike it rich.'Trainspotting' is a nearly perfect picture with extraordinary acting, directing and writing. The performances are nothing short of first-rate in 'Trainspotting'. Ewan McGregor gives perhaps his finest and most unfairly ignored screen performances as our hero and struggling heroin junkie. He plays the role with such authenticity and passion for the craft of acting you'd never think he wasn't a heroin junkie in real life. Ewen Bremner is funny as the film's idiot, but Jonny Lee Miller surprisingly gives an outstanding performance as Renton's slippery so-called friend. Kevin McKidd is good as Tommy and Kelly MacDonald does a fine job with her acting debut as Renton's underage lay who becomes kind of like a mentor to him as the film progresses. One of the absolute finest performances in this movie is by Robert Carlyle, most known as a British acting coach. It's hard to explain why he's so wonderful, but I'll try. He plays the bad guy in a way that it makes you uncomfortable and scared watching him. That takes talent and it's not easy to do for any actor. Danny Boyle provides us with breathtaking camera work and has some Tarantino-ish qualities, that makes him one of the most talented filmmakers working in the independent film industry. There is a scene in which the main character, Renton, is going through withdrawal and he has a hallucination of a friend's deceased infant child crawls up on his bedroom wall and spins his head all the way around in a kind of Linda Blair Exorcist style. It's a freaky scene but it's also a carefully layered and admirable scene that proves Danny Boyle's directing talents to be most impressive. John Hodge (who writes most of Boyle's films) does a phenomenal job capturing the material from Welsh's groundbreaking and provocative novel that should have won him the Oscar in the 1997 Academy Award ceremony. The cinematography is consistently amazing but the film editing is a tad choppy. But, that's not really something to get bent out of shape about, because the rest of the film is always engrossing especially the magnificent and extensive soundtrack including music from Blur, Lou Reed and Iggy Pop.All in all, 'Trainspotting' is an astounding indie achievement from British filmmaker Danny Boyle who also did the highly successful indie romp 'Shallow Grave' starring Ewan McGregor and the major flop 'The Beach' starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Robert Carlyle. If you've never seen 'Trainspotting' and have a very strong stomach and an urge to see something peculiar yet brilliant, be sure to rent it your next stop at the videostore. If you've seen it and liked it enough to purchase it, be sure to get the the 2-disc special edition DVD with some excellent extras including full-length audio commentary with some insightful information. 'Trainspotting' is the film that started my love with indie cinema. Be sure you don't miss it. Grade: AMADE MY TOP 300 LIST AT #27
6 The understanding of what may have been going through Jeffery Dahmer's head and made him what he is.No sparks flew from the screen as I watched the film. At first its slow temple was interesting,but the movie got less interesting as time past. By the end I was dozing off like it lost me.The life of Dahmer was petty normal if you really thing about it. I think that's the point of the movie and it made their point a little too clear.I got to the point and nothing much more.http://cinemagardens.com
6 I didn't read all of the previous reviews but I noticed a lack of comment on time travel paradoxes in the one's I did read. Even a basic understanding of time travel theory would have made this a better movie. There were not only inconsistent paradoxes but some glaringly missing ones. How did the test car end up in the wall by only going back 1 hour? The wall was already there. When they went back to help Quinn redo his presentation, why didn't they run into themselves from the previous attempts? The plot made it obvious that running into yourself would wipe out both people, but when Quinn drew the smiley face on himself, nothing serious happened. If it occurred with animate objects, why didn't occur with inanimate objects, as with the two cameras? There are others but I won't go into all of them. There were too many obvious inconsistencies for me to come away happy about the movie.
6 While there are films that are considered classic for their technical achievements and classics that resound with audiences for a feel-good emotion, The Maltese Falcon stands in that group that is a classic for every aspect of its creative makeup. With a brilliant script, talented direction and some outstanding performances, The Maltese Falcon stands up today as well as it did upon release.When Sam Spade -- played brilliantly by Humphrey Bogart -- and his partner Archer are hired to tail a rich eccentric by a woman who claims her sister is being unwittingly kept separated from her by the rich eccentric, it seems like just another case. But when Archer and the eccentric are gunned down and all fingers point to Sam Spade for conflicting yet damning reasons, Spade is thrown into a whirlwind of deceptions that all point in one direction: a Maltese statue of a falcon.Bogart demonstrates clearly why he is one of the great classic actors of the 20th century, and indeed one of the most natural screen actors ever. His charisma, charm and intense masculine looks give him a presence that simply dominates the screen. With a host of other great talents to fill the screen, there is not a moment of wasted performance. The direction is tight and driving and the pacing never lets up. And the script demonstrates why there are less and less truly great films being released in present day: the writers and directors of the golden age of cinema knew that subtlety works ten times more effectively than the modern in-your-face all-the-time works.The Maltese Falcon is a timeless work that deserves its place in the list of greatest films ever made.
6 Daddy's Home 2 is my latest review. It's a follow-up to 2015's surprise hit, Daddy's Home. The first outing wasn't great to begin with. Guess what, "2" is even worse.Remember when Chevy Chase got into all kinds of shenanigans during National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation? Well Will Ferrell does the same exact shtick in Daddy's Home 2. Ferrell's gifts as a physical comedian are evident. The difference is that Chase's movie was done with a bit more craft. Heck, it had an actual story mind you."2", with its clips of kids getting drunk on eggnog, a nativity scene being destroyed, Xmas lights getting caught in a snowblower, and captain "Sully" Sullenger making a small cameo, is a yuletide cash grab just like A Bad Moms Christmas (released ten days earlier). The films are eerily similar with Daddy's Home 2 being the gender-flipped version of "Christmas". With A Bad Moms Christmas, the males are reduced to forgotten caricatures as they harbor minimal dialogue and fade into the background. With "2", the females don't have much to do either in terms of the overall plot. They are merely around for decoration (ha-ha, get it?).Listen, "2" may be PG-13 (as opposed to A Bad Moms Christmas having a hard R) and it may be more slapstick in nature. Don't be fooled though. These flicks are mirror images of each other. They are both using the holidays as a hook to capitalize on the success of the originals. Yup, Daddy's Home 2 isn't a "home" worth saving. "2's" director (Sean Anders) sans production values and trouper, conflict coherency in favor of sloppy editing, too many characters (stepdads, stepmoms, grandpas, stepchildren, etc.), and perennial, movie star wattage. His "2" isn't an actual motion picture. It's more of a series of set-ups, designed to get the viewer to chuckle occasionally. Almost every scene in Daddy's Home 2 is manipulated (or inserted) onto the screen without a true reason for being. Oh and by the way, Ferrell's pseudo-clumsiness here is definitely not rooted in reality. In the realm of casting, Anders brings in John Lithgow and Mel Gibson to play the weirdo dads to Mark Wahlberg and Ferrell. Gibson, who has always been a favorite of mine, has obviously not been forgiven by Hollywood yet. In his heyday, he would've never agreed to star in something as shambolic as Daddy's Home 2. All in all, the final sequence in "2" involves everyone snowed in at a movie theater on Xmas day. As the whole cast belts out "Do They Know It's Christmas?", I realized that I need to picket the resurrection of every sequel from hear on out. Rating: 1 and a half stars.
6 Greetings again from the darkness. Denzel Washington is one of our most iconic actors and he's put together a remarkable career, including 8 Oscar nominations and two wins. He's had his Al Pacino SCARFACE comparable with TRAINING DAY, his Robert DeNiro GOODFELLAS comparable with American GANGSTER, and here he gets his Dustin Hoffman RAIN MAN as he plays the titular Roman J. Israel, Esquire. It's a role that lacks Denzel's usual cool factor, but it's one in which he dives head first.'Esquire' rates "above gentleman, but below Knight" as described by Roman. He has spent more than 30 years as the wizard behind the curtain of a two man law firm run by his mentor and partner William "Bulldog" Jackson. We never really meet Mr. Jackson, as circumstances force the closing of the firm and shove an uncomfortable-with-change Roman into the high profile and high dollar firm run by George Pierce. Mr. Pierce is played by a strutting Colin Farrell – and no actor peacocks better than he. It's here we must note that Roman appears to have a touch of Asperger's and/or be some type of legal Savant. He's kind of a Dr. Gregory House for the legal profession – remarkable on the details, while lacking in the delivery. His long held idealism and belief system were in fine form while he was the back office guy, but Pierce forces him into the front lines and it's a bumpy transition with sometimes comic and sometimes tragic results. The film bookends with Roman crafting a legal brief, that while somewhat convoluted, is actually more of a confession, with himself as both plaintiff and defendant. Much of the film focuses on Roman's idealism and revolutionary beliefs, and what happens when that crumbles. There is an odd quasi-love interest with Maya, played by Carmen Ejogo (SELMA). We never really grasp why she is so taken by him, other than his seemingly solid belief system reminds her that a mission of goodness and justice is always worth fighting for.Writer/director Dan Gilroy is one of the quiet secret weapons in Hollywood these days. His last project was the terrific NIGHTCRAWLER, and he's also written the screenplays for this year's KONG: SKULL ISLAND, and one of my favorites from 2006, THE FALL. Here he teams with Oscar winning cinematographer Robert Elswit (THERE WILL BE BLOOD) to deliver a stylish look that feels unique to the story and characters  the frumpy look of Roman, the ultra-slick look of Pierce, and the various textures of the city. It's really something to behold – especially when accompanied by Roman's ringtone of Eddie Kendrick's "Keep on Truckin'". A couple of cast members worth mentioning: for you NBA fans, Sedale Threat Jr (son of the long time player), and simply for catching my eye in the closing credits, an actor named Just N. Time. There is plenty to discuss after this one, but mostly it's a chance to watch Denzel chew scenery.
6 The premise of this movie could have been a lot better thought out and a lot more logical or realistic. For a George Clooney film, this should have been a lot better. Anyone with any common sense as far as the police handling a live hostage situation. As soon as the NYPD allowed the girlfriend to go on TV only to call him stupid, dumb, etc. I watched the movie in the background.And the horrible humor parts of this movie, c'mon, it was so out in left field it just made this movie more of a joke, until you hear that the NYPD is planning to shoot the hostage in order to unarm a bomb vest and eh...don't waste your time.
6 Thought this is quite entertaining especially for family with younger children. Not sure why it's not getting the rating it deserves.
6 This movie is a little bit childish and I believe it will be enjoyed more by teenagers. However it is watchable and the special effects are good. The acting is also good. But it wasn't as good as I had hoped. It 's not really a movie about Mars or how it could affect the first human born there but a love story between two teenagers.
6 There is so little to find wanting in this film and not wanting to merely repeat its many deserved praises, all I can do is question a couple of historical points.It is unlikely that a Roman general would be sold into slavery and forced to fight in the arena. Exiled, yes. Killed maybe. Asked to commit suicide to retain his property, most likely. It is unlikely that he would return to find his family crucified, of all things. Romans were very specific about who got crucified and why. Romans usually avoided it, no matter how cruel the tyrant(?) was.Roman legionnaires would NEVER have a tattoo unless they were barbarians who got one BEFORE joining a legion. Marking or mutilating the human body was expressedly anti- Roman. No statue or depiction exists of a main-period Roman showing a body-marking. The bonding feature the writer was attempting was an inappropriate borrowing from the 20th century German SS.Great entertaining movie nonetheless.
6 I went into this fearing the worst and I was rather quite surprised. I thought all the so called 'boring' parts were needed both for characterisation and plot development. The way all this is shot keeps it from slowing down to much and before you know it the Hulk is out. Very impressive visually, only spoiled by a lousy ending.8/10.
6 I'm a fan of the first Skyline. I thought it was a well made alien movie that had some mystique to it and an unique ending. Unfortunately, Beyond Skyline takes the most interesting ideas from the first part and completely obliterates them in the most profane way possible.The first half of Beyond Skyline is pretty good. The main characters are introduced in a very clichéd manner but I don't think that will bother the audience. Once we peek inside the alien ship things start to get really interesting. This is where the film really shines. Lots of special effects, lots of cool environments and lots of "what the *beep* are those things" moments. It really builds up a nice momentum and keeps you interested. But by the time the movie is half way through, things start to take a turn for the worse. The plot starts to get lazy, the characters start to behave oddly and the whole thing starts to fall apart. It is if the screenwriter decided "*beep* it, I'm going all in on this shit" and just destroyed the carefully crafted momentum from the first part of the movie. This is done in a gradual but heavy handed manner. By the time the movie reaches it final stages, you're not going to care for it anymore. Why? Because the mystique is gone and because the mighty aliens are now being slaughtered in melee combat by some very vulnerable humans. But nothing can rival the final 5 minutes of the movie. You thought slaughtering aliens in heavy armor with knives was over the top? You haven't seen anything yet!All in all, the movie is quite entertaining but it could have been much better. I feel the story could have worked if the movie had more time to develop it in a natural way. In its current form it just feels rushed and quite frankly stupid. Nevertheless, I feel Beyond Skyline deserves a watch and would recommend it to sci-fi fans.
6 Was hoping that this show could take the lives of teenage students and translate them to screen without the usual clichés. Just bad writing all around, at least for the pilot. Especially, when it comes to creating characters and laying down their perspective issues or story arc paths. All of them feel already done and overused.They are trying to take the problems of Spring Awakening and directly correlate them to the characters of the show. Rather than coming off as, everyone can relate to these universal problems, it feels as though the writers are trying to force their characters into molds. Just because a girl plays Wendla, does not mean she has severe trust/communication issues with her mother or is ready to open herself up in a relationship with a boy who is different/yet not so different. (And in in using this method, how will the characters change/develop if given future seasons? Will the storylines/characters continue to follow the plots of the musicals they perform?)Honestly, I would rather see a professionally shot and performed version of Spring Awakening be put out there (of course created by safe hands). Yes, it is angsty and not the best of all possible worlds for its main trio, but at least it does not feel as forced. And seeing a show such as Spring Awakening in its entirety, could actually be more effective in delivering its message (that being the question of 'shame'. Should one feel shame for their inability to fit in or conform, for their impulses/desires, for their sexuality or sexual orientation? And, who determines what actions/thoughts classify as 'shameful'?) Rise is just trying its little heart out to be so relatable and so inspirational, and in doing so, it seems to be missing the point/the heart of the musical it is referencing. For instance, the bonfire scene, using 'I Believe' (a song about convincing yourself that your actions are justified, not one of optimism) in that context. Just why? The writers need to understand that just having the basic, run of the mill level of representation does not and should not cut it. The issues they are addressing have been done before and in a far more touching/gripping way.Overall, Rise just falls flat, and I don't know if more episodes can lift it back up.
6 The Commuter delivers what it promises, a Liam Neeson action movie that relies on tension and a little bit of mystery to fill out its runtime. It begins very well with minimal exposition for the set up, using images or short conversations to explain what most movies would carve out five minutes of dialogue for. From there it evolves more like a mystery with an ordinary man in an extraordinary situation searching for someone on the train. As it enters the third act, it goes full action movie with explosions, fight scenes, and massive stakes. While this was to be expected from Jaume Collet-Serra, it undermines what had been a more contained thriller up to that point.It is shot well enough and uses an ensemble cast well, but no one besides Liam Neeson really has too much to do. Vera Farmiga and Jonathan Banks are both talented actors that are really underutilized. All in all, The Commuter is another Liam Neeson action movie that could be best described as "Nonstop on a train."
6 I went to see Hercules with little to no expectations. The main reason was that I needed some cheesy summer flick to laugh at, and the movie's trailer did promise this kind of stuff. Well, the movie did not disappoint - indeed, it was cheesy, but in such a self-aware way, that it falls out of the "so bad that it's good" category and gets into the "simply good" one. Irony is dominant through the whole 98 minutes, and there are plenty of minor and major plot twists, albeit not a single forced one. And the story is delivered in an entertaining way without any unnecessary melodrama or heroism - a nice change from most of Hollywood big-budget action flicks.The movie opens directly with the story of Hercules and the twelve labours. We see him battle the Lernaean Hydra, slay the Erymanthian Boar, and kill the Nemean Lion with bare hands - and that's in the first two minutes. Just when you'd think this flick would be nothing but Dwayne Johnson, bare-chested and tough, slaughtering stuff, it's revealed that the narrator is actually the nephew of Hercules, exaggerating the story of his uncle, trying to convince a bunch of pirates not to execute him by putting a stake through his bottoms. There are plenty of similar absurd situations in the movie, and there's never a pun to fall flat.Character-wise, "Hercules" offers more than a bunch of heroes with big muscles and tear-jerking back-stories. While Hercules' family being murdered plays somewhat big part in the movie, the drama never feels forced (if anything, it actually feels a bit underwhelming). Also, I do have problems with Atalanta being the typical strong female action character but this isn't as much of a drawback - just something that could've been improved. All actors, from the cheesy Johnson and Fiennes to veteran John Hurt, reprise their roles in a great, fleshed-out way. The main antagonist of "Hercules" is indeed portrayed a wee bit over-the-top, but after all this is a comic adaptation and that's the proper way to portray comic villains.The story doesn't disappoint either, presenting Hercules as a man with incredible strength who enjoys the rumors of him being the son of Zeus while being self-aware that he's still a mercenary who is most likely born to a mortal father. The legend of Hercules itself plays a large part in the story, and serves for a source of great jokes and puns. There's a major plot twist that I honestly didn't see coming, and neither did any of my friends with whom I saw the movie. "Hercules" receives bonus points for NOT including the obligatory love interest, and there's actually a reason for the main character to return for the final act (other than "he's the hero and it's heroes' job to safe the day").Unlike most fantasy action-adventures, "Hercules" uses special effects sparsely and mostly for the scenery. Apart from the opening sequence, Hercules never has to battle absurdly huge foes or mythical creatures. The only moment he's fighting a CGI enemy did actually leave me a bit disappointed, but it was still OK. The writers creatively decided to go against the "overpowered supernatural creatures" cliché and instead opted for a huge army of ordinary men. It does emphasize Hercules' superhuman strength a lot more when you see a horse being thrown into the air, instead of a harpy or the minotaur being slain.All in all, "Hercules" is a great movie to spend ten bucks on this summer. It doesn't break the boundaries of modern fantasy adventure flicks, but it does go against a lot of the tropes and clichés. It delivers an entertaining story while being self-aware of its own cheesiness. While I'm not familiar with the source material, "Hercules" does remind a little bit of "Asterix and Obelix" and provides solid 98 minutes of pure Hollywood entertainment, comedy and carnage.8/10
6 Tony Gilroy's thriller "Beirut", tautly directed by Brad Anderson, propels that iconic "Mad Men" tv star Jon Hamm into the long-vacant Hollywood position created in the '40s by Humphrey Bogart. It's a character persona of disillusioned, world-weary masculine presence that springs into action, however reluctantly, when absolutely necessary.Previous IMDb reviews of this exciting film either have been premature (of the "Gee, I can't wait to see it" non-review content) or ignorantly dismissive, as if fiction had to be judged by reality standards, or location hunting be abandoned in favor of merely using the practical "real" places from the script. I guess Matt Damon in "The Martian" was somehow exempt from that latter idiotic requirement.Several hit films come to mind, clearly "Argo" the most relevant in terms of demonstrating box office potential, and Hamm is blessed with a talented and selfless co-star in a key yet subdued role by Rosamund Pike, coincidentally having risen to stardom in "Argo" maestro Ben Affleck's "Gone Girl". The director cites Peter Weir's "The Year of Living Dangerously" as a key influence, and that's a fine source to draw from.I appoint Hamm as the next Bogie because in addition to his classic good looks as leading man he captures here and in "Mad Men" the uncanny ability to define a film noir hero -self-divided, prone to hitting the bottle, and winning over a viewer no matter how close he comes to betraying his best moral instincts in service of self-interest. Certainly he could handle a remake of "Casablanca" (perhaps with currently hot-hot Scandi star Alicia VIkander as co-star) without much of a stretch.Though low-budget and closer to pulp than a major Hollywood blockbuster, "Beirut" succeeds because it is fun, not because it is giving us a history lesson. The cliches of its genre and the unfortunate real-life cliches of the Middle East as a quagmire work very well in the traditional roller-coaster ride that is what Hollywood does best. Quibbling over accuracy is absurd; rather Gilroy should be commended for fashioning, over a period of several decades, a tight script that makes its historical points while firmly inhabiting the fantasy land of movies.
6 Okay, to start this off: this movie is definitely NOT for kids. It definitely deserves its R-rating. Sausage Party is one of those movies that will make you say: what the hell am I watching?To be frank(see what I did there?), this movie fulfilled every bit of expectation I had, no more and no less in its "well, I think I've seen enough" factor. What I mean by that, is that this is the most vulgar and xenophobic animated movie I've ever seen but in a good way. As obnoxious as this movie is, I can't help but giggle half the time when I'm watching it, even though how disgusting and indecent some of the scenes are, especially at the end. And mostly because of that, I will never see food the same way ever again(the animation is pretty good though).Maybe my only true complaint about this movie was the ending, since it seems it was just tacked in there "just because" but to be fair, the movie was already weird as it is. So yeah, the ending for me felt kinda random and I feel that it should've ended in that particular scene before it but overall, I don't think it won't affect what most people thought about this film. Though I expect that this movie will offend a lot of people but to hell with that! let your immature side take over for a while and enjoy this film about food getting it on and on and on..... and on.If you like humor that is both weird and outrageously crass but still remotely funny, then look no further since Sausage Party is the movie for you.
6 What did I just watch???? To be honest I don't think I can process everything and I'm not such if that is a bad thing or a good thing. To get it out there straight away I'm not a die hard fan of these films actually if anything I've losing more and more interest in the MCU as its gone on. I'm not quite sure why, just a lot of them are not for me but I can see why general audience love them, they are vey appealing. Positives.The Russo brothers were given an almost impossible task and that was to bring together a huge amount of characters in one film and tell a cohesive story that works. For the most part I think they have achieved that, the directing of the film is faultless and is a real achievement considering the number of things that could go wrong with a film like this. Personally though I would put it behind "Winter Soldier" and "Civil War" for the Russo's , those films have less problems than this one.The cast for the most part is good, I cant mention them all because there are so many however there are a couple of standouts. Firstly and I'm really shocked to be saying this, the best character in the film for me is Doctor Strange. Now I personally didn't like the character in he is own film, but thats another story, in this film he is the heart and plays an important role. Acting from Cumberbatch is obviously going to be great, but I was blown away by how good he really was. There is a fantastic fight scene between him and Thanos on his own, wow. The other standout is Thor, Hemsworth again knocks it out of the park and has really cool scenes towards the end of the film which are worth the wait. The others are all really good as well for the most part, but those two definitely stood above the rest. NegativesThis is where this review gets a unhelpful mark because it goes against the consensus of this film. For me there are four main negatives film the film, ok bare with me. Firstly its the same old same old problem I personally have with the MCU and that is the dreaded humour. Extremely cringeworthy at times and once again far to much of it especially with the Guardians, which also really don't like. I know Im in the minority on this, and I have no problem in people thinking this is the best part of the film its just not for me. The humour of the film links to the next negative and that is the tone of the film, which to say the least is all over the place. One second we have cringeworthy jokes and the next second its all trying to be serious. I think the Russo's really struggled with this element of the film because the humour and jokes undermine the seriousness. Do one or the other??The third negative is the end which is a complete joke right? The end was looking at first glance to be a fantastic emotional punch and shocking end to some characters. However instead they decide to "kill" off characters that we pretty much know for the most part will be back for the next Avengers film next year. Marvel have already announced sequels and other solo films for characters like Black Panther, Spiderman and maybe even Doctor Strange. So their deaths are meaningless and carry no weight, brings up the question what is the point in the whole film really when we know a reasonable amount of it is going to be reversed in the next film.(I could be wrong)The final small negative is the length of the film which is far too long, the film does definitely drag in some parts.Overall the film is probably just about good enough for 70% out of 100 or 7 out of 10, when the film is good it is very enjoyable and good to watch however I have my reservations. They are mainly my own fault and I'm definitely in the minority when it comes to them. However I'm wondering whether even the most die hard fan is not a little disappointed with this film like hasn't this been 10 years in the making. Finally if you like these types of films you will absolutely love it however if your not to bothered like me then you might not enjoy it as much.
6 Ever since I've heard of this film I've wanted to watch it. I've never went to the Film Festivals and when I saw these good ratings on this film I HAD to see it. To my surprise this film didn't succeed in beating The Babadook or The Witch. It didn't feel much emotion based and they kinda forgot about the bullied kid who wanted to give Jeff Dahmer tickets to a concert. The acting was B-Movie acting and feeling was bland. It still seemed somewhat entertaining with Jeffrey Dahmer being Jeffrey Dahmer and the suspense killed me.I rate this a 6/10 because it was definitely almost as good as Jeepers Creepers and it strives in the biography catagory. The first half was great but the last sorta just slowed down time.I would love to see this film have a theatrical release, audiences would give it a 5.7/10 and would say it is as bad as Jigsaw with nothing new from a movie who tries to bend your mind.
6 I cannot say that I hated this film, I just don't know how to feel. I get that there was probably supposed to be some comedy aspect but nothing was that funny, and its clearly meant to be some thriller/horror but I just did not find it overly scary and I'm a wimp, I used to think Titanic was scary for crying out loud. A cast filled with very mediocre actors will give you a mediocre film. I guess there are a few redeemable qualities though, I did jump once and gasp for air I enjoyed the overall feel of the movie and I didn't feel like it wasted my time. If your'e a bit of a wimp and can't take properly scary films but want to watch something for Halloween or a night in with the girls and a take-away I would recommend this film.
6 What a bloody stupid idea for a cinema film ! Adapt a teleplay set entirely in one studio bound location , written in real time with absolutely no cinema appeal whatsoever ! Me ? I wouldn`t have touched this script with a barge pole if I was a producer which just goes to show why - Only very very occasionally - some people deserve to be film producers while - Only very very occasionally - people like myself don`t . 12 ANGRY MEN is a masterpiece , maybe not in the way APOCALYPSE NOW or FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING are cinematic masterpieces , but it`s still a masterpiece of high dramaDespite being based on a play Lumet does bring some outstanding directorial flourishes to the film . Look at he scene where the camera cuts from one raised hand to another to an empty space that has a raised hand gingerly creeping into the frame , or the scene where the characters become more and more disgusted with Ed " Know what I mean " Begley`s reactionary diatribe . Please forgive Reginald Rose`s ever so slightly bleeding heart liberal subtext or a couple of unlikely occurances like the scene with the knife , or the fact that jury discussions are nothing like this in real life because even more thought went into this script as went into MEMENTO . This is a classic film and one of the few ones I`ve awarded 10 points to One last point: If you have never seen 12 ANGRY MEN how on earth can you describe yourself as a film fan ?
6 When I left the cinema after enduring this film my thoughts immediately turned to IMDb and what kind of response it would have had on this site.I imagined that (like myself) there would be floods of complaints about the wooden acting, the ease at which the main characters just sauntered through their 'ordeal' as though they were just nipping to the shops for a pint and a dozen eggs, and thought that it would be universally hated.I read one review today that said this was the worst movie they'd seen in the last thirty years.Well I sat through Dads Army, I just about managed to stay awake during the Absolutely Fabulous movie but even those two flops were more convincing than this film.What is supposed to be a high drama survival movie is a bland, dull, uninspiring walk through the snow for an hour and half. Even the moments of peril are dealt with in as short a time as possible with no fear or risk involved whatsoever. The romance is unconvincing to me. Before anything happened between our two lead characters I was thinking to myself that these guys clearly didn't like each other at all during the filming of this movie. There was little to no chemistry, the acting was woeful (from two of movies finest actors supposedly) and it all just seemed tired and as if nobody on the set wanted to be there.The story's climax isn't a climax at all. It's just a sudden give-up on what had come before.I have to agree with the chap who said they'd not seen worse in a long long time. This was most definitely the weakest of all the movies I've seen in years. My advice to anyone considering it is as always go and make your own mind up. But don't say I didn't warn you.
6 I saw the original "Superman: The Movie" when it was released in theaters. It was an epic event. It would be unfair to expect the same from "Superman Returns" but the filmmakers are inviting comparisons since they rely so much on certain events that occurred in the first two films, even going so far as to reuse some of Tom Mankiewicz's dialog. It's obvious when watching the film that a lot of money and hard work went into making it...with the exception of the screen writing which is where this film falls short. It insists on making several characters dumber than they would appear. Take Richard, concerned about an old article Lois wrote called "I spent the night with Superman". Richard boy, she has a kid. She obviously spent the night with SOMEONE before she met you. If you really stop and consider it, every character in the film is basically commanded by the script to do something kind of dumb in order to advance the unimaginative story.Perry White assigns Clark Kent the task of looking into a mysterious blackout. At no time in the film is it remotely hinted that he has been doing anything of the sort (or anything at all, when you think about it), whereas Lois in defiance of White is seen in several scenes looking into it, and it becomes a major plot point. Meanwhile Kent (Superman, mind you) is doping around the office.The powers of Superman are well known. And writers can have a lot of fun being resourceful with them. But not in this film. Everything Superman does is predictable. By comparison think back on the way Superman saved California after the bomb struck. Things like having the train run across his back in part 1 or freezing the lake with his breath then dropping it on an out-of-control fire in part 3 are what I'm talking about.The music wisely incorporates John Williams classic score, but a lot of cues are overused, especially "Can You Read My Mind?" which has little place in this film considering the tepid relationship between Superman and Lois. It could have been used to great effect just once, when she visits an unconscious Superman in the hospital, where everything she feels for him comes to the surface. Instead, we're hit over the head with it practically every time they run into each other.I thought Luthor's plot had interesting promise. But I find it puzzling that after his test run in the Atlantic Ocean Metropolis is basically now literally standing on shaky ground, and the skyscrapers all have questionable structural integrity after the shock-wave ran through them, shaking the foundations to the point that all the windows shattered in every building and even the Daily Planet's iconic sculpture topples from atop the building.Director Singer certainly subscribes to Richard Donner's "verisimilitude" approach to the first film, the lack of which is what killed the series in the 80s. I like Brandon Routh as Superman and Kevin Spacey as Lex Luthor. You could recast everyone else for all I care. Kate Bosworth is a walking pot of boiling water. Feisty and headstrong are one thing, but i think they pushed that too far in this film. Why in hell is Richard or Clark/Superman attracted to her?I've noticed a lot of people, hungry for this film to come out, are satisfied with the product. If this review has a low "helpful" score it's because they are blindly supporting the film. This review was written for anyone who knows how to discern between quality and quantity, particularly when it comes to film. I so very much wanted to love this film. Hollywood studios have a way of systematically destroying every decent franchise they get their hands on. In spite of my relative disappointment of the movie, it's far from being horrible. It's just not great...like it should have been.
6 Drama/crimes, a series on the rise in the television land, but still looking to solidify its place in the theaters. Yet, this weekend, another film attempts to bait us into another mystery, one that promises violence, drama, and potentially uncover a hidden threat that has lurked beneath the service. Robbie K back to write another review this time on:Movie: Traffik Director: Deon TaylorWriter: Deon TaylorStars: Paula Patton, William Fichtner, Missi PyleLIKES:Setting: The beautiful wilderness of this movie is the shining jewel for this reviewer. Gorgeous views of the forest and plains are only further offset by the breathtaking houses that dwell within. The team behind the camera certainly deserve major props for the fantastic capturing of the natural splendor our characters are in. Cinematography: Past the setting, the cinema team is fantastic at capturing the adventure on film. Traffik's drama unfolds in full splendor, the audience feeling the torture bleeding off our "heroes" as they dive deeper into the mess. In addition, all the action that unfolds is easy to follow, as the stable camera work keeps its focus on all the details at hand. It's edited smoothly and does a fantastic job of immersing you into the events at hand. So well done on that. Edge: Traffik keeps the current girl power movement alive and does so with an edge that is sure to get a few of the audience members hooting and hollering. The edge contained within this movie is dark, granting it a bite more piercing that the knives the villains use. In addition, the movie has a great balance of morals vs. safety looking to help potentially motivate you to make a change. It certainly isn't the worst in terms of violence, but it still hits you hard as the darker moments begin to come alive. Acting: I won't go into too much detail, but the acting is good enough to make the film semi-raise to life. The leads feel like a couple plagued by problems, but in love enough to at least put those problems on hold to help them recover. As for the bad guys, they look and act like scum, each having that sleazy, demon spawned, heathen quality that all protagonists have. Deadly in regards to attitude and savagery, the cast has crafted an assortment of character to help draw you into the seedy underbelly that awaits. DISLIKES: Drawn Out Drama: Thrillers prove to be successful when they provide you know thrills and chills to leave you in suspense until the big moment. When Traffik finally gets to the exciting parts, it's been nearly 60 minutes of the 100-minute run time, which doesn't bode well. The first part feels like a soap opera with better graphics, the drama very shallow, immature, and cheesy to the point of eye-rolling proportions. It's an attempt to add some heat to the four central figures, but this cheap background story development didn't fit for me in the grand scheme and only the delayed the component I was there for. Anti-Climactic Excitement: It took us long enough to get to the faster, more intense parts, so now it's time for you to be on the edge of your seat, right? Wrong! Traffik held potential, but it didn't deliver on its promise of thrills and chills. The action was short lived, the stunts rather minor, the pace felt off, and even worse... most of the guys were incredibly stupid/or had bad aim with whatever devices they had. Outside of the yelling and intense orchestral score... these exciting parts were a little boring, with only the slightest hint of wonder left in how deep the rabbit hole went. There was one scene with some bite, but the rest was a predictable mess that was unnecessarily drawn out. Sheer Stupidity of The Characters: It's one thing to have teenagers make dumb decisions in these kinds of movie. Adults on the other hand... need to have more common sense than the characters I watched on the screen. The party of "heroes" made laughable, predictable choices that completely defied logic and offered no hope of nobility for much of the movie. Any attempt to redeem their lower parts was simplistic and only a few heroic moves were capable of rising to the challenge. Second, the villains were hormonal charged, sexually aggressive, nimrods who made a lot of weak mistakes that were out of character. Given all the illegal activity they've been doing, these criminals surely have more brains than this right? Worst of all, the main woman essentially caused all these problems by being too nosey, violating privacy in a world that was obviously bigger than it seemed. No matter how many chances she had to bail herself out, she kept making the choices to drag her and her friends back in. Very stupid development. Predictable: The movie tried to throw in twists to spice things up, but they did not come close to fooling me in this movie. Much of this is due to our characters being completely stupid in their choices, but other things were ruined by the foreshadowing the movie blatantly threw into the mix. Don't hold your breath for surprises guys, for this movie didn't have them. THE VERDICT:Traffik held potential, but in all honesty this thriller was more dramatic than anything else. This big budget soap opera was very slow in pace, drawn out relationship antics that held little to no originality as it tried to build tension. When it all came to a boil, the movie still couldn't deliver the full power it promised, leading to sloppy excursions with characters that became surprisingly dumb or over assuming. Still, should you decide to catch this one in theaters, you have some nice settings and camera work to bring the movie up on the screen, and a little edge to get you through it. My recommendations are to rent this bad boy at home and get yourselves ready for the movies of the summer. My scores: Thriller: 5.0Movie Overall: 4.0
6 The reason why I got really excited about this movie was because I hadn't ever seen a movie where Dave Franco had actually done a great job, I think this is his best role yet, out of all his films I have seen which really aren't even competition. It also just looked different and special. I had been having a bit of a difficult time trying to find a good movie to watch on Netflix that actually looked worthwhile to me, when I heard this was coming out and I saw the trailer, it looked really interesting and was hoping for something good, I got that in a way, but it was definitely underwhelming overall, was expecting a lot more story-wise at least even if i didn't get much acting, I could have at least been satisfied with a compelling story with a satisfying character through it, really, there could have been more personality with these characters, but I definitely think Abbi Jacobson did a good job with her character.Though most of the films believability and sustenance came from Abbi Jacobson's performance, Dave Franco did give some personality and charisma to the film through his character and did feel grounded in the world and in the story making it easier for me to believe in these characters and their struggle in the situations they are in. He also did a good job with how he portrayed Seth overall. I could see the type of person he was and what they were trying to go for with his character and it didn't feel too unfocused and generic to the point where there was no character but just Dave Franco playing Dave Franco, there were a few of those moments in the film but not enough to completely ruin the good parts where I felt he was really trying to add something different and give something new to Seth. To my surprise he managed to make the relapse scenes believable, and incredibly uncomfortable and disturbing (which was the idea I felt) which I didn't feel he would be able to do, a tall order for an actor who, sadly isn't really known for his ability to act convincingly and to a varied enough degree to be great, but he surprised me with his performance in this. The general vibe of the film to me was what kept me going at times that made me really made me want to stop watching, it felt very raw and real and I liked the way the film was structured overall, didn't feel too in your face about the whole thing, and kept things on a comfortable level, didn't overdo it in a way that would have ruined what it was trying to go for.To me, Katie's struggle to manage everything around her is I think a general thing that helped made me empathise with her, the idea of a character having a grounded personal struggle underneath everything that's happening was interesting as I thought that the entire film would just be her trying to help her brother, therefore not allowing us to really get a look into her character, but it was quite the opposite, especially with the voiceover element which i thought was a great addition to the story, a clever way for us as the audience to let us into her state of mind and to understand the situation from her perspective without being too on the nose and not being too abstract to be completely pointless. I liked the cinematography in this film, it looked great and there were some good moments of great camera work while there were some bad ones, but not enough to really be a significant negative for the film. Some parts of it definitely felt clumsy and not really clear but overall I understood what it was going for and I enjoyed it. It was a refreshing movie that i enjoyed and I didn't feel like I had wasted my time watching it, I am glad I did because it is a good movie with an interesting narrative and has unique feeling to it. TL:DR: uneventful and undeveloped overall, awkward editing decisions and camera work at points, but has some clever and interesting imagery and underlying themes, has a few great moments of emotional depth, has some good acting and two good main characters I could follow and empathise with, and is sophisticated in its approach and delivery. Would recommend.6.1/10
6 "The Book of Henry" is definitely not for people who like taut, coherent, logical plots devoid of standard clichés. As others have noted, it's really all over the place, and its mix of silly comedy and tear-jerker tragedy, realism and fantasy, cuteness and horror, and so forth doesn't exactly pan out in the end. Still, if you enjoy films that are simply different experiences, emotionally stirring even if they require you to heavily suspend disbelief, perhaps lay it aside altogether, this film will probably prove worth seeing, and you may really love it. It certainly keeps your attention with numerous surprises and much suspense. Fine acting by Naomi Watts and just about everyone else, along with some stunning scenery of the upstate NY setting, also help this film. I am glad to have seen "The Book of Henry" and would like to give it a higher rating, but with all its issues, I just can't.
6 So, I saw the first Flatliners years ago, and it was a film that somehow stuck with me. From what I remember raised me real questions about life after death, and had a dark psychological feel.This remake starts well. It seems to go in the same direction, but then it goes on to seem more like any other supernatural terror movie, using the same old tricks to get you jumping of your seat. Yeah I was surprised sometimes, got that "he's behind you - don't look" felling, but I was expecting more.And what's with the Kiefer Sutherland character? Should have a more active role than just being there - no connection to what happened to him in the 90s.Expecting more psychological stuff and less "in your face" goosebumps, but it was fun to watch and to be actually a bit scared.
6 I hate to say this as much anyone else but for me this film had a horribly disappoint ending. First before I delve into that I'd like to say that the acting, the writing, the shooting, the film in general as far as quality goes was very good. But the ending was very disappointing. And no I am no idiot or newbie when it comes to film. But I thought the was very much a cop out. Now granted I know this is based off of a novel, hence there are certain restraints to adhering to this novel somewhat. That being said I found the idea of the medical experimentation, mental hospital, nazi experiments, and astray patients much more tantalizing, realistic, and more full of potential. The trick ending where its all in someone's head is done far too often sadly. I was hoping that while it dragged one there at the end it would ultimately reveal he was playing them or that he would stay true and not give in. But that didn't happen. I guess for me I was just expecting something not so cliché for an ending from the likes of Scorsese's genius mind. But all things said and done I definitely can't give this movie all negative remarks, wonderfully acted and scripted. Great atmosphere, shooting, photography, etc. But I feel the ending should have been less cliché or not as cheap I guess. Felt like it was just an easy way out and not fully developing the tension and intrigue that they had built throughout. But either way its each to their own, so maybe you will appreciate the ending more than I. FYI - I do understand the undertones of the ending and the ambiguity, but I don't think that saves the ending or does the film justice in it's entirety.
6 "HHhH" ("The Man with the Iron Heart") is a decent historical war drama. It scores high marks for authenticity regarding locations, costumes, mores and props; however, with the exception of a few bare breasts, feels like a television movie. Although several thousand people are brutally murdered, the violence feels antiseptic, with a few spurts of blood and red stains on costumes, but no sense of either physical or emotional trauma. The nearly universal use of jiggly-cam shots serves as a constant distracting reminder that somebody is holding a camera, preventing the audience from ever fully suspending disbelief. Performances are good, but seem repressed, even when Reinhard tears up a room in frustration. At the end, the viewer is left wondering what it all means. Tremendous risks were taken, resulting in terrible consequences. The filmmakers offer no interpretation or moral and insufficient perspective for the audience to make their own judgment.
6 It just don't get better than that.  This is a great movie, and while it is true that the acting wasn't exactly stellar, well,  you definitely shouldn't be watching this movie for the acting in the first place.  A classic 80s flick in my estimation, Cocktail tells the story of a bartender trying to make it big.  A great movie, featuring some big movie stars before they were big movie stars.  After I watched it, I wanted to go downstairs to my wetbar and try spinning some bottles around like Tom Cruise.  Grade A.
6 I saw "Rough Night", starring Scarlett Johansson-Ghost in the Shell, The Prestige; Jillian Bell-Office Christmas Party, Bridesmaids; Zoe Kravitz- Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, X-Men:First Class and Kate McKinnon-SNL_tv, Office Christmas Party.This is a female version of the Hangover, with a little Weekend at Bernie's thrown in for good measure. The movie opens about 10 years earlier, with Scarlett, Jillian and Zoe in college and best friends. Jump to the present, and Scarlett is engaged to be married and her old friends want to throw her a bachelorette party in Miami. Kate is a newer friend of Scarlett's that joins them in Miami and becomes fast friends with everyone except Jillian, who seems to be just a tad jealous of her relationship with Scarlett. They all party, get drunk, do drugs, and wind up back at their rented beach house for some more fun. A male stripper is called and an accident happens that leaves the man dead. After a little brainstorming, the girls decide to get rid of the body but of course, things get even more complicated-nothing seems to go as planned. There is a funny cameo of some beach neighbors, who turn out to be swingers. As the end credits start, there is a scene and stay till the very end or you will miss an important plot point getting resolved. It's rated "R" for language, drug use, bloody images and sexual content- no real nudity but lots of penis shaped objects-and has a running time of 1 hour & 41 minutes. It's not quite as good as the Hangover was but it's good for some laughs and would be a good rental.
6 OK, I'm Gonna start off by saying that this is my first review on the site, because after seeing "Spider Man 3" I felt the urge to fully Analise it:Story- 10/10 The Story picks up from where it ended, leading the characters from the first two films onward to realizing their Comic- Book Potential (Especially Spidey Himself- Notice the "Key-to-the city" gig when he poses... That's Definitely the Spidey we all know) and placing the new characters in a very fitting way... it all goes as it should considering the story.Characters- 10/10 This is one of the things I liked most about this film- the FANTASTIC characters and how they develop. every character has a story of it's own and all of them are interesting, compelling and exciting in such a way that I have never seen in a Comic- Flick Since "Batman Begins". The best were Definitely Flint Marko/Sandman and Eddie Brock Jr./Venom. The first with his sad and Tragic persona and the other with his frustration and thirst for vengeance... both were very vital for this film and came through all the way.Acting- 7/10 This is NOT "Gone with the Wind", folks! It's an action/ comics flick so obviously we won't see any Oscar- worthy performances... when Peter started crying on Harry's dead body, THE ENTIRE THEATER BURSTED WITH LAUGHTER!!! However, here once again "the rescue" came from the villains: Topher Grace was absolutely Awesome as both Eddie Brock and Venom; he gave a powerful and very believable performance, and Thomas Haden Church did a TERRIFIC job portraying the Sandman (And the funny part is: I don't even like "Sandman" OR Thomas Haden Church! how crazy is THAT?)Action sequences- 10/10 Not A LOT of it but when there is some... its just beautiful... every action sequence is better then the previous one, and altogether you get some of the most unforgettable action- sequences both in Spidey history and comic- flicks history..Humor- 7/10 I can't remember the last time I laughed so hard in an Action- flick... as a matter of fact... I NEVER *EVER* LAUGHD SO HARD IN AN ACTION FLICK BEFORE! this film has parts that are absolutely hilarious, and most of them belongs to J.K Simmons's as J.J Jameson! (also I would like to add: the rumors are true: Bruce Campbell's cameo= PURE GOLD) but one of the main problems is that it didn't know when to stop and I found myself nearly crying when Peter started dance- walking in the streets, hitting on chicks... I just wanted it to stop! and don't even get me started on that Emo- crap!)Visual/ Special Effects- *11*/10 Yeah, you heard me! 11 out of 10!! 11!! 250,000,000 $!!! you can CLEARLY see where all the money went. Visually speaking, this is the best Film of 2007! NO JOKE!and finally... the most important:Staying true to the Comic- book's Spirit- 10/10 I can't even describe it with words... you will understand when you see it, trust me.If you are a true "Spider Man" Fan, go see it NOW! I guarantee you will NOT be disappointed.
6 Firstly, the film has a slow start. We see almost motion comic footage of Hercules doing his 12 labours in slideshow form, with Hercules face hidden in silhouette. So I felt a little cheated. Then we have a scene which tries to set up what makes this version of the main character different than any other version we have seen before. I wont give it away, as its basically what the film is about. But it tries to play with our knowledge of him. It doesn't ignore the back story of his wife and kids, but glosses over those parts until it becomes necessary to divulge that information. Again, i think it would have been better to see it, rather than be told what happened. I knew his history and so was wondering if they would portray this properly. Instead they do something to set-up a villain for the end which I wont give away. Just know that they do tie up all lose ends as needed, but a prior knowledge of who this character is and what he has done does help the viewer understand his motivations and his life up to this point.Its when the big war starts that you really sit up and start paying attention. Somehow watching the Rock talk doesn't interest you, but when the fighting starts with the epic 200 people battle sequences, you suddenly see where the budget went, the fights are fantastic!What is really great is how Hercules and his band of merry men (and woman) use smarts to outwit the enemy rather than simply use strength each time. That was clever. From the moment of that first fight the film moves up a notch and becomes excellent entertainment. Its a historical film and tries to be serious about its overall message. Dwayne does a good job but he's not going to win any awards for this. The other cast members actions are predictable and sufficient. But don't really add much to the plot. They could have been written out and it would have changed nothing. The running length is long enough to feel satisfied and not so long that it overstays its welcome. The plot twists you see coming a mile away but at least it tries to do them. Other than one characters actions near the end which was so obvious it was stupid to include.In conclusion, its worth watching. It takes it times to grab you, but once it does it doesn't let go. There are a few stretches of how strong Hercules is, but not enough for you to hate it. The 3D has its moments, but like most films I would rather have watched it in 2D as I don't think it made a major difference and its more comfortable not having to wear those glasses with my head upright the entire time.
6 This film gets its 10/10 from me for those few minutes where the 'normal' way women are so typically portrayed in the real world suddenly looked as bizarre and unnatural as it does for the men in this film. That eye-opening reversal of perspective is what this film is all about, and it is one of the most powerful and illuminating moments for me in any film.But I don't know what to make of the rest of it. The dubbing and the American accents made the whole movie feel odd and otherwordly, even before the switch, which detracted from its impact. Maybe we're just not used to seeing dubbed movies in English, but I would love to see a subtitled version, in the actors' actual voices, in sync with the movement of their lips.It deserves to be remade in other languages so that nothing stands in the way of the confronting message it offers - to avoid any excuses for the discomfort.
6 As a sci-fi fan, I tend to bring my scientific mind to watching movies about space. But this movie is more about the interaction of the characters than the Orbiter itself. Much is left to the imagination and what information is given serves only to advance the plot, not create canon for this universe. And don't let subtitles put you off, it's a nice film, and well worth watching. Another Spanish subtitled movie you might like if you enjoyed this one is Sleep Dealers.
6 Robbie K back, after being off the grid for a week. Tonight's review is on the latest "dystopian" feature film called The Circle. Former Hermione Granger, and more recently Belle, Emma Watson leads the film as she attempts to take us into the workings of a technological conglomerate who has knowledge as its key principle. Yet the trailers paint a much darker secret hidden in its stony walls, one that promises to be a real nail biter. Will this movie deliver those thrills, or are we stuck with another wash out? I'll do my best to answer that question, so sit back, and please read my latest thoughts. LIKES: Nice tool development  Emma Watson  Culturally Relevant Film  Solid Moral LessonSummary: We all know technology is becoming the heart of the world, if not already the heart of this country. And certainly, we all know that these technological marvels often require laborious development and maintenance to get the bugs out. The Circle portrays this very well, helping to develop the very tool that we all love. Throughout the journey, you'll get to see the development of the two-faced beast that is technology, and how it requires tweaking to get just "right". Not the highest selling point for a movie, but pretty cool. Of course, we all know many are going to go for the lovely Ms. Watson, to support the super actress they adore. Good news, Watson does a solid job holding up most of the movie, as she is primary the only main character of the film. Watson brings her charm to the screen once more, portraying intelligence, fortitude and inspiration in a manner that many will latch on to. Her accent is pretty sound (though it fluctuates at times), but she manages to deliver her lines with a decent balance of emotion, to sell her points most of the time. Yet the biggest strength of these movies is how culturally relevant it is to the audience. If you didn't gleam it from the trailers, The Circle is essentially a modernized version of the novel 1984 that once more addresses the issues of control, life sharing, and privacy. The film is certainly very political, but has a number of powerful lessons to teach about the place of technology and how easily it can be twisted. I myself liked the comments from Emma's followers, a fantastic representation of the shallow, superficial, and often selfish focus that the internet provides. The scenes are well developed to deliver the full emotional punch, which while not the most unique, can really shock you to the core at how true it can be. DISLIKES:  Cheesy acting at times  Other actors diluted  Missed character development  Ignorant/Idiotic moments  Lack of SuspenseSummary: Despite Watson's strong performance, she is involved in some overly cheesy moments. On many of the emotionally heated moments, she loses her balance and stretches into the overdramatic region, losing her accent and dialogue forte in the process. But even her worst acting doesn't hold a candle to some of the supporting characters who give either emotionally dull deliveries or lackluster performances. These moments are noticeable enough to offset the momentum of the movie, and derailing it from the quality the trailers promised. An even worse quality for me was how the other actors of the star-studded cast were reduced to simplistic roles. Legends like Tom Hanks, Patton Oswalt and even the late Bill Paxton are reduced to very linear roles, with little character development or expansion beyond what you've seen in the trailer. With such a strong cast, I can't help but feel disappointed at the missed potential of this movie and how much this all-star cast could have done to amp up the quality of this movie. Even worse, some of the characters, primarily Emma Watson's character, become so blindly ignorant that the intelligence they worked so hard building is diluted to an idiotic level. As a result, I found myself starting to loathe the character and how 180 they took the character. Yes, I understand the premise behind the movie, but it didn't work for me. Other characters also fell into this mix as well, each built to have this incredible skill that was either not used or rapidly reversed to make the characters seem weak. Yet the most disappointing aspect of this movieis the lack of suspense. The trailer made this film out to be a mystery meeting dystopian policing. Not the case at all. The Circle has no mystery, laying all the facts on the table and leaving little to be uncovered. You would think there would be intense moments of espionage, or policing by superiors to build up excitement, right? Sorry, this film doesn't have that either, with the "exciting climax" not showing up until the last twenty minutes of the movie. As such, the movie is pretty dull and lacks the entertainment quality you might have been seeking. The VERDICT:The Circle is indeed a "scary" film, but it's mainly due to the reality check provides concerning the dangers technology can provide. This strong message is certainly the strongest aspect of the movie and Emma Watson was a fantastic choice to deliver it. Unfortunately, the weak characters, diluted roles, and lack of suspense took away from the entertainment quality of the movie. Such a dull delivery, leaves me recommending this one for renting at home, or at least recommending you read the book (or books) it is based on. My scores are:Drama/Sci-Fi/Thriller: 6.0 Movie Overall: 5.0
6 So REC was really something special, but it was a collaboration between two directors. And I do have mad respect for the other one who had "Nameless" and "Darkness" already under his belt. So Paco here goes full horror with this and the end result is quite decent. It's not really anything new you get or that interesting (possession, demons and so forth).But it does work overall. So while it may not change your world view or shake your film world, it is something to watch, if you are into horror movies. There are quite some neat jump scares and the story has the right mood overall. The acting is also decent enough, it builds as expected and there is nothing much that is wrong with it. Except for its predictability I guess. So by the numbers, but better than off the rails
6 I enjoyed the movie. In my opinion the writing was really good, and they tried to make it suspenseful but it wasn't very, in my opinion. Guy Pearce plays a college Philosophy professor who just so happens to own the same looking car as the last person seen before a young woman went missing. Or was it him? Pierce Brosnan is going to figure it out, as he's playing the homicide detective. Along the way, Guy's wife is trying to figure out if her husband could have really had anything to do with this.I don't have really anything bad to say about it, but it wasn't the best movie that Pearce or Pierce have ever been in, though they do act well together. I'd love to see them do another film together.This movie is a slow burner, it REALLY gave me sort of a "Memento" vibe while watching it. They probably could have made it better though, there was plenty of room for improvement. But like I said, I enjoyed it. Decent flick to pass a couple hours.
6 The performance of Thomas Jane was the best part of this movie. I thought he was fantastic and believable. The movie was visually interesting, but it just never seemed to lift off the ground. It's not a movie you would recommend to others, or watch again. I am used to reading or seeing better from Stephen King.
6 I can't take my mind off this movie. The story is both universally human (old age, the end of life, parents and children) and specifically Japanese. The movie tells the viewer so much about Japanese middle class life in the 1950s: eating and sleeping; mourning the war dead; clothes and home furnishings; spoiled kids; a doctor's office; a schoolroom; life in Tokyo and small towns; how family members talk to each other; old men's drinking habits; a resort hotel. But while we see all these details of a real time and place, we are constantly drawn into reflection on the meaning of human life and relationships. The reflection emerges effortlessly from the simple narrative and the specifics. The director never annoyingly tells us how to feel, he is not preaching and not drawing attention to himself. (There is none of that "hey, I'm making a moving movie" crud that you get in Hollywood treatment of these topics). He just lets the story unfold in a quiet, natural way. It's not for folks who only like "action" movies. I put "action" in quotes because this movie is about the real action in life--enjoying life, sharing it with others, facing the end of it.
6 The ending wraps the movie up in a nice bow;it brings everything together and is more shocking than the plot would leave you to believe. I am one of those individuals who enjoys horror movies that end but leaves things incomplete or worse off. Truth or Dare does not disappoint in this regard. You are in the mood for a basic horror with a handful of quality scares, take a chance.
6 Yes, this film is cute, upbeat, and likable. But the plot is so obvious and clichéd. Heavyweight champion Apollo Creed needs a boxing partner for his next fight and it is decided to give an average joe boxer the chance to win the title on January 1, 1976, the 200th anniversary of the United States declaring independence. Well actually that would be July 4, but I won't quibble. That average joe is 3rd rate boxer Rocky Balboa (Sylvester Stallone) who makes ends meet by collecting for a mobster.Rocky only has eyes for cripplingly shy plain Adrian (Talia Shire) who works in the pet store. Adrian lives with her alcoholic bully of a brother, Paulie, who is a butcher and friends with Rocky. It would be easy to scratch your head and ask why Rocky never gave up pursuing Adrian who, if she wasn't disinterested, was so shy she might never come out of her shell. But Rocky saw himself as a diamond in the rough, regardless of other people's opinions, and I think he took the time to realize this young woman was a diamond in the rough too if only she would come out of that shell.Now everybody who can disrespects Rocky - the driver of the mobster he works for is always insulting him, a neighborhood girl who is hanging out with the bad kids is given an endearing lecture by Rocky about girls who have bad "reps" only to have her make an obscene gesture as they part after walking home, and most of all Mick (Burgess Meredith), who runs the local gym, is always yelling at Rocky about what a loser he is.When it becomes known that Rocky has been given a shot at the title, suddenly people want a piece of him. Mick comes to him and wants to be his manager. Rocky is not stupid. He realizes the difference in treatment is because of the opportunity he has been given, and if not for that people would still be walking on him. The scene between him and Mick where Rocky explodes with resentment is really good acting by Stallone.So Rocky does ultimately let Mick train him, and the scene of Rocky running after Mick after Rocky at first threw him out of his apartment is shot from a distance, so we never know what was said, and that again is good filmmaking. Rocky takes the whole thing seriously while Creed is too busy with public appearances to train.In parallel with Rocky's training is his romance with Adrian who transforms from a plain looking girl into a stylish pretty girl. This is one of those obvious things because Talia Shire was not an unknown. She was in the Godfather for Pete's sake, so the audience knows she is not ugly. Just don't style her hair, dress her drably, no makeup and some geeky looking glasses and voila - the ugly duckling. Rocky's unconditional love gives her confidence to dress well and present herself attractively.So the big day comes, Rocky has done his homework, Creed hasn't really prepared, expecting this to be a three round publicity stunt. Adrian has changed so much that nobody who knew her three months ago could recognize her in a lineup. How does all of this end up? Watch and find out.I don't think this was the Best Picture of 1976, but it was probably the most upbeat of the A pictures that came out that year. Look at its competition - "All The President's Men" which was about Watergate, "Network" about a bloodless television executive who will do anything for ratings, "Taxi Driver" about a psychologically troubled ex-marine, and "Bound For Glory" about a folk singer of the Depression era who died of just about the worst disease on earth. Maybe the Academy just wanted to pick a feel good film, and Rocky was the only one that fit that bill.
6 Although this premiere TV episode comes across as a high quality big screen production in which it does have its moments there is more to be desired. The TV premiere opens up with a cancer victim named Stella Abbott (Lucy Hale) jetting off to Paris (via the retro like Mary Tyler Moore opening song) to find true love with a British black man named Wes (Elliot Knight) and they quickly get married to enjoy her last few months on planet earth.Stella's parent love her as do Stella's brother and older sister and all of them have apparently put their lives on a permanent hold pattern to ensure Stella's last days on earth before the big "C" take her away are the most joyous. The pretense of the series is that after Stella comes home from Paris with her new British beau who she marries she is told that her previously incurable cancer has actually now been miraculously fully cured. Now Stella and her family cannot continue their charade of giving her a carefree life and bountiful love as her dad Paul Abbott (Dylan Walsh) who is a college professor has extended his credit with the banks further than it should have to allow Stella's last few months to feel like a princess.Now Stella's fairy princess lifestyle and her Prince Charming husband Wes have to come to terms that it is unrealistic to live every day as if it may be their last one together since Stella has been given a new "life sentence" by her Doctor Helena Chang (Anna Enger). As stated earlier, this premiere episode utilizes a Hollywood style opening Paris scene to draw in the romantics, as well as attempting an Ed Sheeran hit tune to boost the music lovers in all of us but is this sufficient enough fuel to continue watching? I am not sure by simply hitting key demographics such as mixed marriages, cancer survivors, a lesbian mom, a wife stealing brother, and a struggling college professor, what is the actual weekly story going to tell its audience? I think Life Sentence will be done by the time summer hits us and the star Lucy Hale will be looking for another TV career from the one she has here as a barista.I give the series a 6 out of 10 rating. I just don't feel it lasting. Sorry Stella but I think your days are still numbered so enjoy the TV spotlight this spring while you still can.
6 Pretty cool cast, and interesting premise muddied by oddities, implausibilities, and a juvenile sense of story. Is this a film set in a world where crazy stuff happens as a matter of course, or a normal every day world where crazy stuff happens every now and then? In this film, I see pretty normal people doing normal things and having normal things happen to them, so why is it the writer/director chose to litter what could have been a very good film with SO much bizarro bs? And with literally ZERO character development? Three giant billboards THAT close to the road and THAT close together - I've driven all over the country and never saw that. Billboards in rural areas tend to be smaller and definitely not that close together for obvious reasons. WHO is this woman, Mildred? We know literally nothing about her beside the fact that her daughter was murdered. Eventually we find out she's divorced and has a son who lives with her, but if one is to care about the protagonist, character development is crucial. As it is, it's interesting to watch her do and say crazy stuff, but I couldn't care less about her.WHY is it, two male characters directly related to the protagonist have a girlfriend & wife 20+ years their junior? Do they live in a part of the country where such a thing is commonplace? What are the odds of that? Probably about the same as if your dentist won the lottery but then your mailman did also. Yes, possible, but very, very odd and distracting.Why does Willoughby's wife have an English accent? Was he in the military and met her while overseas? Is it common for a small town in Missouri to have British accented residents? If there was ANY character development, maybe we'd know these things. As it is, it's distracting and elicits questions that shouldn't have to be asked. $5000/month for three previously forgotten about, decrepit billboards on a road people don't use anymore? LOL. For someone who is supposed to be a savvy, tough, non-nonsense older lady with the wisdom of the Buddha, that's pretty dumb.A cop smashes office windows, assaults a man and throws him out a 2nd story window with no jail time. Really?! Why does Willoughby have fatal cancer? Seems as no more than a cheap device used to heap more disdain on Mildred. Yawn. Dixon ends up in the same hospital room as the man he assaulted? Is that supposed to be ironic? And again, what are the odds? Mildred firebombs the police station, nearly kills a cop, and then just says "I didn't do it" and that's the end of it?! Really? Some creepy stranger visits Mildred in her store and harasses her, THEN is overheard in a bar talking about committing a crime, maybe the crime in question, but alas even after Dixon cleverly retrieves dna from the guy, it turns out he's not even a local, and wasn't around when the crime occurred. Why then does the creepy guy know so much about the crime in question and WHY is he harassing Mildred!?!?!?! WHY?Then to top off ALL that nonsense, Dixon and Mildred decide to go murder the creepy guy anyway, LOL, how profound.
6 An interesting film.Straight off the bat you can tell it has a huge appeal to the male demographic lol, but if you just want to see this for the partying, boobs, bikinis, and women.. well that stuff is definitely there but you'll probably be bored by the 30-minute mark and want to stop watching (unless you're into watching all that alcohol-drenched grinding chugfest). I have to say it started off pretty slow and boring, and the story only really starts to pick up after you've watched halfway through. Spring Breakers is labeled as a comedy/drama, and even though I kinda smiled at a few parts, it really wasn't a comedy. It was more of a dark/artistic drama. So if you're thinking of watching it for the laughs, I'd reconsider if I were you!For those of you who haven't seen it, all I have to say is that it's a bizarre movie which, if you can make yourself look past the 'shallow' part of the film and accept that yes, it does seem to glorify a bunch of skin-clad women, drugs, guns, gangsters, the 'American Dream' (which is essentially what its whole premise is built around), then you'll be able to see a lot more in the story in terms of a message or even a subtle 'reality check' of the kind of mentality some teenagers face in a generation like this. Now if you're watching the trailer and you're thinking this is just another one of those films that sells sex appeal, well, you are partly right. But nevertheless there are still a few surprisingly beautiful moments/scenes in between all the hardcore partying (that pretty much only happens in the first half of the film): like the majestic, almost bonfire-like dance done by the spring breakers wearing pink balaclavas and holding semi-automatic rifles to the tune of James Franco playing Britney Spears' "Everytime" on a white piano in his sea-side estate backyard. It was definitely bizarre, and it was beautiful. I also want to point out that there is a lot of music in this, and I can see why many people think this movie is just an over-lengthy music video haha. I really liked the 'dark' parts of the film though, when the party-vibe dies down, when the music becomes a little gloomier, the characters; a little more confused.. it brings out that contrast between the oh-so-lively, crazy, fun, wild party scenes and that back-to-reality/'what-do-we-do-now' feeling.I feel like I can understand why a lot of people absolutely hated watching this. I mean yeah, if you look at it from the start and from all angles in an objective way, this film is a real mess. It really has no strong plot, tries to be realistic (documenting the exposures of teens today) and at the same time surrealistic (bikini's in court rooms?), touches on some of the most dangerous and controversial topics to bring into a film (some people automatically flip the 'no' switch when they see an insane amount of taboos in a film), and is in general a turn off to a lot of people who like to see strong, clever plots in a film. But if you can see past all that and accept it like those things were used as an art-form (even if you know they were not), then Spring Breakers becomes an experience into the lives of four young girls and their 'trip' of a lifetime. I do believe that things like what is depicted in the film (although not as extreme, but maybe?) happen in our world today so I think that it's definitely a good idea to gain some insight into the way some of today's generation think and act. I mean if you watch it and hate it, that's okay too. But I don't think it's a waste of anyone's time to find out more about where they're currently standing and how comfortable they are with regards to the topics in this film.7/10+1 for James Franco's convincing transformation. (I didn't even know it was him until after the movie.. haha)so.. 8/10
6 Merry Christmas to all you Tarantino fans out there. I hope you made a Tarantino checklist so here we go.Witty dialogue, check. Excessive profanity especially use the word 'nigger', check. Excessive violence including testicles getting blown off, check. Soulful musical score, check. Sometimes non-linear narrative, check. Shots of women's feet, check. Very great character driven plot, check. An actual spaghetti western, even though it takes place in the American South, check.There are four standout characters played by the top billed actors.Jamie Foxx plays Django, a freed slave who becomes a bounty hunter. Even though he is the titular character, he gets downplayed when in the presence of the other actors. Still he delivers a solid performance, in fact hes very convincing. We all know Jamie Foxx as this golden voice RnB singer and comedian with a very clean cut image. He was able to pull off the whole transitioning from a timid slave to a menacing bounty hunter. Not only that he had the whole look down too, with all the facial scarring and the messy hair.Christoph Waltz plays Dr. King Schulz, a German dentist turned bounty hunter who frees Django so he could help pursue his previous owners who are targets. Waltz is a very charismatic actor, and thats how he does this role. Presents every line with finesse.Leonardo Dicaprio is in his best yet. He plays a plantation owner, Calvin Candie, and is the owner of Django's wife. This is a very different role. We've seen Leonardo in gritty roles before but never did he play this lecherous antagonist. We were all used to Leo being this teen idol, who looked like a member of Hanson. Here he's this Southerner with discoloured teeth and a scruffy beard.Finally Samuel L. Jackson who plays Steve, a house slave who you could say is the secret antagonist here. For all the screen time that he has he dominates. Sam usually plays boisterous roles as a tough guy, but it was very interesting seeing him play a devious and manipulative old man.The only gripe here was that this film was a little too long exceeding the three act structure, but its an epic western film so I'll excuse Tarantino for that. Yet again he made another great film with a lot of flair and carried well by the four big hitter actors. Well done Mr. Tarantino.
6 Fritz Lang's groundbreaking landmark remains one of the biggest mysteries in the world of cinema. How can a movie that'll soon turn 80 years old still look so disturbingly futuristic?? The screenplay by Thea Von Harbou is still very haunting and courageously assails social issues that are of all ages. The world has been divided into two main categories: thinkers & workers! If you belong to the first category, you can lead a life of luxury above ground but if you're a worker, your life isn't worth a penny, and you're doomed to perilous labor underground. The further expansions and intrigues in the screenplay are too astonishing to spoil, so I strongly advise that you check out the film yourself. It's essential viewing, anyway! "Metropolis" is a very demanding film-experience and definitely not always entertaining. But, as it is often the case with silent-cinema classics, the respect and admiration you'll develop during watching it will widely excel the enjoyment-aspect. Fritz' brutal visual style still looks innovative and few directors since were able to re-create a similarly nightmarish composition of horizontal and vertical lines. Many supposedly 'restored' versions have been released over the years (in 1984 and 2002, for example) but the 1926-version is still the finest in my opinion, even though that one already isn't as detailed and punctual as Lang intended it. "Metropolis" perhaps is THE most important and influential movie ever made. "2001: A Space Odyssey", "Star Wars" and "Blade Runner" owe their existence (or at least their power) to it.
6 ***This review may contain spoilers***Disappointing sequel, I gave it 6 out of 10 for the actors that made an effort. The story line was poor, the jokes were not funny and its seemed more like the "Fat Amy" show than Beca's perspective. I thought Anna Kendrick and Skylar Astin had great chemistry in the prequel Pitch Perfect and here we did not get to see it again, their relationship seemed some what cold. There is less of Anna Kendrick and a lot less of Skylar Astin, which is disappointing, he's a great singer, dancer and actor. Even though all the characters returned, I would prefer to just remember the prequel Pitch Perfect and forget that I watched Pitch Perfect 2. Also the music was not as good as the prequel's.
6 Thrilling and suspense movie based on Frederick Knott's play , author of other successful and equally adapted books as ¨Wait until dark¨ and ¨The honey pot¨ . A London ex-tennis pro (Ray Milland) carries out a plot to murder his wife and then he hires a killer (Anthony Dawson who recreates his stage role) . When things go wrong , he improvises a brilliant plan B . In the city , wealthy Margot Mary Wendice (Grace Kelly) had a brief love affair with the American writer Mark Halliday (Robert Cummings) while her husband and professional tennis player Tony Wendice was on a tennis tour . But his plan for pulling off the perfect crime is temporarily foiled and quickly switches to another plan . Meanwhile a Police Inspector (John Williams who won the 1953 Tony Award to recreate his stage role of Chief Inspector Hubbard) investigates the deeds .Top-notch suspense film of a man plotting spouse's killing , full of sustained intrigue , thrills , a few interesting twists and entertainment . The picture , stagy at times , is formed by two parts , a Plan A and a Plan B with even more fun . Casting is frankly magnificent , the stars are excellently cast . Splendid performances from Ray Milland as a rather likable nasty who desires to inherit his wife's fortune and John Williams as an obstinate Inspector who carries out the subsequent investigation . Furthermore , a gorgeous and wonderful Grace Kelly ; Hitch arranged to have Grace dressed in bright colors at the start of the film and made them progressively darker as time goes on. Colorful and shimmer cinematography by Robert Burks who uses intelligent camera vantages , being photographed in Technicolor and 3D , which explains the prevalence of low-angle shots with lamps and other objects between us and the cast members. Thriller and suspenseful musical score by the classic Dimitri Tiomkin . The movie was skillfully shot in 36 days: August 5-September 25 1953 , by the maestro Hithcock , including his well-known touches and as usual the same appears a cameo on the left side of the reunion photograph . Rating : Above average , and ranked #9 on the American Film Institute's list of the 10 greatest films in the genre "Mystery" .Remade for television (1981) by Boris Sagal with Angie Dickinson and Christopher Plummer and for cinema as ¨A perfect murder¨(1998) by Andrew Davis with Viggo Mortensen , Gwyneth Paltrow and Michael Douglas as the husband , but this time , the man he contracts to kill his wife results to be her lover .
6 'DADDY'S HOME 2': Four Stars (Out of Five) A sequel to the 2015 hit comedy starring Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg, as two rival fathers competing for the same children's love. In this follow-up they're now friends, and they have to deal with their own fathers visiting for the holidays, who are also complete opposites as well of course. Mel Gibson and John Lithgow join the cast, as the elder dads, while Linda Cardellini and John Cena also reprise their roles from the original movie. The film was once again directed by Sean Anders, and it was written by Anders and John Morris (the same duo also co-wrote the original, as well as 'HOT TUB TIME MACHINE', 'SEX DRIVE', 'SHE'S OUT OF MY LEAGUE', 'WE'RE THE MILLERS', 'HORRIBLE BOSSES 2', and other hit comedies). This film has received nearly unanimous negative reviews from critics, but it's done really well at the Box Office (and with viewers there). I thought it was pretty funny too actually.Brad and Dusty (Ferrell and Wahlberg) now get along perfectly, and our doing a really effective job co-parenting their kids together. Then both of their fathers, Kurt (Gibson) and Don (Lithgow), decide to visit them for the holidays. Kurt is extremely egotistical, obsessively masculine, and a bit of a sexist asshole. Don is really sweet, kind and friendly. More family drama occurs because of their visit, which causes conflict between Brad and Dusty again as well. Especially when Brad invites the biological father (Cena) of Dusty's stepdaughter over.The movie is frequently very funny. It definitely has some bad jokes in it too, and it's a pretty routine family Christmas comedy, but it's still mostly funny. Adding Gibson to the cast, as the womanizing chauvinistic pig, was brilliant casting in my opinion as well, and he's hilarious in the role. Lithgow is also good in his part too, and Ferrell and Wahlberg are both effective once again too. I actually enjoyed this sequel more than it's predecessor; it seems more packed with quality humor to me, at least in my opinion. It's also more fun that it's set at Christmas (in my opinion as well).
6 On the Criterion Collection DVD of Orson Welles' classic "Citizen Kane" there is an original theatrical trailer where Welles cleverly advertises the film by introducing us to the cast including the chorus girls, whom he refers to as some nice ballyhoo. That pretty much sums up my opinion of the often over analyzed film that always shows up at the top of the list of greatest films ever made. Even though this was the first time I sat down to watch the film as a whole, I knew everything about it from studying it in film class and from the countless number of essays, homages, and parodies that have come down the pike over the years. It seems impossible now to judge the film against a blank slate, but with great ballyhoo comes great scrutiny.Released in 1941 by RKO as a Mercury Theater Production, "Citizen Kane" is the tale of an influential and shockingly wealthy newspaper tycoon (Welles) inspired by the life of William Randolph Hearst. The story follows the investigation into the origins of "Rosebud"-the mysterious word Kane utters on his deathbed. Following newsreel footage announcing Kane's death, we are then thrust into a series of flashbacks through interviews with various people who knew Kane that reveal the nature of his character.From a technical standpoint, Welles' film is as innovative and engrossing today as it was yesterday. Every single piece of cinematic trickery, every dissolve, every long tracking shot, every seamless edit, every play with chronology, every special effect is perfect. Welles was audacious and inventive with his art, and it is for these technical aspects that "Citizen Kane" will always stand the test of time.However, the story of "Citizen Kane" remains cold and distant. I didn't instantly connect with the characters and the plot the way I did with other classics from the period like "Casablanca" or "The Third Man" or even more recently, "There Will Be Blood." Often, the supporting players over-act, and the flashbacks are tedious (especially the one detailing Kane's second marriage) or emotionless (like the scene showing Kane's snow covered childhood). There's a certain smug arrogance to the whole production that makes it seem like perhaps Welles was secretly making a comedy. It leaves one wondering how it would've come across had Welles actually been allowed to do a straight up biopic of Hearst.Is it any wonder that so many critics today hail this as THE all time great? Much of today's cinema is geared towards style and technique over substance, and way back in 1941, Welles was the first to author this very modern brand of cinema where the art is not in the story but how it is told and shown to the audience. His "Citizen Kane" is technically rich, layered, and enthralling but narratively vapid. Did I ever really care about Kane or Rosebud? No, but it was fascinating to watch. It's some very nice ballyhoo indeed.
6 I had to go watch this movie series just to justify the mixed ratings I read.Well, I have to say, In My Opinion, there was more going on in this movie that was unrealistic and slow than favorable / enjoyable moments.So, personally, I won't hold fire against the comments that rated this movie below a 7. I actually would say they are right on target.I have to say movie quality has certainly went down over the last 6 yrs. I'm beginning to believe many directors and movie industries are expecting movie goers will watch anything with engaging previews to suck us in and torture us with the rest of the movie being BAD.I am a sci-fi fantasy type movie lover, loving the tech and all that stuff, however, there is a threshold as to what I enjoy watching when it comes to this type of movie genre and this movie just don't quite get there for me. Divergent followers or not, this movie fails for the length of time and plot it delivers to be enjoyable.As stated before, I don't believe in rating movies terribly low, so I give this movie series a generous 6 without going into more details.Thanks
6 Let's be honest. Vacation isn't one of those must see movie blockbusters, and would probably be one of the last choices for anyone to watch for the month. On the other hand, its much easier to arrange a group movie outing as the chances of everyone watching that is pretty low ;)The ratings for this particular movie are quite bad(reference Rottentomatoes), which is no surprise as most crude comedies are rated so. It wasn't as crude as I expected it to be though.(then again maybe thats because it was moderated in Singapore)To sum it up, we went in with low expectations. But! I could hear the hall filled with laughter through-out the movie! and we came out smiling and discussing about the funny parts as well. All in all an enjoyable movie experience :)Yes, it's not gonna win any awards or sure. but for anyone looking for a light-hearted movie packed with laughter, WATCH THIS! :D I was honestly afraid of drinking my soda for fear of spurting it out from laughter.
6 Despicable Subject Matter and Violent but Exciting Film. Good Looking Actors. Movie sends a strong message that Human Trafficking MUST Stop. The scenes with William Fichtner are well done ! Soundtrack catchy. In the End I wanted to kick the bad guys ass
6 Wasn't bad at all it could've been better actually it has a good acting good fights plot not too much but entertaining this was the first real film for director Suzi Ewing I would support her and would recommend this movie to others , keep up the good work Suzi ...
6 The mighty majestic mountains that line the world. These monolithic displays of nature are icons for so many forms of expression such as poetry, video game stages, and yes even movies. Such symbolism is perfect to craft such an obstruction for heroes to face, all while teaching valuable lessons. And thus leads me to my next review, on a movie that centers on the immobile giants that watch over the world. The Mountain Between Us is the name of the film and its trailers have certainly stirred up a storm in the world of reviews. Robbie K here hoping to guide you through the mess to help guide your viewing pleasures. LIKES:The acting: Like the mountains they are stuck in, the lead actors in this movie are giants themselves, displaying their talents to high levels. Idris Elba once more blows my mind out how well he executes his roles. He sells the suffering surgeon well, playing the internalization well and the survivalist even more. Kate Winslet as ever brings her character to life, taking the fiery spirit she has within, and unleashing it in a manner that is wild, yet honed as the movie progresses. The two certainly have the portrayal of suffering down pat (they can really shiver) but on many levels they play well off each other, especially in the beginning. The Dog: While not the main human actor, the dog is by far the character I cared about the most. This animal, while of course like many of his canine brethren, was cute to me and impressive in the work it had to do. Trekking through the show, climbing mountains, and a variety of other things the dog certainly caught my eye for much of the screen. In addition, because I'm a big animal fan, the dog was the character that kept me engaged in the film. Every scene transition, or new challenge I couldn't help, but think "What happened to the dog." That component is perhaps the biggest hooking element in the movie to keep you into the film. What is its fate? Can't tell you, you'll have to watch. The Scenery: While it is no substitute for the real thing, The Mountain Between Us is a great example of stunning camera work. My breath was taken away by all the panoramic shots of the wilderness from the ever expanding sky in the peaks, to the silent wonder of the forest littering the valleys below. It brings out the deadly force that mother nature holds and stunned me by the majesty of the visual prowess cameras can pick up. So while it is again not the same thing as hiking these majestic peaks, it is the next best thing. DISLIKES:Diluted Suspense: If you are like me, the trailers might have you believe this was going to be the most suspenseful movie of the year. Unfortunately, I was fooled again. This film has some moments that got my anxiety building, but a majority of it is an almost peaceful trek through the snow. While they are certainly cold, our character's journey through the frozen wastelands lacked many elements to build up the intensity. Perhaps the lack of a cinematic score, or the fact that obstacles seemed cleared too easily thanks to convenience, this movies frozen fury was almost a little too fragile for me. Or maybe it was the other focus of the movie that downgraded the suspense for meThe Love Theme: Yes, just like the symbolic title suggests, the main wedge is the character's backstories preventing them from moving to the obvious sign of starting a romance. Much of the film tries to get the two to address their rather quick development of passion for one another in some rather lackluster ways. I wasn't sold on the romance for the most part, and the actors themselves didn't seem quite charmed by each other outside of one rather pointless scene. The friendship factor at the beginning was much stronger, and would have been the route I had taken in developing the story. Again, I don't necessarily hate love, but I would like it better portrayed for my investment. Disproportion: Timing the movie, as good geeks do, it took only 8 minutes to get up on the mountain. While I appreciate the fast pace, it gave little time to get to know the characters or at least give them a decent introduction to the madness about to be had. This opening was rather shallow and quite disappointing in the grand scheme of the movie. Yet it's not quite as bad as the dragged out ending of this film. While not as long as Return of The King, and all its false exits, The Mountain Between Us sort fizzles out in the end. This tangent was not necessary, a quick closure to try and tidy up some loose ends of a weaker component of the film. Worst off, the chemistry started to falter, making this an awkward mess with a rather cheesy, albeit poetic, ending. Not sure why these last 25 minutes needed to exist, but it could have been better spent in the beginning and end of the movie. The VERDICT:The Mountain Between Us is a beautiful spectacle of what the world can provide in terms of a stage, certainly blowing my mind on the visuals. Alongside this majestic scenery comes some quality acting and a hooking factor in the form of the dog. Yet these tools alone couldn't save this movie from being semi-dull. With the tension dropped to a PG level for symbolism and awkward love, alongside disproportioned parts, I can't say this movie delivered all I wanted. The visuals might be the main theater worthy component, but this reviewer suggests holding out for RedBox to catch it. My Scores:Action/Adventure/Drama: 6.5 Movie Overall: 5.5
6 When you watch a Tyler Perry movie, there is a certain formula. This had some of the same elements but not the same formula. It was from one person's point of view but as viewer it allowed you to see both sides of the story. The green screen was obvious, and it was slightly annoying. The ending should've been different.
6 Spike Lee's 'reimagining' of the Park Chan-Wook cult classic 'Oldboy' is a queer creature despite the notable absence of the original's iconic octopus-slurping scene. Those unfamiliar with Park's original, which itself was based on a late 1990s Japanese manga, will likely find it bizarre and even off-putting; and yet those who have seen and loved Park's 2004 Cannes Gran Prix winner are likely to dismiss this as mild and underwhelming compared to the original. But most of all, there is something distinctly Asian in the tale's themes of revenge and solitude that feel an odd and therefore unsatisfying fit for an Americanised "reinterpretation".Yes, to call Lee's version a remake will be – if you take the filmmaker's words for it – akin to blasphemy. According to Lee, he and his writer Mark Protosevich had not sought to remake Park's movie; rather, they have returned to the manga by Garon Tsuchiya and Nobuaki Minegishi to shape a similar yet somewhat different story that keeps the essential baroque details intact. And so the setup is the same – a cold- blooded businessman is drugged and held captive in a windowless hotel room for 20 years, before being let out in a suitcase in the middle of a field.The ever dependable character actor Josh Brolin plays the titular character named Joe Doucett, which we are introduced to as a boozy advertising executive who blows a make-or-break deal by propositioning his client's wife at the very meeting. His sentence for the next two decades while in captivity includes watching a ripped off version of 'America's Most Wanted' where he is held as the prime suspect for his ex-wife's murder, in between being fed the daily news as well as Chinese dumplings. The question upon his release is not who, but why – as 'District 9's' Sharlto Copley plainly puts to him after revealing himself very early into the movie as Joe's captor – which forms the core of the mystery behind his unusual circumstance.Joe is aided in his subsequent quest for punishment and redemption by a bartender friend (The Sopranos' Michael Imperioli) as well as a kind- hearted social worker (Elizabeth Olsen). He has a timeline too – Copley threatens to kill his daughter in the next 48 hours if he fails to figure out his identity as well as the reason for his imprisonment. Neither should be unfamiliar to those who have seen Park's version; indeed, despite what Lee and Protosevich claim, they have only sought to vary the details from their predecessor.So instead of an exercise in dentistry when Joe confronts the caretaker of his prison (Samuel L. Jackson), we are treated to an equally grotesque sequence where he slices bits of skin from off the man's throat. Instead of gobbling an octopus live and whole, Joe merely stares hard at the animal in a restaurant aquarium. And perhaps most significantly, Joe gets to restage the original film's iconic extended sequence where his character takes on an entire army of thugs with no more than a claw hammer and pure rage - a three and a half minute scene rehearsed for six weeks which to Lee's credit, loses none of its predecessor's visceral thrills. Notwithstanding the distinct sense of familiarity with the proceedings, there is just something lost in translation. Park's original was the second and perhaps most famous instalment of his "Vengeance Trilogy" whose exploration of redemption and salvation was firmly set against a unique cultural context; unfortunately, the motivations for Joe's imprisonment lack that dramatic heft when yanked out of that context, especially since the inherent familial concepts make much more sense within an Asian setting. Lee also does himself little favour by undermining an otherwise grim and thoughtful story with cartoonish elements, most notably Jackson's garish performance (complete with blonde ponytail we may add) as Joe's chief jailer turned tormentor.Thankfully, Brolin anchors the titular role with his compelling presence, built on a single-minded embrace of his character's vengeance. His transformation from self-pity to determination is a testament to his prowess as an actor, not to mention his dedication by having gained and then lost a lot of weight. Olsen provides a surprisingly warm emotional centre to the movie, especially in portraying the love angle between her character and Joe - which happens to be one of the ancillary additions Protosevich has brought to this adaptation. Copley is similarly excellent as the demented mastermind behind Joe's depravity, in particular when the two finally confront each other's demons in the operatic climax.Yet call it what you may, but Lee's "reinterpretation" can never quite dissociate itself from Park's festival cult classic. Not only do the key elements remain similar, Lee also retains the iconic touches of the South Korean original. But beyond the graphic brutality, there is just something too culturally specific about the story's twists on revenge and redemption that defy a cross-cultural interpretation. It won't satisfy fans weaned on Park's version, nor for that matter is it likely to win over new converts with its uneven mix of fantasy and stylised naturalism. They'll be baffled, they'll be astonished, but it is unlikely if you are encountering this tale for the first time that you'll be impressed.
6 "Miss Congeniality" is a fun little comedy with Bullock at the center playing an FBI agent who has to go undercover as a beauty pageant contestant. Bullock is finally in her element in this flick which sports a lively screeplay, a clever script with lots of "call backs", and a good supporting cast. A must see for Bullock fans and a fun watch for most others.
6 Billy Wilder's "The Apartment" is a film which can produce some of the biggest laughs and at the same time... can bring many viewers to tears, Billy Wilder's quaint little tale about everyday people who get tangled up in love, jealousy and infidelity boasts a top-notch cast led by the trio of Lemmon, MacLaine and MacMurray who are tremendous. The plot revolves around C.C. (Lemmon) who unknowingly makes the unethical attempt of climbing the corporate ladder by 'loaning' his apartment to members from his management chain to entertain their 'women on the side'. Given the change of circumstances, this premise certainly could even hit home in the current office environment. Although the office party and secretarial gossip scenes could be viewed as dated, the power and attitude of the corporate executive, Mr. Sheldrake (MacMurray) is certainly symbolic. The character of Fran (MacLaine) for today's standards of course seems too submissive and vulnerable but the reward of her finding true, admirable, unconditional companionship is quite enriching and fulfilling to any who see this memorable film.
6 In London, the wealthy Margot Mary Wendice (Grace Kelly) had a brief love affair with the American writer Mark Halliday (Robert Cummings) one year ago while her husband and professional tennis player Tony Wendice (Ray Milland) is traveling in a tennis tour. Tony quits playing to dedicate to his wife and finds a regular job and she decides to give a second chance for their marriage. When Mark arrives from America to visit the couple, Margot tells him that she had destroyed all his letter but one that was stolen in a depot; then she was blackmailed through letters but she had never retrieved the stolen letter. Tony arrives home and claims that he needs to work, and asks Margot to go with Mark to the theater. Meanwhile Tony calls the scum Captain Lesgate - aka Charles Alexander Swann (Anthony Dawson) that studied with him in the college and blackmails him to murder his wife, so that he would inherit her fortune. But there is no perfect crime, and things do not work as planned by Tony."Dial M for Murder" is one of the best thrillers of cinema history, with a theatrical story supported by an excellent screenplay and top-notch performances. Ray Milland is superb in the role of the Machiavellian and cynical Tony Wendice; Grace Kelly is extremely gorgeous and sweet in the role of a wife in the 50's; and John Williams is great in the role of the efficient and fussy Chief Inspector Hubbard. This time, the cameo of Alfred Hitchcock is in the picture of Tony's reunion. In 1998, Andrew Davis remade this movie with "A Perfect Crime", with Michael Douglas, Gwineth Paltrow and Viggo Mortensen. My vote is nine.Title (Brazil): "Disque M para Matar" ("Dial M for Murder")
6 I first watched Tokyo Story in a classroom some time ago and witnessed something curious. I have never seen a group of people so choked up over a film, ever. The most curious thing about it though is that most could not place what exactly made them so emotional. There are moments in Tokyo Story in which you are hit with a wall of emotions, surprised and overwhelmed that this simple little film could evoke such feelings. It's something about the characters, the honesty, the way everything hits home despite the cultural and time-period barriers.Tokyo Story takes a deep look at familial relations in postwar Japan. Simply, it boils down to this: two aging parents (played by Ryu Chishu and Higashiyama Chieko) live far away from their children, who are in a quickly modernizing Tokyo. The children in Tokyo are quite selfish and focused on their own busy lives in the hustle-and-bustle of the city. The key character in this film, though, is Noriko (Hara Setsuko), the widow of one of the parents' sons who died in the war. Noriko turns out to be more active with her husband's parents than their own children are.The parents decide to make their first, and possibly final, trip to Tokyo in order to see their children and view the spectacle of the city. The only person that can make significant time for them, however, is Noriko; the children are busy with work and even send their parents away to a spa! In one heartfelt scene, the mother, Tomi, spends the night at Noriko's in which she begs her to re-marry and apologizes for the burden that her son has caused. During this time, the father, Shukichi, is out drinking with old friends and admits to them that he is disappointed with his children, agreeing with his friends who feel the same way.Ozu Yasujiro is considered to be one of the world's greatest filmmakers and Tokyo Story is considered his masterpiece. There is no reason to deny this. Ozu's camera is often a topic of discussion–it usually sets itself at the level of people sitting on the floor (tatami), which allows the viewer to feel like they are sitting right with the characters. It is usually always a calm camera, and very rarely pans. His films are also often slowly paced and meditative, choosing to avoid showing important events which later are revealed through dialogue. Ozu's direction of children has always been brilliant, they are never a weak point in his films and he often bases his stories on child characters (though not here).Tokyo Story contains all of the elements that make Ozu's films popular with film students and cinephiles today. His calm, observant camera; his real-life, non-embellished characters; his attention to detail and the emotional emphasis on certain objects; his perfectly timed music; among other things, contribute ultimately to the warmth and effectiveness of the film. Ozu's passion for filmmaking knew no bounds.Tokyo Story will not appeal to everybody, especially today. The typical moviegoer will either dismiss the film because it is "old" or "black and white," or find it boring. To the cautious and attentive viewers who allow themselves to connect with the characters and feel the story, Tokyo Story is a rewarding experience. Tokyo Story, along with Ozu's other films, is a good example of film as an art. Aimed at telling a story and depicting true life on camera, it is much less of the "entertainment" experience that people have come to expect from the movies today. There are no explosions, violence, chase scenes, or over- the-top characters here. This is Ozu. This is one of the greatest films ever made.
6 Here's The Lowedown on "Beyond Skyline" (R - 2017 - US/Indonesia)...We both know this is a one way trip!!Genre: Sci-Fi/InvasionMy Score: 6.1Cast=6 Acting=5 Plot=4 Ending=7 Story=4CGI=8 Pace=6 Violent=8 Invasion=6 Alien=7When the alien invaders take his son, a detective must risk it all to get him back...and try to help as many people as possible."You can run for the exits or you can fight back...to your last breath." The first movie was a letdown for me, so I lowered my expectations to watch the second one. All in all, it was pretty good...good CGI and the fights weren't bad, either. It was odd having some of the guys from "The Raid Redemption" in this...it was like it was trying to be a martial arts movie inside of this alien invasion. It's an ok watch if you are an Invasion movie junkie.
7 Shelley (Anna Faris) was abandoned as a baby on someone's doorstep long ago. As she relates, no one was interested in getting her back although they did request that the basket be returned! Shuttled from one orphanage to another, Shelley eventually found a "family" when her womanish figure came into fruition. That's right, Shelley resided in the Playboy mansion and found happiness with Hef and the other gal pal housemates. However, one day Shelley receives word that Hef has given her two hours to move out of the mansion. A fellow worker at the residence suggests that, perhaps, she is getting too old to be a bunny. After all, didn't she just turn 27? And, isn't that like 59 in "bunny years"? So, off Shelley goes, hurt and scared. After a day on her own, she stumbles onto a nearby college campus and learns that she could possibly find a job, a home, and a salary by becoming a sorority "mother" to a group of misfit sisters. These gals, the Zetas, have seen their numbers shrink, mostly because they are all shy and a bit unconventional (among them, Katharine McPhee and Rumer Willis). The college has already told them that if they don't find new members, the Zeta house will be shut down. It is going to be Shelley's biggest challenge to turn the sorority into an attractive place for the new students. Can she do it? Perhaps, Shelly could ask for the help and advice of a nursing home director, Oliver (Colin Hanks), a nice man she met in a park? After a brief, blase beginning, this film packs a good punch of light comedy and romance. Part of the credit should go to the very nice cast. Faris is wonderful in her role as the dimwitted bunny who has more than enough smarts to learn a few new tricks and Hanks, in a smaller role, is quite nice as the love interest. The Zeta girls themselves, especially Rumer Willis and Emma Stone, are a delightful bunch of offbeat creatures that learn some lessons themselves. The rest of the cast, including Christopher McDonald and Beverly D'Angelo, is good, also. The costumes, naturally, are very fine, as this is a gal-dominated movie and clothes are especially important. But, the sunny sets, cinematography, screenplay, and direction are up to snuff as well. No, it's not Willie Shakespeare but the flick is definitely a good diversion from the everyday blues. It's a likely bet that you will find this "Bunny" to be quite funny indeed.
7 As convenient as it may be to pigeonhole 'Central Intelligence' into the label of a buddy cop movie, the always-amusing, often-hilarious and surprisingly-affecting action comedy really is much more. For starters, Kevin Hart's Calvin Joyner isn't a cop at all; in fact, he's a put- upon mild-mannered accountant who is disillusioned with his job and where he is at in life, despite being married to his high-school sweetheart (Danielle Nicolet). For another, Calvin and Dwayne Johnson's Bob Stone can't quite be called buddies, especially since they have been out of touch with each other for the past twenty years and are only reconnecting upon Bob's initiation on the eve of their high school homecoming reunion party.Oh yes, the catch here is that while Calvin used to be the high- school superstar who excelled at everything from athletics to academics to drama and was thus dubbed 'The Golden Jet', Bob – who used to go by the name Robbie Weirdicht – was the overweight kid who had to contend with being dragged out of the locker-room shower by a bunch of sneering bullies and thrown naked in the middle of a school assembly. And yet, in his moment of humiliation, Calvin's act of kindness in offering his 'Golden Jet' jacket to cover Bob's privates has made him Bob's hero, so much so that Bob worships Calvin as no less than his idol. But it isn't just for old times' sake that Bob is now reaching out to Calvin – indeed, after watching 'Fat Robbie'- turned-He-Man take out four bullies in front of his eyes, Calvin agrees to Bob's seemingly innocuous favour of accounting help with his overseas payroll.And so begins a series of CIA hijinks, as Bob reveals himself to be a CIA agent after someone known as the 'Black Badger' who has stolen the US satellite encryption keys and intends to sell them to the highest bidder. Though Calvin wants no part in the high-stakes operation, he finds that he is already unwittingly involved when Bob's superior Pamela (Amy Ryan) turns up at his doorstep and informs him that Bob is a rogue agent who happens to be the very Badger himself. Oh, there's also the question of whether Bob's former partner (Aaron Paul in an extended cameo) was killed by the Badger as Bob claims or was in fact killed by Bob himself as Pamela claims. As earnest as Bob may appear, Calvin's struggle as he grazes past one life-threatening setpiece after another is whether to trust Bob in the first place.From an extended shootout at Calvin's office that ends with Bob and Calvin crashing through the eleventh-storey window onto a giant gorilla inflatable below, to a CIA safe house where Calvin springs Bob from custody, to an underground parking garage where Bob comes face to face with his nemesis, director Rawson Marshall Thurber stages the action with surprising élan, emphasizing Johnson's swift and lethal moves as well as Hart's barely controlled hysteria at every turn. Yet because Johnson and Hart have performed similar shtick in previous roles, the real fun is in watching the two actors play against each other in quieter and more intimate scenes, such as a couples' therapy session between Calvin and his wife which Bob crashes by pretending to be their therapist.It is in scenes such as this that the sheer chemistry between Johnson and Hart shines through. Thurber, who co-wrote the script with Ike Barinholtz and David Stassen, plays against his audience's expectation by letting the usually motor-mouthed Hart play the straight man and Johnson be the unhinged man-child responsible for the verbal and physical shenanigans. Thanks to Johnson and Hart's elevated performances, the 'role reversal' works beautifully and makes for reason alone to watch this instead of say the next 'Ride Along' sequel. The stronger than usual character work is yet further proof that this film is a notch above many others of its ilk, demonstrated in the insecurities that Bob and Calvin each have to deal with individually along the way.Even though the opening scene of Bob's teenage appearance in the form of Johnson's face fattened by CG trickery suggests that it may end up pandering to the lowest-denominator, 'Central Intelligence' ultimately proves unexpectedly sensitive to the plight of those bullied in high school in its concluding scene, where Bob finally overcomes his personal demons to take the stage in front of his schoolmates twenty years after being painfully humiliated. Besides a cameo by Melissa McCarthy as Bob's high-school crush, it is as sweet a parting shot as any, underscoring yet again what an earnestly endearing and humorous joyride this odd-couple buddy movie has been. Most of all, Johnson and Hart are like 'yin' and 'yang', and together they prove that a little Hart and a big Johnson goes a long, long way.
7 I'll admit it. I love spoof films. Abolutely adore them. Sure, most of the ones coming out recently aren't all that impressive, but till the early 2000s, most of them definitely had quality. Now, this movie parodies one of my most hated kind of movies i.e generic teen comedies and pulls it off very well.The jokes. Where to start? So many popular scenes from well know teen comedies have been parodied here. From the 'Eat my shorts' scene from The Breakfast Club to the opening masturbation scene of American Pie and many others in between. The film also parodies clichés seen in most teen movies like the stereotypical pointless black guy (who makes it clear he's pointless), the stereotypical slutty European girl and the stereotypical cool guy who learns his the movies lesson and realizes the error of his ways towards the end of the movie after falling in love with an unpopular chick etc. There is a lot of other humour related to typical teenage life, problems and such. And also some humour which is well, just random.I think this is a very enjoyable movie and it should definitely please you if you loathe generic teen comedies even remotely as much as I do. Hell, even if you like generic teen comedies, I think you'll find it pretty entertaining.
7 I don't generally watch movies that rate under 6 stars just to save wasting time. I don't think I'll do that anymore.I went to see I Feel Pretty with a friend as the trailer had me hooked. I literally just created a IMDB account to leave a review because I just honestly can't believe how many awful reviews there are about this movie! Amy Schumer is every woman and I LOVED her in this. I laughed and nearly cried and above all felt empowered and walked out of the cinema feeling great about myself. Not many movies can do that.The character development and screenwriting are both very sound, and although nothing we haven't seen before, this film is fun, loveable and simply one of the best 'feel good' movies I've seen in a long time.Please don't let the ratings turn you off... It's hilarious. I can't wait to take my sister and mum and anyone else who will see it with me.
7 I like cheesy disaster movies. I liked Hurricane Heist much better than last year's Geostorm.Having said that, the acting was mediocre but a lot of that can be blamed on a poor script and awkward dialogue.The CGI was pretty good for quite a low budget film. Fairly steady action throughout the film kept my attention.My previously watched film was The Strangers: Prey At Night so pretty much any other film would get a generous rating from me after that mess.
7 No spoilers in this review but having come away from watching this film, on my own at the local Empire Cinema on Friday 13th I would say this is a good horror film for those who are bored senseless by the endless tide of "jump scare but not scary really" horror films we have to endure these days.This is a proper story with a proper start, middle and end.At times unsettling, at times creepy, at times a bit distressing whilst always being restrained (its not an utter gore fest and the violence is all the more affecting for that) this is a decent film elevated by good characterisation and very good acting.Whilst nothing utterly original is on offer here, it is a film that does what it says on the tin and it is all done well. Special mention to Rafe Spall who, just like his dad, Timothy, continues to be brilliant in everything he's in.Solid 7/10 and one for fans of proper horror. It deserves to be seen at the cinema as well so I'd urge people to get to watch this.
7 This movie i rented about 2 years ago and i thought this movie was going to be a typical bad made action movie, but i didn't rent it cuz of nothing, i rented it cuz i didn't know who Brian Bosworth was and i thought he wood be different than any other typical action movie. So i watched the beginning of it and it was a good action scene (similar to the opening scene from cobra but better). The rest of it was really enjoyable and never slow and has the typical bad guy, Lance Henrikson and is good at being the head of a huge biker gang.I definitely recommend this movie to every action movie fan... But, there is only one problem in this movie. The bad guuy doesn't really get a quite disserving kill and it happens way to much in movies. A great movie otherwise.
7 Here comes another buddy cop film,this time with Dwayne Johnson and Kevin Hart in the lead roles.I thought this movie would fail miserably.I thought it was ripping off Ride Along(which is not a good film to rip off) but it surprisingly stands on its own and makes for a fun time at the movies.Bob Stone asks his old classmate,Calvin Joyner to help him with his computer skills.I don't really like Kevin Hart all that much,because he plays the same character in every film and even though he does have acting skills,he goes OTT in every performance.But his character is a bit more serious in this one and Dwayne Johnson is awesome as ever in his role.The main strength of this movie is the chemistry between the 2 leads.They are so much fun to watch.One is a fearless agent and the other a normal guy who can't even hold a gun.There are some nice jokes and gags as well.On the downside,the film falters sometimes in the plot section.Yet another OTT performance by Kevin Hart(as mentioned above) I wish the action scenes had a bit more lustre in them.But do not be bothered by that because this is the action junkie in me speaking,and you may like this movie more than I did.This movie isn't completely flawless,nor is it totally groundbreaking in the buddy cop genre.But it is still worth watching in the theatre,thanks to the chemistry between the 2 leads and a lot of laughs.
7 I first watched A Serbian Film uncut once, online, and then after that, it was removed from the site it was on (which was a good job, considering the site is very popular and has an under 18/21 audience). Was I shocked by it? No. Did I find it interesting or thought-provoking? Not at all. Am I a lover of a horror films? You bet. So now you must be wondering, well why did I watch A Serbian Film knowing what it was about then come on here and give it a bum rap. Well. I heard of it through friends and websites, and being a lover of horror movies, and a fan that likes to "have seen it all" I obviously was going to watch A Serbian Film sooner or later. First of, don't get me wrong, it's not the violence in this movie that makes me dislike it, it's how they tried to be so over the top about it, and in doing so, it makes it look like a futile piece of crap. Not including the film's so called "political statement" that is really only a guise for it to show its cheap scenes.Apparently, the movie is meant to show, or well, be an allegory as to how Serbian people are forced into doing things, am I getting this right or what? How their Government is meant to be controlling & how violent Serbia is? But all I seen was rape after rape in this so called movie that is trying to make this important "political statement", but we know underneath that's just a guise for its cheap exploitative purpose. For those who don't know, A Serbian Film is about this guy called Milos, a retired porn star, who is lured out into a black market porn industry with an offer for money. He has no idea what he will be doing, until he agrees to it, and thus the film begins there. Milos is dragged into various acts of sexual torture and violence. But as with most of the violence in the movie, it's over the top, and obviously, makes it look cheap and flawed.Sure, I ain't gonna lie, it's reasonably realistic (except the fake penis), but it's just one of those films were it has been so overly done, it's poor and the real purpose behind it is made clear in that. Of course the film seems to have gained a backing now of everyone that thinks it's the most violent movie in history. Well, it sure has a good attempt at this, but no, it's not.August Underground's Mordum does a far better job, and at least, it's not trying to hide its exploitative purpose like this movie tries its hardest at. A Serbian Film, in my opinion, is not a statement about anything. It's just another over the top exploitation film, which, might have gotten a higher rating from me, if the people who made it didn't make a guise for the over the top scenes in it, which is exploitative.There's one DVD release of it to date, and it's a UK release. It's not uncut, and I don't suspect it will be uncut for a long, long time. If you like violence, sure give it a go, but please, don't be fooled into this whole allegory about Serbia - it's just another exploitation film.
7 Let's face it - war is organized madness, and although the stakes in World War II were tremendous for whichever side lost, the individual effects of the war on the men and nations involved caused madness on several levels.Pierre Boule's short novel brilliantly discusses the madness in the crazy situation that sweeps up Colonels Nicholson and Saito. Under normal circumstances, the two men might never had been friends but they might have had a degree of respect for each other. Both come from nations that have long histories and traditions, and whose officer corps prided themselves on leadership and withstanding privations. The Japanese formalized these traditions in the code of Bushido (which was twisted, unfortunately, in World War II). It included sharing privation with one's men and was similar to the concept of noblesse oblige that the aristocratic officers of Britain's army tried to maintain. Nicholson's stoicism when put into the isolation box was as much in his tradition as Saito's tradition would have included willingly reducing his own share of his rations for the benefit of his men in a siege.The situation that develops is a racial rivalry. The Japanese, in 1943, have won so many of the campaigns, and witnessed the surrender of Allied (i.e. Western - American, British, French, Dutch troops) that they really have a contempt for them. As we now know was true, the Japanese soldiers frequently fought to the last man (think of Saipan and Okinawa in the last stages of the war, where flame throwers were frequently used to force Japanese soldiers and civilians out into the open). Westerners could do this too, but traditionally the western states saw no shame in surrendering after putting up a hard fight. Not so the Japanese military.Saito is identifying with this tradition. In the novel, he is also disappointed that he is in charge of a prisoner of war camp - he'd prefer to be back in the fighting. But they need the prisoners to build the railroads throughout the new Japanese empire (as mentioned on another comment, the "Greater East Asiatic Co-Prosperity Sphere") that can have men and material race from one end of the empire to the other.In reality this frequently ended up more like slave labor than what Boule arranges (or what Saito probably had in mind). Nicholson insists on treatment under the Geneva convention for P.O.W.s, but Saito thinks it's typically Western and wimpish. As punishment for his presumption he puts Nicholson in a hellish underground cell in solitary. But Nicholson's men refuse to cooperate until he's released, and when he is he sneers at the Japanese engineers and their mistakes, and insists on the English army engineers taking control of the building - and this works well for the Japanese Army but not for Saito, who seriously feels like he has lost face and should commit suicide.Director David Lean wisely shot the film on location, capturing the heat and disorientation of a humid jungle war front. His wide screen film manages to make the locale of the prison camp and the Kwai River (and the bridge) look like it is the entire world, and that escape is impossible from it (indeed the one man who escapes - Holden - has to return eventually). The novel does not include the character played by William Holden, one of his typically laconic Americans who retain a clear sightedness when compared to the British. Holden's "Shears" sees the prison camp as a massive graveyard (he's on the burial detail) and hates it to the point of escaping. He reaches safety in a recovery hospital in Ceylon, but he's forced by Jack Hawkins to return to the campsite to destroy the bridge.Hawkins' too seems a realist - he is trying to destroy an enemy target that is nearly completed, and will make the enemy's war effort far easier. But his resolve to do this involves blackmailing Holden into assisting him, and forcing himself to continue on his mission after being seriously injured. At the end the mission kills hundreds of men. Hawkins has succeeded, but the local natives who assisted him look at him like he is a mass murderer.Guinness' Nicholson is one of the most myopic soldiers in film (or fiction for that matter) totally forgetting the purpose of himself and his soldiers even in a P.O.W. situation but thinking solely in terms of oneupmanship and morale. It was a splendid performance. One might make a case that he behaved like a man who was hallucinating after an illness, and indeed he does (accidentally) get back to reality at the eleventh hour - too late to save himself, but in time to save his military honor.Sessue Hayakawa had a film career in Hollywood that went back to the silent period (even appearing opposite Gloria Swanson in a Cecil B. DeMille movie), but the coming of sound and the deterioration of Japanese-American relations caused him to leave American movies. Like Swanson's sound comeback in Wilder's SUNSET BLVD., Hayakawa's appearance as Saito, a harsh foe but ultimately sympathetic given his code of behavior and how he is humiliated, brought him belated recognition and an Oscar nomination.Finally there is James Douglas, a highly useful, plain looking British actor who frequently brought dollops of common sense to his films. His P.O.W. Major Clipton tries to rouse Nicholson's sense of reality, but fails (in fact he soon sees that Nicholson's unreality is far more catching with the rest of the British P.O.W.s than he imagined). He sees natural foes, British and Japanese, joining together building a bridge of friendship in a time of war. And the final result is just destruction, confusion and death from that war. Is it any wonder that at the end, he mutters the two words in the "Summary Line" as the story's conclusion.
7 A film worth seeing, explains the birth of present middle east. A visionary feast and both Nicole Kidman and James Franco's acting is superb.Most critics didn't give it a thumbs up but for me it was a beautiful film, maybe because the lead was a woman who changed the course of history! For anyone who doesn't know anything about the middle east should see it just for history and Gertrude Bells significance in history.... The photography is exhilarating and get to see the desert and the oasis in their beauty. The movie might lack historical details but it focuses on Gertrude Bells life, so that is understandable. But at least for people who never knew what or how the middles east came about and what she did it is an eye opener. A must see file for me!
7 Why is Heat such a great movie? Is it because of the breathtaking amalgamation of story, music, image, action and acting that makes every scene worth watching over and over again? The authenticity of the world of cops and robbers he portrays? The acting of Pacino and De Niro? I have watched the movie at least twenty times. So have many others on the forum. Why the fascination?You can look at a masterwork by Rembrandt or Michelangelo endlessly and enjoy the beauty, the figures, the colors, the light And many of us do. But once you 'get' what the work of art is all about, once you connect it to the great themes in life, one's own life, it becomes deeply touching. Often what it's all about is deeply buried in layers upon layers of craftsmanship and sheer beauty. One becomes fascinated, one feels strong emotions, but one has to dig deep to explain why. The greater the mastery of the artist, the deeper one has to dig. The richer the treasures deep beneath the surface. So Michael Mann's mastery, for all its perfection, is only underpinning something of a higher order.In fact Heat has exactly the same essence as Ali, The Insider, Last of the Mohicans, Collateral and Thief. These movies, although superficially very different, are really quite similar in their core. They are all about making life-changing choices between different loyalties. Ultimate dilemmas. Heat is the most complex of all these movies in this respect and therefore in my opinion the greatest.What makes Mann's characters so fascinating? They rise to the occasion when facing 'heat': extremely adverse and often violent circumstances. They all face dilemmas, life-changing choices. They need to do the right thing, no matter how slim the chance of success, knowing they have to give up something else which is a good thing too. Vincent Hanna is not simply a workaholic. He gives up life as most of us know it (marriage, caring for his stepdaughter, 'barbeques and ballgames') because he knows he is such a gifted policeman that he can put away criminals behind bars, who will otherwise keep on killing the innocent people that haunt him in his dreams. But he can only defeat his adversaries if he is dedicated at the moments of truth. And he suffers for his dedication in all other realms of life. Neil McCauley forgoes normal life as well to be a perfect criminal and never be returned to jail, but starts feeling the cost of that only after falling in love, against his principles. He knows he can only stay out of jail when not attached to anyone or anything. (Therefore his home isn't even furnished.) To him that is the right thing to do. See, the values of Mann's characters are not necessarily 'right' or absolute values. Criminals have values too and their dilemmas can be just as difficult. After falling in love he feels a dilemma. And becomes much more human, albeit on the other side of the law.Why are some of the truly evil characters in Mann's movies so utterly evil? Because they are dedicated, but don't see the dilemma. They have chosen for their own ego, and pursue at any cost whatever drive they have, usually power and money (Van Zant, Insider's Thomas Sandefur, Thief's Leo), but alternatively perverse violence (Waingro) or revenge (Mohicans' Magua). They, directly or indirectly provide the 'heat' that make the more sympathetic characters have to choose whatever they think is 'the right thing'.Heat is stuffed with life-changing choices. Once you pay attention, it seems as if almost every other line in the movie has a question mark attached to it. 'Check, charge or cash?', are the first words in the movie. Not exactly life changing, OK, but a hint of all the choices to come . 'You taking me to breakfast?' follows shortly afterward. Less trivial. Then, every character is faced with choices between loyalties. All the most memorable moments in the film are about choices. Often very complex dilemmas. Charlene Shiherlis first chooses to betray her husband Chris to secure her son's future, but then when given the chance saves Chris's ass at the cost of probably never seeing him again. Neil drives through the tunnel with Eady on his way to freedom and ponders the idea to return and kill Waingro. De Niro's face shows the dilemma between loyalty one: getting away with his love, and loyalty two: revenge for Waingro's actions which have devastated his crew, with Chris wounded and on the run, Michael killed by Hanna in the shootout, Trejo tortured and mortally wounded (being subsequently put out of his misery by Neil himself) and Trejo's wife Anna violated and murdered. Neil simply cannot walk away from that. He calculates he can avenge his crew and get away afterward. But we later learn the presence of Eady at the hotel where Waingro is finished off, puts Hanna on Neil's tail for the final confrontation.In short, Mann's movies teach us: doing the right thing isn't straightforward. The choices in life aren't obvious.To do the right thing, you will have to give up what is good too and feel great loss. Doing the right thing doesn't result in a happy ending. You will feel vindicated at best. You may even die in the process.'I told you I was never going back'.
7 "Finding Nemo" is a wonderful animated adventure movie that simply is irresistible for young as well as older persons.The most excellent thing about "Finding Nemo" is the perfect timing, just like in "Monsters, Inc" the jokes are extremely well placed in a quick pace and are good for more then just a few laughs.There are some very fun and great characters which brings me to the only problem I have with this movie. There are too many minor characters, I would have really loved to see some of the characters getting a bigger role with some more importance to the story instead of meeting character after character that are only on screen for no more than 5 minutes (such as the sharks). Sure it's good for the sense of adventure but it leaves some missed opportunities to make the story even more fun.I think it's pretty obvious that the story is inspired on the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy since it uses lot's of elements from it and it has the some feeling of adventure and excitement so it's really not a big thing that the story isn't very original, the original and fun way the story is told in compensates for this.The voice cast as in many animated movies is impressive but the one that stood out was Ellen DeGeneres as Dory that you love to hate.Irresistible movie for the whole family with great jokes and lines and some memorable characters and situations. Mine, mine, mine!9/10http://bobafett1138.blogspot.com/
7 There's no cagey comedy or artiness here but, I didn't miss those Allen elements as Wonder Wheel hit with a decent story well told. Kate Winslet turns in a great performance in the role of a guilt-riddled damaged woman who is slowly defending into acute clinical depression. Her pre-teen son by he "lost" first marriage is displaying pyromanic criminal tendencies which feels a bit thrown in ,perhaps, to show no one's problems are singular. Second husband , "Humpty" played by Jim Belushi is battling alcoholism after the death of his first wife and estrangement of his daughter. It's a definite messy and precarious life situation in which you know will likely get more complicated. It soon does.The setting is an amazingly realistic post War War II Coney Island where the principals live and work. When two unexpected people, a beach lifeguard and Humpty's disowned daughter intersect with our characters the tragedy begins to unfold. It's a decent enough story with quite good characters in a interesting place and time. The superficialness of the lifeguard character combined with his struggle to become more is a good juxtaposition to the despair of the others. He soon creates more problems through his actions, creating a darkness he carelessly spreads around. Everything here actually could happen, but more importantly it's a tragedy reflecting common human self-destructive natures coming together for the worse. Nothing too bombastic here as it all reaches a critical mass on which the movie ends. Allen can make a straightforward humble movie and this is it. Anyone can enjoy watching this one. There's not too much to nit-pick yet I can imagine some would wish for a less "smarmy" character than Justin Timberlake playing the narrator and lifeguard (he's actually not bad though). Or...possibly a more pat and satisfying ending. Such is often the case for tragedies though. Good enough!
7 There are so many ways in which this film is perfect, most notably is the brilliant re-packaging of old-school action and war films; away from the James-Bond style of the late 60s; away from the Cold-War suspense and intrigue. One of the most endearing features of the picture is that the movie opens with the main character,Indiana Jones' at the close of his current adventure. The technique generates an immediate sense of personal history and intimacy with the main character, and in effect, serves the audience dessert twice.The atmosphere of equal parts impending danger and chronic screw ups is set right from the start, with a lit-fuse pace throughout the movie. Every scene is tight. The sound, the lighting, the dialog,the music, the performances. Every character actor is well-chosen. So many ingredients to enjoy: adventure, humor, mysterious locations, romance, explosions. Only a Nazi could not enjoy this film!
7 I have the Green Lantern Comics (Numbers 49-51 circa 1993) where Hal Jordan goes crazy and smashes the main power battery on OA, and gives up his GL status to a new Green Lantern. But Hal Jordan has always been Green Lantern to me, even with other people putting the ring on over the years.This film accounts the story of how Hal Jordan was chosen by the ring, as the dying Abin Sur sends out the ring to find a successor. Not to get into too much of a spoiler here, so I won't say how that happens in the film, which is slightly different than the original "Origin or Green Lantern" stories I have read when I was a kid, suffice it to say, the people who made this film had 5 decades of Green Lantern stories to get into a 2 hour film. And they did it good.I saw this in 3D and it was adequate 3D, the look of Green Lantern was sort of a blend of all the different changes in costume he had over the years. Ryan Reynolds was a very good Hal Jordan, and Blake Lively a very very good Carol Ferris. A lot of the characters from the comics are in this, there is a "Pieface" but he is not Asian, there is an appearance by Sinestro who in this film is the head of the Green Lantern Corps, which includes veteran Green Lantern Tomar-Re voiced by Geoffery Rush, and Micheal Clark Duncan voicing Kilowog, all much loved GL characters, and the appearance of the Green Lantern Corps was a very good idea.The Guardians of OA looked much like they looked in the comics, they named none of the Guardian Actors save Warren Burton and Salome Jens (who was the main Shape-Shifter in Star Trek: Deep Space 9), the rest of them are, well they are just Guardians. the evil entity Parallax was voiced by one of my favourite actors, Clancy Brown.As far as Production, some great names popped out during the credits: James Newton Howard did a very good score, on par with his King Kong score, and the whole production was designed by another who worked on King Kong: Oscar winner Grant Major who had that same job in Lord of the Rings trilogy - And the costumes were done by another Lord of the Rings veteran, Ngila Dickson, another Oscar winner.As far as the director, I had never heard of Martin Campbell except for Casino Royale and Vertical Limit, but one name did pop out: Stuart Baird, a veteran Editor, who has edited some great films all the way back to the Donner version of Superman II, Gorillas in the Mist, and of course he directed Star Trek: Nemesis which I rather liked.Green Lantern being one of my favourite comic books when I was a kid, I was very gratified to see this film- They really did not take very many liberties with the stories which they cultivated to make this film, so I give it a 10 - Mostly because I can care less what anyone's lame gripes about this film are, I thoroughly enjoyed it, it was done very well.
7 I give this a 9 because I saw this with my father, a Vietnam vet, who served in the Army. He was totally taken aback by this film as the sniper scenes really depicted his experience in Vietnam. To him, this film remains the most accurate portrayal of the city fighting and total fear such circumstances brought out in the soldiers. Also, the Matthew Modine character is very close to my father. He, too, served the press corps for the Army and like Modine, was embedded with several troops in combat situations. Stanley Kubrick was known a superb technician and perfectionist and this film is a great example of his brilliance. Additionally, the Marine bootcamp scenes are harrowing as well.
7 This is a movie I saw because it was nominated for the Oscars. I had to see the one to make the bet. Thank God I make the bet, I have come to see this great movie. Although I think that it has several shortcomings of script, that will explain in zone spoiler, still I think that it knows them to surpass more and goes ahead. Also hooks and you want to continue watching.The actors are great. If I'm not mistaken they are all unknown but that does not stop them from being great. Even the child and it is not easy to do.The picture is not very good outdoors, but to make a credible film is enough.Even if you do not have nice blueprints or composites. The director, if he knows how to take the film forward. When the thread is finished, it knows how to change and move on and that is very difficult.Spoiler:For me the problem with the script is that I think that the idea of ​​the room ends quickly and then it has to continue somewhere. You are watching it and you do not know what happens until you discover it, but when you discover it, you do not know where it is going to go, but it is still on one side and still very well. At the second turning point, the same thing happens exactly as well.Another great thing about the movie, which plays the script is that of acceptance. Will the grandparents accept their grandchild born of rape? It is a pleasure to meet these jewels that the world of cinema offers us.
7 No one will top Keaton for physical risk, and risk is what deep film experiences are all about. This might be classed as a comedy, but for me it touches deeply enough. Its about a man who needs to prove himself by taking risks and being true. And its by a man who takes even greater risks and is more true. True to the spirit of the social compact, here displayed as the chummy south.He's always done stunts that amaze. Many of his other films have things in them that if the timing were only a little off, he'd be seriously injured, or die. But this takes the cake. Its almost as if he started with the idea that he'd have three locos to play with and had a year to think up stunts. And the stunts are so physical! And so dangerous. And so, so very effective. His trademark is the deadpan face placed as a sort of innocent cluelessness. Its particularly funny when you see the physical movements and you know that 1) they take incredible preparation and timing to pull off and 2) the fellow you see that looks so puzzled by the reality you see is the guy that devised and directed those stunts.Ted's Evaluation -- 3 of 3: Worth watching.
7 Sandra Bullock's facial expressions, physical comedy, comedic timing, and great lines: Ditto for Michael Caine. Not a great movie, but very good, and those two performances, plus Shatner's as the emcee, make it a very worthwhile movie. When movies like Anchorman get a 7.2 by comparison, I feel like I'm somewhat alien to this planet......Keep forgetting that being concise on this website is not an attribute, so I'll digress. Humor is subjective, so everyone has their own, equally valid opinion, but IMHO Sandra nailed it, was at the height of her comedic prowess in this movie, and it will stand up over time not so much as a great movie (not), but a great performance by Bullock.
7 "Knowing is good, but knowing everything is better." Bailey (Tom Hanks)How much information is too much? The Circle shows in a direct and melodramatic form that the saturation point is here. Mae (Emma Watson) is hired by a tech-centered firm, an amalgam of Apple, Facebook, and the CIA. Their inclusion-full-knowledge mantra culminates in Mae's agreeing to have complete transparency, a Truman Show for our time.Bailey is the Steve-Jobs guru, whose weekly assembly for the campus is a model of group think and cultism, launching from the newest technology to the newest invasion of privacy. The willingness of the audience to embrace everything from the unethical farming of information to his obviously self-serving anecdotes suggests Jim-Jones cool-aid-audience imbibing.The film is an attention-getting, absorbing object lesson in neglecting critical thinking.The film's provocative theme about full disclosure includes the implied dialectic between the common good and privacy. Knowing where criminals are, such as in our sex-offender laws, is good in the case of creeps but scary when innocent citizens are the object.Two incidents close to the protagonist illustrate the effects of private invasion, one for survival, the other for denying the efficacy. The former is about saving Mae from drowning because of surveillance and the other about the world seeing her aging parents having sex. No one could wish not to have life-saving surveillance; no one could want parental transparency 24/7.The Circle is frequently simplistic, e.g., having records that allow automatic registration for voting but also require voting, ignores invasion of privacy and personal choice.None of this polemic completely negates the efficacy of social media and constant contact. However, transparency, the film suggests, invades and makes circus-like a privacy our Constitution implies.The camera spends too much time on Mae's bland, wondering stare and meaningless conversations that would be better spent arguing the mission of the Circle. At least it's a start toward better regulation of social information both public and private.
7 I appreciate all types of horror, from the intelligent and atmospheric to the plain dumb and gory, but in the case of Jennifer's Body, I have to admit that I just don't get it: I can't identify with the characters; I fail to understand their motivation; I don't appreciate their idiotic 'hip' language; but most of all, I just cannot comprehend what the film was trying to be. Did writer Diablo Cody intend Jennifer's Body to be a straight-up horror, a dark comedy, a teen drama, a pro-feminist tale, an allegory, or even perhaps, a mixture of all of these? Whatever the intention, it doesn't really work.Veering awkwardly from one poorly constructed scene to another, Jennifer's Body offers very little in the way of scares, laughs, or emotional content, and if there is a deeper meaning to the film—and the inclusion of recurring imagery does support this idea—then it's virtually impossible to decipher, making it all rather redundant. Even those who choose to watch in the hope of seeing Megan Fox in the altogether will be disappointed: despite playing a sex-mad schoolgirl slut who becomes a seductive boy-eating succubus, she fails to flash the goods.Of course, there is the much touted lesbian clinch with nerdy best friend Needy (played by Amanda Seyfried, who is much hotter than Fox in my opinion) to keep the lads (or ladies) momentarily happy, but a little girl-on-girl action alone does not make a good film.
7 This show is very refreshing and features interesting ideas and motives for the characters. Only some characters have very bad acting, such as marissa and ernie. Still, because ernie can pull of being funny, he is tolerable and not bad. The main actress could have been better, even though her personality is supposed to be serious and uninterested, she could still be interesting. Being dull the entire time or pretending like you're misunderstood makes you annoying to watch. Other than that, the martial arts are very fun to watch, very real and interesting plots that involve the parents as well, not as irritating intervening people but as actual characters with important roles and personalities who enhance the show. It's amazing that this show is featuring a strong female character, very likable. What shows like this have to focus on is not demoting their own 'female empowerment' by making repulsive, sexist statements, like 'man up', or some female complaining about 'getting muscles', etc. Doing those type of things just makes the entire idea of the female lead being a strong fighter lame and fake, something for just entertainment and not achievable in the real world. This is another problem with my babysitter's a vampire, in which the female vampires are so powerful, yet sexist bullshi* is everywhere in the show, made by both the female and male characters. Other than that, k.c. undercover is really interesting to watch because the plots and acting, for the most part, are great. the scenes are too rushed, however, because they have to fit so much in a single episode. It should seem a bit more natural instead of just dialogues being forced everywhere. sometimes dialogues should stop and just show character expressions and emotions, instead of filling space with words for no reason. 9/10
7 THE SUSPENSE WORKS. I KEEP WONDERING WHAT'S REALLY GOING ON THAT TOWN JUST LIKE THE CHARACTERS IN THIS SERIES. I THINK IF YOU LIKE STRANGER THINGS, YOU'RE GOING TO LOVE THIS ONE TOO.
7 That's a quotation from the film and what you'll say at the conclusion. I saw it the first time 36 years ago back when network TV ran old movies late at night, and I'd never even heard of it. I thought it was a Hitchcock film with all of the unexpected twists, but no, the director was Billy Wilder. How surprised I was to see Wilder do Hitchcock better than Hitchcock ever could! The set-up is this - Leonard Vole (Tyrone Power) is an inventor that is having trouble getting his inventions to market. He befriends a wealthy older woman, one Emily French. She is obviously flirting with him, and Vole, though married, flirts back, his objective being that maybe she will financially back one of his inventions. Then disaster strikes. Emily French is found murdered. Vole is an obvious suspect because Mrs. French has just changed her will and left everything to Vole. There is circumstantial evidence pointing to Vole, and he says he knows nothing about the will. Enter barrister Sir Wilfred, the finest in England, whose doctor has told him he must quit work and go on a vacation because of his heart condition. Sir Wilfred talks to Vole, believes his story, and also talks to his wife, Christine (Marlene Dietrich) who backs up Leonard's story but comes across as somewhat cold to her husband's peril. Sir Wilfred is convinced to take the case and agrees to retire upon this last trial. Past that I cannot tell you any details or I'll ruin it for you.Everyone in the cast performs masterfully. Especially charming is the interaction between Laughton's character and his nurse played by his wife of then 28 years, Elsa Lanchester. They go back and forth at each other with Nurse Pimsoll insisting that Sir Wilfred keep his rigid schedule of medications and him treating her like a jailer with hilarious one liners at the poor woman's expense. Only a long married couple could do this feature length banter so well. If Nightmare Alley didn't convince you that Tyrone Power was more than a pretty face, this film will. Likewise, Marlene Dietrich is much more than a blue angel and a fine figure of a woman at age 56.Notice all of the little touches. How Sir Wilfred seems to be ignoring testimony in court by counting out his pills, only to stand up and ask insightful questions when his turn comes. Plus this film really shows that nothing is off the record, even if the judge says that it is - the jury hears and sees everything. Sir Wilfred plays on that fact.Great acting, great direction, great story - it doesn't get any better than this. Thus I give this a solid 10/10. And one irony - Power's character mentions several times about Sir Wilfred's heart, but it is Tyrone Power himself who will be dead of a heart attack by the end of the following year. Sadly, this is his last completed film.
7 Long term, exclusive couple test their relationship by sleeping around! What could go wrong? Plenty of course, but "Permission" is more than a quirky, guilty pleasure premise. Heck it's not even a comedy. As our adorable love birds take their first baby steps outside of their cage, there is, dread, apprehension, fear, but mostly there is excitement. How Anna and Will deal with their suddenly evolving world is decent fodder for a serious movie, yet it is another couple that steals the show. Anna's baby craving brother and his reluctant boyfriend offer up a better plot line. Sometimes juicy don't cut it. This really is a tale of two couples, and unravelling the daily intimacy and neurosis of both relationships, with some terrific performances, is where "Permission" works best. It's a messy film with a whole lot goin' on, but manages to entertain while posing some interesting questions.
7 Except for Karl Malden who overplays his role as a priest, the acting here is quite good. Rod Steiger, Lee J. Cobb, and Eva Marie Saint all give fine performances. And Brando is indeed terrific as Terry Malloy, the non-intellectual brick-head and former boxer who is torn between his own conscience and loyalty to a corrupt gang of bullies. His scene in the taxi with Steiger is his most famous in the film. But I actually prefer his performance in the bar, wherein he tries to console the sister of the dead man.Apart from the acting, however, I find little of interest. The B&W cinematography, though competent, is nothing special, except for the scene where Malloy and his girl run through an alleyway; that scene is quite effective and a good example of noir lighting. Otherwise, the visuals are drab, cheerless, and dull beyond words. The low contrast lighting of the blue-collar shipyard area conveys a mood of bleakness and misery.Most of the script's characters are humorless hoods and thugs devoid of sentiment or kindness. Everyone is angry, and they're angry through the whole story. There's not an ounce of humor anywhere. Conflict is both verbal and physical. This is a very talky script. Some of the longer scenes could pass for stage play material. I couldn't care less about the political intrigue that was the basis for the original film concept. And the film's background music is loud and overbearing."On The Waterfront" is one of several old movies that film school instructors like to use to show examples of high quality acting. Similarly, for a viewer to say he or she likes this movie would be "safe"; hardly anyone will force him to defend his opinion.But times change. The movie is way outdated. Along with a number of other cinematic "sacred cows", "On The Waterfront" seems stale, bromidic, shopworn and tired. However "instructive" the film might be for new actors, I find it lacking in entertainment value.
7 How often do you watch a film from this genre and are made to watch 90 minutes of bad acting, unrealistic sharks, poor camerawork etc, my expectations weren't too high, and I for one was pleasantly surprised. This film is actually really well made, it's very solid, it's well acted, and it manages to generate both terror and claustrophobia, in a way I wasn't expecting. That ending also, talk about out of the Blue ;-) Beautifully filmed, superb location work, sharks that although maybe a little out of character to say the least certainly looked good, and of course added to the terror.Pleasantly surprised. 7/10
7 Following a somewhat parallel story to the original game, I do wish they would've stuck with original characters. Despite that, the film remains a fun and intriguing watch. The change of the Animus from a bed-like system to the VR style arm was something I originally disliked, but that change ends up playing well into the film visually and aids in parts of the story. The action scenes are well choreographed and exciting, countered with what may be a few too many close up facial expressions and dialogue that might easily confuse someone less familiar with the base plot of the franchise. As far as movie adaptations of video games, this is a far better rendition than many other attempts. As a standalone film it needs some work. But I know they intended to produce a trilogy so I'd like to believe the opportunity to release sequels will give the audience more of what they're looking for, while this movie may have been a bit too much set up rather than development. Personally I generously offer it 7/10, and would recommend seeing it. I hope it is successful enough for them to finish the intended trilogy.
7 Dead Poets Society was a movie that took some in depth realization. Robin Williams did a fantastic job depicting individualism and how to walk on your own. He realized that these young men were going to be shaped in either a bad way or could shape themselves into the type of men they wanted to become.Sure, everyone around them were jerks and stiffs but that is the environment of the school. People just didn't go up against all odds, and everything was OK. That is exactly what Dead Poets Society was showing. Even though there were consequences to the boys being inspired and re-forming "Dead Poets Society" they still learned to march to their own drummer. They could be boys and go for their own dreams and ambitions. This movie showed Williams in a different light and i have so much respect for his character. He believed enough in these boys to loose his job. Standing on desks may not make everything better, but it shows the real meaning of the movie. These boys had been taught to conform and put their beliefs aside, but Williams opened up their hearts and made a lot of people, whether they liked it or not, realize that tradition is not always the way to push your children. If all you can look at is the expression on Neil Perrys fathers face, when he realized what his son had done, then you really didn't get the point. This was not Mr. Perrys life, and Williams knew that and was not about to cover up Neils dreams and tell him exactly the opposite of what he had been teaching him all along. Dead Poets Society was an unbelievable movie that showed how this teacher believed so much in his students, that it changed their lives.
7 Greetings again from the darkness. Fairy tales have long been a fruitful source for movie material. Some, like Disney productions, land gently on the family/children end of the scale; while others like the Brothers Grimm material are much darker and adult in nature. And now, along comes director Matteo Garrone and his blending of three stories loosely based on the 17th century tales published by Giambattista Basile  and "black comedy" falls short as a description.Mr. Garrone is best known for his chilling look at an Italian crime family in the award winning Gomorrah (2008), so a trilogy of demented monarchial fantasies may seem a bit outside his comfort zone  but grab ahold of your crown jewels and be ready for just about anything.A very strong opening leads us into the first story about a King (John C Reilly) and Queen (Salma Hayek) who are by no one's definition, the perfect couple. The Queen's inability to have children leads her to strike a deal with a Faustian seer who promises a baby to the royal couple. The only catch is that the King must kill a sea monster, and the Queen must eat its heart after it's properly prepared by a virgin. Yep, it's pretty dark and pretty odd. Of course, as with all actions, there are consequences (albino twins of different mothers)  some of which are not so wonderful.The second story involves a lecherous King (Vincent Cassel) who falls in love with a local woman based solely on her singing voice. Much deceit follows and the actions of two sisters (played by 3 actresses – Hayley Carmichael, Stacy Martin, Shirley Henderson) and some supernatural aging products lead to a twisty story of romance that can't possibly end well for anyone involved.The third of our 3-headed story is the strangest of all, as a King (Toby Jones) nurtures a pet flea until it grows to behemoth size. Yes, a pet flea would be considered unusual, but eclipsing even that in uniqueness is the King's willingness to offer the hand of his daughter (Bebe Cave) in marriage to a frightening ogre who lives a solitary life in the mountains.These three stories are interwoven so that we are bounced from one to another with little warning  which seems only fitting given the material. Knowing the theme of the three stories does not prepare one for the details – neither the comedy, nor the dramatic turns. All actors approach the material with deadpan seriousness which adds to the feeling of a Grimm Brothers and Monty Python mash-up.Alexandre Desplat provides the perfect score for this oddity, though the audience may be limited to those who can appreciate grotesque sequences assembled with the darkest of comedy. The moral to these stories may be difficult to quantify; however, it's a reminder that actions beget consequences no matter the time period.
7 Best comedy in years, friend turned me on to this hilarious comedy of errors and glad she did. The film is damn near flawless, forces you to pay attention to the twists and turns through it's witty dialogue. Wonderfully photographed with brilliant camerawork but not overdone. Worth several sittings and we could learn alot in Hollywood from this one....
7 Well acted by the young actors, emotions are on point.It's not anything special, but I enjoyed it. Well directed, good lightning.Script could've been better, but still pretty good.
7 "Der Untergang" ("The Downfall") portrays life inside (and to an extent outside) the "Führerbunker" in Berlin during the last few weeks prior to Hitler's suicide in April, 1945. The screenplay was written by Bernd Eichinger, who has had previous experience with the adaptation of historical material for cinema, and done a commendable job in the process. I am, of course, referring to his screen version of Umberto Ecco's historical novel "The Name of the Rose (1986). Some of Eichinger's other credits include "Body of Evidence" (1993, which he co-produced) and "The NeverEnding Story" (1984, as producer).Few movies have stirred up as much controversy even before their release, as has "Der Untergang." So what was all the fuss about, and was it warranted? After all, how many films have been made about Hitler already, including several about Hitler in his Berlin bunker. There is nothing especially controversial about the subject matter per se. What is more, Hirschbiegel and Eichinger appear to have done their homework, basing the film extensively on German historian Joachim Fest's acclaimed book of the same name (2003). Events are portrayed largely through the eyes of Traudl Junge, Hitler's private secretary from 1943when the film opens with a flashback sequence to her job interview and appointmentto his death. Her memoirs, and interviews conducted before her death, constitute a further source for the film. The Führer himself is played magisterially by Bruno Ganz, who clearly spent countless hours studying Hitler's public speeches, as well as rare footage of the private man, not to mention recordings of his voice. For a historian like myself, who has viewed and listened to much of the material myself, it is uncanny how right Ganz gets it. Inflection, tonality, accentthey are all there. As are gestures and body language. This film has to be seen in the original, even if you don't understand German.So if there is little in the way of subject matter, preparation, historical consulting, and prime acting to fault, why then the controversy? The approach and interpretation were at the root of the hullabaloo. Interviewed while the film was in the making, Eichinger explained that he would portray Hitler "as a man, as a human" ("wie ein Mensch.") This was revolutionary in cinema, where renditions of the Nazi leader havepre-Eichingerstill not gone far beyond the "evil-dictator" approach. You might reasonably query what is wrong with the "evil dictator" approach, given the accepted fact that he was, indeed, evil. From a historian's perspective, everything is wrong with that approach, and Eichinger had the courage to transcend it for the broad public.The first two decades of post-World War II historians pretty much demonized Hitler, as did all movies before "Der Untergang." This was understandable, at the time. Wounds were still fresh, denazification was under way, Germans were seeking a new democratic identity aligned with the West, and the issue of "collective guilt" was touchy. Solid, balanced biographies of Hitler had not yet been written, and historical understanding of how it was possible that a highly cultured people such as the Germans could have been led astray was only just beginning to take shape. But with the 1964 revision of Lord Alan Bullock's "A Study in Tyranny" (1st ed. 1952) and Joachim Fest's "Hitler: Eine Biographie" (1973) professional historians started putting demonetization to rest and instead began to explain. And this meant accepting the perhaps distasteful tenet that Hitler was, after all, a man, and not some kind of deranged satanic figure from hell. Sir Ian Kershaw, Professor of Modern History at the University of Sheffield, has taken things even further, in his highly accessible two-volume (2000 page!) magnum opus which has now become the standard biography (published 1998-2000). For Kershaw has not only reconciled the internationalist (or "Hitler-centric") approach, which focuses on Hitler as linchpin and leader of the Third Reich, without whom World War II and the Holocaust are unthinkable; with the structuralist approach, which links Hitler and his "enabling" to social, political and cultural structures in Weimar Germany. Kershaw has also gone a long way towards meeting the desideratum of German historian Martin Broszat, uttered as far back as the 1970s, for the "historicization" of Third Reich history, meaning its firm embedding in overall German, European, and indeed World History, rather than its artificial isolation as an "aberration" or a "German special path" ("deutscher Sonderweg.") This, then, is the proper historiographical context of "Der Untergang." In effect, the film almost belatedly follows trends in scholarship that have been developing for some time now. Of course, the general public is hardly aware of such developments. So in a sense, the film is something of a vulgarization, a kind of dramatization informed by the best scholarship. The film does not explain, for it is, after all, not a documentary with the voice-over of a historical consultant cum narrator. That is not its purpose. What it does, however, is provide an excellent sense of Hitler in his declining days, increasingly delusional if perhaps not outright insane, but still ablealmost to the bitter endto maintain a hold on his closest followers. Not to mention the unreality of life in the sheltered bunker, while outside the Russians are advancing through Berlin suburbs, held back only by a pathetic hodge-podge of Hitler youth and tired old men drafted into service in the Volkswehr. From all accounts I have read, from the pens of scholars English, American and German, I can say with a high degree of certitude that this film provides a reasonably authentic recreation of what it must have been like. Or in the words of Leopold von Ranke, "wie es eigentlich gewesen." What higher acclaim can a historian provide?
7 I absolutely think this show is a wretched depiction of a pregnant teenager's life. At 15 you should know if you had sex or not, even if it was bad an short lived. It's kinda obvious what it is. Once you're pregnant, it is very rare that you are going to start dating some other guy, and fall in love within dates (that doesn't happen to non-pregnant teens). This guy is not going to propose to you, and if he does, his father definitely won't approve. The chances that your father's x-wife's husband is your pediatrician are impossible because your parents wouldn't be imbeciles. You probably wouldn't be the same age as your dad's x-wife's daughter, considering the time it takes to divorce, move on, and move on again (that's what Grace's mom did because she cheated on Amy's dad with someone who wasn't her current husband). Cliques in high school are not named, it is completely generic (Majorette is a cliché-ed term and a ten year old could think of it) The fifteen year old's sister who is supposedly 13 would not look older than the elder. Your dad's x-wife's daughter's love interest would not be your baby daddy. You would speak using contractions (ie. can't instead of cannot). You probably wouldn't be oblivious to the fact that your parents are having a rough patch. You won't be stupid enough to think that fake id's (with a different name on them) will legally be enough for you to get married. You're friends would probably act like they are five (Madison and that other girl are so immature) but their IQ's would be higher than that of a five year old (they take the longest pauses before they say their lines).Also, Molly Ringwald can't even act that well, or she is being given the worst character to portray. My least favorite moment with her was when she found out about Amy's condition. She was just making her coffee and she jumped because Amy was sitting there in the dark. And I quote, "I didn't see you. (LONG PAUSE) You startled me." duh, I think we got that from the jump back and gasp. You had to say it twice in two different phrasings? And she used such clear syllables as if she was talking to a two year old. Honestly, I don't think she was ever a great actress...but that kind of melodramatic style was considered good...in the 80's. The best actors on the show are Adrian and Rikki, and they are playing the most stereotyped characters written. I feel sorry for these actors, and I encourage them to find a loophole in their contracts and find new jobs.In conclusion, the characters are all unrealistically connected, the plot is very weak, and the dialogue is terrible. This makes it a very suspenseful show. How much cheesier can it get? And gasp, is that finally a real tear rolling down Amy's cheek? Because every time she "cries" she is smiling. Also, that disclaimer at the end of the episode should really be updated. I'm sick of seeing the same one after every episode. Have a different character do it for a change. Maybe have Rikki do one on child abuse.
7 This is the show that helped me get through the 90's! From sophomores  in high school to college graduates, I was hooked to the entire gang. I  will never forget Brandon, Kelly, Steve, Donna, Dylan, Valerie, David,  Brenda, Noah, or Clare.   In 1990, Aaron Spelling (Dynasty, Love Boat, Charlie's Angels)  unleashed the FOX teen drama Beverly Hills 90210, a show based on the  lives of the rich, snobbish high school students of Beverly Hills. Who  would have known the show would last 10 years? New to California,  siblings Brandon and Brenda made friends with the students of West  Beverly High. Through high school, David witnessed best buddy Scott  accidentally shoot himself, Donna kept her virginity, Brandon and  Andrea became great friends, Steve was the sexed up prankster, and  Brenda found out Dylan and Kelly were together when she was in Paris.  After graduating West Beverly, the gang moved onto college. Donna got  involved with abusive musician Ray, Brandon and Kelly dated, Brenda  moved away, Dylan got married only to have his bride shot and killed by  his rival, bitchy Valerie moved into the Walsh house and made enemies  with Kelly, Kelly's druggie boyfriend Colin got arrested, and many of  the gang had already had addictions (Dylan, Kelly, David, Valerie,  Colin). After college, the gang got out into the real world. Brandon  and Kelly nearly married, Dylan returned, Valerie accused Noah of rape,  Steve met and married Janet after getting her pregnant, Donna's sister  Gina moved to Beverly Hills, and in the end, Donna and David got  married.   The memories will never be forgotten.   Kelly getting shot at LAX, Donna loosing her virginity to David on  graduation night, Dylan's father "killed" in a car explosion, Kelly  caught in a fire at Steve's rave, Brenda/Dylan/Kelly/, Valerie and  Kelly rivalry, Andrea sleeping with married man, Gina slapping Kelly,  and David and Donna's series finale wedding.  Dylan, Kelly, Brandon, David, Donna, Brenda, Steve, Valerie, Clare,  Andrea, Gina, Noah, Carly, Matt, and Ray: You will never be forgotten!
7 I loved Eli Roth immediately after Hostel 1. I knew this man can deal with human nature. I follow his work since then. This feature shows a man taken at his soft spot when he was not expecting any trouble. Sometimes people give in to temptations of much lesser magnitude. He made a wrong decision, he got what was coming. But the ending! Imagine he is an idiot and cannot explain his wife that he was attacked and framed. Imagine his wife is an idiot, did not believe him, took the kids and divorced him. That would be the suggested ending, won't it. What seems to be a moral story leaves an unfinished business. I want to see the architect taking cold revenge. Track down the ladies, think a little, and turn their lives into a living hell. They'd played their game and had had their fun on account of the architect and other people; now they have it coming. Give us the revenge sequel!
7 "Rush" is one of the best films of the year. I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of depth and emotional story telling this film possess. From its brilliant script that infuses humor, drama, and a story about a fascinating rivalry to its impeccable and detailed oriented direction, this film succeeds on every level.Ron Howard's direction is extremely noteworthy as I felt like a part of the journey and involved with the characters as I cheered them on. In the beginning, I was rooting for James, but as the movie progresses and things unravel, I was cheering for Niki. However, as the movie moves forward, I couldn't choose one over the other. This is the type of engagement that I love in movies, it keeps the audience involved and contently thinking about every situation and the characters as a whole.This film is well edited and shot as well. I couldn't find a useless or uninteresting moment in this film. Everything flowed very well and the film moved at a brisk pace. It felt as every shot or sequence is catered to moving and developing the characters and their story forward. The racing sequences are well shot and make you feel a part of the race. My heart rushed when characters successfully made narrow life endangering turns. It is a really good film to look at as the scenery and environment crafted feels inviting and absorbing.The cast in this film is superb. Chris Hemsworth gives his finest performance to date as a carefree playboy. Even though his character James Hunt doesn't appear serious, he struggles with his inner demons trying to be taken a bit more seriously. Daniel Bruhl also gives and equally impressive, if not better, performance as Niki Lauda an arrogant self-absorbent racer. It's interesting to see his character go from caring only about himself and racing to something more important. The greatest aspect of the characters are their interactions. I really enjoy how they can't stand each other, but can't be successful without each other either. While they hate one another, they find a mutual respect for the other. It's quite endearing to see how they have each others back off the tracks.Overall, "Rush" is an amazing movie and totally worth your time. It's a movie that has everything, from drama to humor to love. The greatest aspect of the film is its truly brilliant and masterful score by Hans Zimmer. His score gives the right amount of emotional punch along with improving everything we see and giving the film a greater amount of importance. I give this film an extremely high 4.5/5, a well oiled film that has no wasted parts.
7 Frankly, I don't think this movie is as bad as some people make it out to be.   I like the early episodes of the original series (particulary the first six), when the show had a more serious tone (and before Jonathan Harris sabotaged it by turning up the comic antics as Dr. Smith) and it's nice to see the film stay closer to that serious tone and not emulate the more campy aspects of the series from its later episodes.   The cast is good for the most part and I love the visual FX.However, once the Jupiter 2 crashes on the planet and we get caught up in the time travel older Will Robinson bit, that's when the movie falls apart completely.   And the biggest mistake of all is that the older Will Robinson is not played by original Will Robinson, Bill Mumy, even though he badly wanted to play the part.  Having listened to the comments of the director on why he didn't cast Mumy on the DVD, I have to say his explanation doesn't wash.  Especially when both he and the scriptwriter concede that the device of using the "older Will Robinson" didn't work on the screen as it did in writing.   It never occurs to them that maybe the scene would have worked if this new character sprung on us was someone with a definable connection to the old show.
7 I really laughed through the movie and watching it made me feel better. It did not have a very innovative plot, but it was enjoyable. The fact that women were in the center of the movie, doing what ever they wanted was another interesting thing. I recommend watching the movie when you feel like you want to watch a comedy. Overall, It was a very good comedy movie.
7 Disobedience A lesbian love story, depicting the longing and repression aspects of a forbidden love, which essentially makes it a greater romance film. It also holds a greater social message. The film tells people that it is okay to choose to become anything, even if it is something else, in the sense that it's against social norms or expectations. Some people are born into societies that don't receive them well, they by all means have the rights to decide themselves what exactly they want to do. Everyone is free to choose. Hence the name of the film, disobedience. Although the first impression of the title hints an act that's frowned upon, but as the film progresses it unfolds itself and reveals to be a story about self-liberation, acceptance and compromise. In the end we see that the love story does not progress in the direction that is expected, where the characters do not end up together, perhaps ironically 'disobeying' the audience's expectations.
7 We thought it was decent, fun to watch. Could just be because we watched 'The Snowman' right before and that movie was god awful so anything after was going to be good. Worth the watch imo.
7 I see many posters claims Skyline is the 'worst movie ever' - that isn't even close to true. This $10 million movie was way better than the $100 million Van Helsing. And also way better than Johnny Mnemonic which is the gold standard by which I judge all bad movies. I actually liked Skyline. It was by no means a great movie but props to the film makers for skipping all of the alien invasion clichés and going with something original. One poster compared it to a zombie movie and I did notice the similarity when I was watching it. The plot does have far more in common with a typical zombie movie than you usual alien invasion movie. Also, way more realistic than any alien invasion movie I've ever seen. Independence Day was fun to watch but it was just cotton candy not serious science fiction.
7 Gosh, I don't know how many times I passed this movie up in my mom's collection. But I never really had an interest in this film, but my mom told me what a great comedy it was and that I should give it a chance. So, finally, today I got some time and watched it and I'm glad I did. Private Benjamin is a great comedy staring then new comer Goldie Hawn. I didn't realize how much she was meant for comedy, I've seen some of her work like Overboard and Death Becomes her, but usually she has the supporting cast helping her in the comedy, this time she was on her own and did great.She plays Judy Benjamin, a 29 year old whose been married twice, her last husband died on her, literally, had a heart attack while he was making love to her. So, since she has always been taken care of, a stranger helps her out and recruits her in the army showing her the AFTERMATH of what she could have in the future, but she thinks that she's getting all the good stuff immediately. Therefore, she becomes the princess of the boot camp, but after a harsh talk with her folks, she realizes she needs the army and to become strong. She ends up meeting a suave French man and gets transferred to Paris after graduation, but she soon realizes who she needs most in life: herself.Private Benjamin is a great comedy that I think anyone could get a little kick out of. It has great jokes and fun moments that I had a good time watching. Not to mention, Goldie Hawn is just so adorable and you definitely want to keep rooting for her during the film, she's just great.7/10
7 I had no expectations going into this movie. I knew I like the director, the leading actress and it had an interesting premise. However, I was pleasantly surprised by this under-the-radar film and am sure general audiences will as well. The Book of Henry is an emotionally affecting film with a few fine messages about parenthood and altruism. The movie actually surprised me. Perhaps it's because I had no prior knowledge about it, but the twist (I don't think it's supposed to be a twist per se) in the movie is reminiscent of Psycho, in that the seeming protagonist has an interesting cinematic journey. That provides the basis of our catharsis. It's actually very solid writing. We become invested in this character who has a charm and wit about him that's irresistibly likable and we fall for him. We become invested in his relationships with his mother, his little brother and his neighbor. The plot is already in motion and then the twist happens. After this twist, the true protagonist comes to the forefront and we become invested in her because we feel for her and root for her cause. The only issue - her cause happens to be literally unbelievable and predictably improbable. However, we find ourselves nearly believing it. I mean, there's a sequence that's utterly Hitchcockian, when there's cross editing between two separate scenes. One scene is used as the musical background for the other and the tension is palpable. It's reminiscent of the concert scene in The Man Who Knew Too Much. It all comes to a satisfying ending that we all knew was coming and yet, isn't any less smile inducing. The performances are very good. Naomi Watts is one of our generation's most consistent actors and the youngsters Jacob Tremblay and Jaeden Lieberher hold their weight and then some. However the score and direction deserve a lot of credit. The film is very well paced and switches between tones so seamlessly. Never are we pulled out of the film because it gets boring or it goes too quickly or it switches between genres. A lot of reviews are bashing the film. Don't get me wrong, it has its flaws. The foundation of the character is never told and is a glaring hole. A few plot elements are improbable, definitely. However, those are forgivable in the grand scheme. This film has charm and intrigue. I believe it'll go down as one of those films where critics and general audiences just don't agree. With that said, I give this movie 3 out of 5 stars and recommend it for ages 10 to 18. It can be seen at a local theater when it opens June 16, 2017. Reviewed by Willie J., KIDS FIRST! Film Critic.
7 This movie really is boing for most part, but I still like it only because of some real words has been spoken in this movie that made me rething all my mistake of my whole life to until this point!
7 Going into 'Spotlight' I was aware that it was the front runner to win Best PIcture at the Academy Awards. After having seen it I can't really understand why. That's not to say it wasn't a good film, it simply didn't blow me away at all. It told a story, an admittedly fascinating and true story, in an informative way but it didn't do anything that great films do like inspire me, move me or leave me stunned with the powerful nature it was told with. Best Picture winners of the past, like 'Schindler's List', told true stories but also encompassed all three of those traits and plenty more. That was a film I will never forget, 'Spotlight' will probably be completely out of my mind by this time next week. Frankly, I was a little underwhelmed with the lack of emotion such a serious subject brought out in me. The film just didn't really seem to try to do that. It felt more like a documentary reenactment, simply with very fine actors, than anything else.My disagreement with it likely winning Best Picture aside, there are some very fine filmmaking skills on show here in all departments. Director Tom McCarthy, in only his fifth turn at directing, has been nominated for a Best Directing award. While I don't like the lack of emotion his storytelling brought out in me, he clearly had a vision to tell a story in a certain way, and he got it done. He tells it in a punchy fashion that never allows the audience to drift off. The Best Directing race this year is a tight one with four of the five all being widely in contention. I don't think McCarthy will get the win however, as his film doesn't have the "X-Factor" going for it that a lot of the others do. Having said that, any film that wins Best Picture has to get some real credit for its director, so don't completely rule him out if it does indeed win that.Mark Ruffalo and Rachel McAdams have also been nominated for Best Supporting Actor and Actress awards. I have trouble understanding how, to again be frank. Roles based on real life characters always get more attention than others but these two had absolutely nothing to work with in the script. They were almost never given a chance to shine in any scene. Because of this I don't believe either has a chance of winning their respective award. It wasn't a film designed to make actors look good. Having said that, the stand out performance for me was Michael Keaton. He almost won the Best Actor award last year and this year can't even get a nomination. Had his been considered a Supporting Role I'm sure he would have but it was probably considered in that "in between" state, which may have hurt him.There are a lot of true stories at this year's Acadmey Awards and I think 'Spotlight' is benefiting from being the most interesting story of them all. 'The Big Short' is another case of an interesting true story, however that was told in a very unique and clever way. Interestingly, that is the biggest competition 'Spotlight' will have when the winner is read out on the night. My fingers might just be crossed on the seeing the upset.
7 As a film, I really enjoyed it. Kinda creepy, and it was well executed from cast to photo to everything.Only thing i oppose, as a Swede, is the image of the Swedish woods as something scary. It really isn't, I'm sorry to say. I have spent a good many nights there in tents and cabins, and I am pretty well educated about the folklore. This one turns into something that is reall none-Scandinavian in terms of that. None of the "rituals" or creatures have nothing to do with actual lore. Sure, they speak about norse figures like the children of Loki, but that is just silly.As a fright-flick, though, it is good.And for you to know: We do have scary creatures in the woods. But we who live here know them, and they look like nothing as projected here. Come and see.
7 It was great. My favorite part was how the guitar playing was accurate.
7 Since HG Wells era, alien genre had shown human beings being exploited by technologically more advanced alien. It is not rare, the film of the genre use horror approach. For about a half an hour of this movie, the audience have to enjoy how the alien tear human brain apart from the host. We would see several corpse of pregnant women with open abdomen from where their baby were forcefully taken. Personally, I hate horror movies so I have to close my ear for half an hour.Fortunately for me, the horror approach dissipated once the protagonist understand the situation and with unexpected ally, he successfully brought the alien ship down to a South-East Asian country. In the end, the protagonist join force with local forces to resist the rest of the alien.Following the social-critic of HG Wells' War of The World, Liam O' Donnel the script writer also the director, deliberately put the central of the struggle to the third-world country as an antithesis of common Hollywood movie which usually put America as the hero. He chose South-East Asian because some countries in the region was politically intervened by US. The SE Asian countries also have history of civil war and rebellion to the dictatorial regime. Yet Liam also admit that he married a Laos girl and inspired from her country.Unfortunately, some interesting idea hinted on some scene in the movie didn't fully developed well. In the end, all those background story became trivial and unmemorable.However, we should admit that we watched Beyond Skyline not for a complex story. We watched Beyond Skyline because we wanted to see martial artists kick alien butts! In this aspect, Liam and crew had delivered the promise.
7 Superman Returns (2006), in my opinion, is one of the most underrated superhero films to come out of the twenty-first century. This film came out ten years ago and has never gotten the respect it deserves. One of the best elements of this film is its heart. This film out of all the films that were released from 2000 to 2010 do not match the amount of heart and soul of this film. Batman Begins (2005) does come close. Not many superhero films deal with adult themes of loss, isolation, and returning to a home and finding their place in the world. Finding yourself is never easy, and Superman goes through the a emotional and physical journey throughout.A lot of people complain about the lack of action, however, I'll take great drama and characterization over action sequences anyway. True, there are about 3-4 action sequences throughout the film, but they are what I consider A+ sequences. The Air Plane rescue, the Bank robbery, and Saving Metropolis from Lex's earth quake, were well crafted for the time this film came out. This film showed Superman accomplish more than the Christopher Reeve era could have hoped for. Note: I love that era as well. Furthermore, I believe the film has great cinematography by Thomas Newton Senegal and a majestic musical score by X-Men and Fantastic Four composer John Ottman. Bryan Singer's direction is great. Respectful and epic at the same time.For all the heart and awesome technical aspects of Superman Returns, it does have flaws. My issues with the film are that the film never quite feels right at home till the Air Force One sequence begins. Maybe beginning with Lex Luthor and not Kal-el was not the best choice. Also, there film's third act with Superman lifting an island into outer space feels odd for a third act conclusion. However, these are minor quibbles.Overall, Superman Returns is a delightful film. The cast shines, being a spiritual sequel to Superman I & II gives the film a nostalgic feel. In fact, I feel this film has a lot in common with look and tone to the two J.J. Abrams Start Trek movies. Loving reverence towards the past for sure is the big similarity. I've always thought Superman Returns was a film that attempted to be the Dances with Wolves (1990) of Superhero films. Big, bold, and emotionally charged with real human emotions. Superman Returns is an unappreciated film that both plays it safe and takes risks. Much like Superman, the film sores and deserves its place among the clouds.
7 To sum up this story is about a bank robbery that goes horribly wrong. For two hours it's all about what happens inside the bank where Al Pacion and his companion are keeping citizens hostage until they can get a way out without getting caught. Believe me, the plot might seem like a bit of a bore but it surely is not. I'm not into drama movies at all. In fact I don't even like them too much but this is an exception. The writing is brilliant and the characters are complex and so real. Mind you, this was based on a true story. And of course you won't find a comment where it DOESN'T talk about how brilliant Al Pacion was in this. :) True, this is probably his best role out there and one of the best in history. He didn't play it too over the top or too under it, making it an ordinary flat out boring performance. So, if you don't see this movie for the plot please...see it for Al Pacion. The man is a genius in his work and I promise you will not regret renting this brilliant movie!
7 Most people compare this sequel to the first movie 'The Mummy', which is a good thing of course, but I haven't seen the first one, so no comparisons from me. So what can I tell you? Well, the movie isn't as bad as I expected. It's all to clear that the director's first thought wasn't about the script but about the many special effects, but i still quite liked the movie. What made this movie work for me was the humor. Normally this kind of movies takes itself much too serious, there is no place for any joke or funny situation at all. In The Mummy Returns this is different. Thanks to the humor, this movie was very enjoyable, but it is of course the many special effects that make this movie what it is. Don't expect anything real: a mummy coming to life, sucking the life out of people, armies of mythological creatures... will of course never exist in reality, but it certainly was nice to see. I guess it is best to qualify this movie as some excellent way to pass some boring hours on a cold and rainy afternoon. It's certainly not an intellectual movie, but I didn't mind about that when watching it. I give it a 6,5/10.
7 I have to say, I am a movie junkie and this is better than what most of the reviews indictate. Yes it could have been better, but it's certainly not a waste of 90 minutes. I enjoyed its thought provoking content and subject. Another 30 minutes and it could have filled all the gaps.If you are looking for a sci-fi space opera like ime star wars, this is not it; nor is it a space triller/horror like the alien series. It a good drama with some science fiction attributes.
7 I'd say the most amazing thing about INfernal Affairs is that it shows that Hollywood's greatest accomplishment is not its ability to make truly terrible movies. No, Hollywood's greatest accomplishment is its ability to take a great movie and remake it into something infernally inferior. If you haven't seen either of these films, ignore The Departed and watch Infernal Affairs. After you watch Infernal Affairs, continue to ignore The Departed. In IA, the story is tighter, there are no wasted or superfluous scenes seemingly thrown in to give the top-billed some extra face-time, the romantic appendage is simpler and actually logical, unlike the hack-job in The Departed, and the ending is better. What more could you ask for? Oh yeah, there is more ... no Nicholson over-acting, no bad Boston accents and the cops don't all act stupid all the time.
7 Also we know about Sener SEN...he is the king of Turkish Movies. I like him very much. Movie is wonderful in all the ways. I watched almost all the movies of Sener SEN...Eskiya is the finest and the biggest production for him i think. But i want him to act in the more movies. It was the last biggest production for him. Now he plays for a T.V. with Turkan SORAY who is the finest and greatest actress ever and ever in TURKEY.
7 The basic premise of Superman Returns is that Superman has returned from an unexplained 5-year absence to find a world that seems to be getting along fine without him, that the woman he loves has moved on and has a family, and that he is- at least in terms of any beings similar to him- completely alone. The amazing thing is, this is the least angst-filled, least melodramatic superhero film in the past 5 years or so. I think the recent trend has been to try to get audiences to empathize with their heroes more by making them more human and actually taking them seriously. Peter Parker battles some very serious demons and is in constant struggle with being Spider-man, the X-Men films are very serious and political and the latest instalment, "The Last Stand," featured some startling and emotionally wrenching revelations, and Batman, well, need I go on? So, here we have Superman in the first new film in almost 20 years. He has his issues, but unlike all the other Super heroes around, he seems to be very solemn about it all. After all, he is Superman, not Clark Kent; Clark Kent is his mask. Obviously a huge nitpick people will have is that Clark comes back the very, very same day as Superman and not one single idiot in the city of Metropolis seems to notice, right? Well, yes, that bugged me too, at first. But then, the more you think about it, that's just how Clark Kent is designed: completely forgettable (except by Jimmy), always in the background, and always overshadowed by the bigger story, which is Superman. David Carradine has a very great speech about Superman at the end of Kill Bill Volume 2 that justifies everything quite nicely to me, so I suggest seeing that if you haven't already. What this movie does a great job of doing is just showing this classic, iconic super hero doing what he does best: saving the day. There's something so refreshing about finally getting that clear view of Superman for the first time after he saves a planeload of passengers from certain doom, and saying with a smile: "Don't let this turn you off to flying, folks. Statistically it's still the safest mode of transportation." But that brings us to the actual plot. It goes for simple, safe, repetitive tedious, even? And, honestly, it's the kind of plot that just doesn't justify the runtime. Lex Luthor comes up with a ridiculous plan that even in the world of comic books is pretty hard to swallow. He compares himself to Prometheus, how he is so generous with the "mortals" by sharing his wonderful discovery, though planning on killing billions in the process. Lex obviously forgot the last half of that story, where Prometheus is punished and confined to terrible pain for all of eternity. But maybe that's the point. I mean, we all know from the very beginning Lex won't win, he's doomed to lose, that's just how it's meant to be: Superman wins and Lex loses. Written in the scriptures: is, was, ever shall be, in comic strips, TV shows, feature films, living in an ageless universe, for all eternity.Bryan Singer is obviously aware of this. Singer also directed X-Men 1&2, and I think his biggest problem as a director is that he lacks a sense of completion in his works. X-Men is not the kind of movie that you watch, and then once it's over, you want to watch it over again. It's the kind of movie that you watch, and then once it's over, you want to see the next one. The X-Men films were each done with the presumption that there would be a next instalment, and that's fine I guess if you like always being on the edge of your seat waiting for the next one, but when his Superman movie does the same thing and drags past the 2-and-a-half hour mark, there's a problem. If nothing else, the movie establishes that Superman is indeed back, and we should expect to see more of him in the future.Superman Returns is definitely a grand film. It's big, it's loud, it's expensive. I usually don't think to myself, 'hey that looks expensive,' when watching a movie, but I did in this case. It doesn't try for anything new or bold, it doesn't want to, and it's nice to see a super hero movie where the hero is the generic do-gooder, and helps mankind because he really wants to. That's why I think Superman garners more universal appeal than any others. But, honestly, the angsty heroes can be much more interesting. Certainly so with last year's Batman Begins, which I thought was a great, perfect movie, while I though Superman Returns was really good, but probably could have been better.My rating: 7.5/10
7 I was skeptical of another possession movie, especially one that claims to be the scariest ever.. this didn't disappoint. I wouldn't call it scary as much as intense. From the beginning to the end, there was never a dull moment. 7/10 because possession horror isn't my favorite genre but I still appreciated this
7 I've never seen the 1981 original version of Clash of the Titans. I wasn't originally planning on seeing this new updated version either. Going by the previews, this looked like nothing more than a CGI-fest...which is what it pretty much ended up being. To quote Sam Worthington from various interviews, it's basically him "in a skirt with a rubber sword, killing monsters". If you're expecting anything more than that, then yes, you will probably be disappointed.Some of the cast manage to make the most of what they're given to work with. Having not seen Sam Worthington in anything prior to this film (except Terminator Salvation), I don't really have anything to compare his acting to. He was good in Terminator Salvation and he's good in this as well (despite the occasional slip-up of his accent). He serves his purpose as Perseus, playing the action hero well enough. His interaction with the humans who accompany him on his journey is probably the most entertaining part of the film. Mads Mikkelsen, who was a memorable villain in Casino Royale, actually gets to play a fairly decent good guy in this film (Draco). Sure, it's the role of the typical grumpy guy (who's reluctant to follow the "saviour" and is a bit of a bully) teaching the hero how to fight and who eventually comes around to respecting the hero and ending up on good terms with him...but Mads manages to make his role a bit more than a cardboard cutout, thankfully. The other men who accompany Perseus aren't too bad either (they do provide a bit of humour), but they're not given much character development at all. Actually, there's very little development for any of the characters.As far as the gods are concerned, they're basically just a bunch of folk who stand around in Cloud City (I mean Olympus) and talk. Liam Neeson isn't given a whole lot to work with as Zeus (shining in his silver armour as brightly as Marlon Brando did in the original Superman movie wearing his tinfoil costume). Ralph Fiennes, while good, is kind of irritating with his raspy voice as Hades (though, thankfully, that goes away by the end). The rest of the gods have jack squat to do or say. I really didn't like Jason Flemyng's satyr character. Alexa Davalos pretty much just plays the damsel in distress in the movie and leaves very little impression as Andromeda. Gemma Arterton (as Io), however, proves to be the most successful female character in the movie. As a sort of angel on Perseus's shoulder, she guides him, teaches him and actually proves *useful*. Her and Worthington work well together/have good chemistry and I enjoyed watching the two of them share scenes. I was happy with how they ended up in the film.As for the FX, the previews basically give it all away (Clash of the CGI might have been more befitting a title for the film). Perseus fights giant scorpions, Perseus fights the Kraken and Perseus fights Medusa. As large-scale as the Kraken was, I personally enjoyed Medusa more. The fight with her proved to be the most interesting of the many fights in the film. I liked the 'look'/design for her and I also really enjoyed Pegasus, the flying horse. I'll just come right out and say it: the movie has many a flaw. The story isn't great, the pace is off, the writing is slapdash and most of the dialogue is sketchy at best. While the movie does try to get across a message, it comes through in a somewhat haphazard sort of way. Having said that, if you go into this film not expecting much more than a Monster Mash of the Titans...then hopefully it should prove to be entertaining enough. Crap of the Titans? Not quite. But at the same time, it's kind of forgettable. As Worthington describes it, it's a "popcorn flick". Take from that what you will.
7 Starting out in the movie, Steve (Josh Hutcherson) and Darren Shan (Chris Massoglia) have always been best friends. After skipping class and getting in trouble at school Darren is forced by his parents Don McManus and Colleen Camp, Mr. and Mrs. Shan to not be friends anymore. When getting an invite to a Cirque du Freak show they will never forget, Darren steals Crepsley's spider and Steve try's to convince Larten Crepsley (John C. Reilly) a two hundred year old Vampire to make him a vampire. Massoglia has some real potential i think when he made this movie and I'm sure will grow to be a great actor in the film industry. Reilly is funny yet serious in his role in the movie which makes it fun to watch. I caught him being interviewed on Conan the week before his movie came out talking about his childhood and when his mother brought him and his brother to see Halloween. They were both only twelve and ten at the time. Wanting to leave the movie all throughout, when getting back home Reilly's brother plays a prank on him when he is told to shut off all the lights in the basement. After getting to the last one above the stars his brother turns it off on him and he is scared whit-less and runs up the stairs terrified. Even just telling his story about his childhood makes me laugh. After giving some insight on his childhood it helps you understand what life was like for him before he became a star. I like hearing about the down to earth things with stars, it makes them seem normal in a sense that they are just like regular people. There was not to many special effects, but the small ones of the vampires running and the spider and the Cirque Characters was pretty good. Makeup was really well done and the costumes were as well. Looking forward to see what else Massoglia has next on his agenda with movies, hopefully see him sometime within the next year. This movie will leave you satisfied at the end because there is a great performance from Massoglia and Reilly. See my Reviews on getthenew.com, thanks ahb.
7 The Four Hundred Blows is the semi-autobiographical story of Antoine Doinel, a boy trapped in a life of contemtptuous authority who turns to outward rebellion.  Truffaut shows his mastery of the cinema in this, his freshman attempt.The film is perfectly cast with Dionel relaying neutral facial expressions for the majority of the film.  The boy, although not necessarily evoking sympathy from the audience, definitely evokes empathy.  He is a pathetic character forced into his position by his teacher and his almost uncaring mother.Throughout the film, Truffaut hints at the possibility of a happy life for the protagonist, but just as soon as the ideal is given to us, it is taken away.  The mood shifts in the film are fabulously orchestrated through contrasting scenes, music, and  even acting.  From the opening sequence through the final,  enigmatic still shot, the movie is a masterpiece of both French and world cinema.  It is a must see.
7 Grade: B+In a Nutshell: Every female is going to relate to this movie. I think it's fairly safe to say that every woman has insecurities about herself. Whether it's a lack of confidence about how we look or speak or do certain things, we all wish we felt better about ourselves. We can be our own worst enemy. The mirror certainly doesn't help. This isn't a movie about body shaming, but one of having self-confidence and trying to be your best self.It's kind of a mix between Jack Black's comedy Shallow Hal and Tom Hank's charming movie Big (I loved both of them). It's a fun chick flick...meaning, take your besties to the theater, share a giant bucket of popcorn, and don't beat yourself up for not being so perfect. Tips for parents: · Some profanity.· You see a lot of Amy Schumer's cleavage, mid-section, and bare naked back side a couple of times, complete with tramp stamp. There is also a scene with a bunch of beautiful women in skimpy bikinis.· There is a lot of talk about sex, as well as a super awkward sex scene where you see some skin. Pre-marital relations.· 2 gay men.· Renee (Amy Schumer) gets drunk.· One of the girls confesses she has HPV and explains it away by saying, "Everyone has HPV." Um....nope. That's not true. Guess what? If you don't sleep around, you won't get it. Uplifting theme: · "Believe in yourself." - Renee Bennett (Amy Schumer)· It's confidence that makes you beautiful and sexy.· "Change your mind, change your life." - Soul Cycle teacher· "We are real women. What a great thing to be." - Renee Bennett· Do YOU really see people? Do you judge people just by how they look? Things I liked:· Michelle Williams is hilarious and awesome. She's so effective in dramas, but it's also nice to see her in a comedic role. She has had an amazing few months in the success of The Greatest Showman , as well as All The Money In The World . She's on a roll!· Most young people won't know who Lauren Hutton is. There is a picture towards the very end of the movie that shows Lauren Hutton when she was at the peak of her modeling days as a young woman. I thought it was really fun to have her in the movie as Lily LeClaire.· Yep, it's true. Kentucky Fried Chicken does use Hidden Valley Ranch dressing.· I liked that the Soul Cycle teacher told all of the class participants to "set an intention." If we were all more mindful and proactive about our lives, we'd be surprised at how much better things turned out. Renee (Amy Schumer) wears a sweatshirt at the beginning of the movie that says "Get it Girl!" which is the anthem of the movie. Take your flaws and STILL believe in yourself.· It's refreshing to see how brave Amy Schumer is about making fun of herself and flaunting her more than size 2 body. Her stand-up comedy bits have always been completely honest, although extremely raunchy. I admire that she doesn't let Hollywood make her feel terrible about herself.· I've been a big fan of Saturday Night Live ever since my college roommate and I would watch it together on a tiny TV in our dorm room. I love seeing a lot of the comediennes from SNL on movies lately. This one features the talented Aidy Bryant and Sasheer Zamata. · You'll see a lot of beautiful women like Naomi Campbell and Emily Ratajkowski.· I laughed at the beginning when the camera scanned all of Renee's beauty products in her bathroom. Most of us spend ridiculous amounts of money on products, hoping they will FINALLY be the magic pill to make us look prettier and feel better about ourselves. The ironic thing about this movie is that Renee works for a cosmetic company and her speech at the end sells more make-up. Things I didn't like:· You know what else is attractive? Virtue and humility. While Hollywood has been pumping out a lot of "be who you are" movies lately, there is a serious lack of movies that celebrate women, or men for that matter, who are virtuous and humble and chaste. Religious values are, more often than not, mocked in Hollywood movies. Yeah, that doesn't exactly get laughs or sell box office tickets, but I sure would like to see more well-behaved, good girls in movies being honored for a change.* Everyone loved Amy Schumer when she first hit the scene, but for some reason, it's now popular to hate her. Her stand-up routines are super trashy and she seems to celebrate being a skank, but I love that she doesn't apologize for not being the skinny model that Hollywood thinks she should be.· I thought it was funny that they grouped Busy Philipps with the "average" girlfriends, because I've always thought she was pretty.* I thought for sure that some time during the movie we'd hear a modern version of the famous West Side Story song, I Feel Pretty. Nope, it never played. Missed opportunity, right?* Women are definitely going to appreciate this movie more than men.Funny lines:· "Can I be you when I grow up?" - Ethan (Rory Scovel) Interesting lines:· "I think a lot of people are confused about themselves." - Ethan· "I started to believe that if I wanted it bad enough, all my dreams could come true." - Renee Bennett· "What if we never lost that little girl confidence?" - Renee· "This make-up line won't change your life - only you can do that." - Renee· "I know I look good. I don't need a room full of drunk guys to confirm it." - Renee· "I am brave. I am blonde. And I got this!" - Mason (Adrian Martinez)
7 Firstly, you need to appreciate the fact that everyone in Rashômon lied. This includes the Buddhist priest because he mentioned that everyone is good in nature. Even though he is aware of stories of rape and murder, he chooses to live in self-denial; to have faith in the goodness of humanity. Therefore, if you are still debating on who is absolutely right or wrong, then you are probably missing Kurosawa's intention. We need to analyze who is more wrong than the rest. Similarly, philosophy students will go off-topic if they choose to debate on whether Euthyphro was absolutely right or wrong to prosecute his father for accidentally murdering a murderer.The deceased samurai claims that someone removed the dagger from his chest and the woodcutter admits to the theft in the ending. So, let us start from here. Two claims from two accounts support that the murder weapon was a dagger. This eliminates the possibility that the murder weapon was a sword. Therefore, the bandit lied about killing the samurai with a sword. It is plausible that his ego as a famous bandit made him conjure this lie. In fact, it is possible that he ran off like a typical bandit after the rape without engaging a meaningless fight with the angry samurai.Did the deceased samurai lie? Yes. Remember what I said earlier, everyone lied in this film. The discussion should be centered on who lied the most. It is plausible that he did not commit suicide even though the murder weapon has been verified to be a dagger in the above paragraph. It is possible that the deceased samurai lied about his suicide to protect any remaining samurai dignity because the bandit raped his wife. So who killed him then? It is possible that his wife actually tripped and killed him accidentally with the dagger. To reveal the truth that he was killed in a freak accident is probably one of the last things in a respectable samurai's mind.Finally, the woodcutter, probably the biggest liar of all the characters' lies combined. He lied from the beginning, filed a false police report, made false statements in front of the judge, stole the valuable dagger and angrily accused the deceased samurai of lying about the murder weapon, which was later exposed by the commoner. He even reprimanded the commoner for stealing the clothes from an abandoned baby, which shows how hypocritical he is. All these accumulated lies make his claim of having a family of six children extremely unreliable. In the ending, the woodcutter was wearing a mild smile while walking towards the camera with the baby in his arms. The unusual eerie music played in the ending was also very suggestive. In my opinion, he is probably going to sell the baby to the black market for more money, considering the fact that he stole the murder weapon out of greed.Rashômon's ending was left open-ended by Kurosawa and I urge the audience not to watch on a superficial level. The ending is not as simple as it seems. This is Kurosawa we are talking about, not any random 'grade C' director. It is definitely not a hundred percent happy conclusion. Another open-ended film directed by Kurosawa is 'Rhapsody in August' (1991), which I studied for my film module.Mao points: 10/10
7 So much more than what I was expecting. If you saw the trailer to this movie, not only does it barely scrape the surface of what's going on but it's a little misleading to what the film is really about. It's not the best movie in the world, as it's a little too obviously being used as a vehicle for Paula Patton (who also produced it) to show how well she can do in the driver's seat as a leading lady, but the overall direction it's heading down was very satisfying to see.
7 I think it was the great comedian Edmund Gwenn who made the statement that "Dying is easy, comedy is hard." That is probably true but I am convinced that there are some actors who can make comedy look easy. At his best, Steve Carrell does just that. In 'Dinner for Schmucks' he occupies the role of Barry Speck, a blithering idiot for whom life is a jolly holiday and cynicism is a notion that seems to have passed him over. Barry's view of the world is devoid of irony or whimsy, he stares blankly with wide eyes and a stupid grin and never seems to understand what is happening right in front of him.Let me give you an example. Near the beginning of the movie, Barry is being seduced by a blond bimbo who tells him that she thinks she needs a spanking. We get this exchange: The Blond: "I'm a naughty school girl. I've been bad." Barry: "You look a little old to be a school girl" The Blond: "You're my schoolmaster. I need to be punished." Barry: "I'm not really qualified for that. I work for the IRS."That kind of idiocy makes Barry the perfect tool for Tim Conrad (Paul Rudd), a mid-level financial executive who curries favor with his implacable boss Lance Fender (Bruce Greenwood) when he manages to sell a Swiss billionaire on the idea of turning defective bombs into effective, yet unattractive, lamps. Fender is impressed and invites Tim to an annual dinner party at his mansion, a "Dinner for Winners" in which the purpose is for each guest to bring the biggest idiot they can find. The guest with the most entertaining idiot wins a trophy.The journey getting to that dinner party mostly involves Tim trying to survive Barry's idiocy. He has a way of saying and doing the most outrageous things while maintaining a demeanor that lets us believe that he hasn't the slightest clue that his behavior is the least bit odd, even his hobby of making cute dioramas with dead mice.The first half of the film is genuinely funny, as it observes Barry and his world as he looks out with wide eyes, a goofy smile. Yet, the rest of the movie is spotty. Once we get to know Barry, the movie tries to mix a riot of slapstick comedy with moments of sentimentality that are mostly made up of half-baked speeches about the value of friendship.The third act gets the film back on track somewhat as we finally arrive at that dinner party. What works are the simple observations about Barry and the other morons in attendance (one of whom is Jeff Dunham who is in a marital spat with one of his dummies). Those characters are funny but the scene goes overboard with a very long battle involving Barry and a nitwit mind-reader named Thurman Munch (Zach Galifianakis) who wears Dickies over his shirts and has a self-satisfied autobiography called "Your Mind Is My Puppet". The scene quickly spirals into a very bizarre area reminiscent of some of Monty Python's lesser sketches.Steve Carrell is the the entire reason for seeing 'Dinner for Schmucks'. His wonderful performance is pitch perfect, playing a lovable dolt who genuinely believes what he says, even when he confesses to Tim that the reason his wife left his that "I lost her clitoris". To see the deadpan look in his eyes is to understand that Barry believes this statement completely. It is also possibly to understand why his wife really left him.*** (of four)
7 Words cannot accurately describe how affecting this movie is.   The story itself is harrowing, but the way in which Day Lewis portrays Gerry Conlon is heartbreaking at times.  Several scenes in the film may be hard to take for those with a sensitive nature.   Captures the mood and the time perfectly for someone like me, who is not Irish, lives nowhere near Guildford and wasn't even alive at the time of the pub bombings.   I really wasn't expecting anything special when I sat down to watch this. I could not have been more wrong.   The soundtrack is great without exception too!   A total and utter classic.
7 First of all this has nothing to do with the story of Van Helsing and in fact this show does a great disservice to the very name. Set in 2019 the vampires act and look more like zombies, the main characters aren't inspiring and the script is just plain awful. The whole thing stumbles along at a very slow pace and even the action parts are slow and predictable. As for Van Helsing well he's a woman who's been laying on, what appears to be an operating table, for quite a long time in a laboratory of sorts. Van Helsing is guarded by a lone soldier who feeds the once doctor, now vampire, with his own blood via an iv line. Sounds ridiculous? well it is. The Syfy channel is quite good at bringing out crap TV series and with this one they don't disappoint.
7 Blockers is one of the funniest and best comedies in years. I want to get that statement out of the way first.Three girls who have been best friends since elementary school agree to each have sex with their dates on prom night. Their parents catch wind of the plan and decide that they must stop this from happening. They play the role of blockers. That's really all you need to know about the plot. This movie is fueled by the characters, all of which are more layered than they first seem. Look out for Ike Barinholtz's moment in the third act. And John Cena's. And Leslie Mann's. Heck, every featured character has at least one impressive dramatic moment. But let's be clear-this is a comedy. Several scenes in this movie had me absolutely cracking up, and I was far from the only viewer laughing that hard. One guy started wheezing and even exclaimed, "oh man, this is too much; I can't breathe!" Then the crowd laughed even more. All of this uproarious laughter from a movie that contains no comedy stars. It's rare. Btw, I have nothing but love for Leslie Mann (a comedy standout, not quite a star) and John Cena (a star, perhaps, but not yet for his comedy). Then I realized something. There are comedy stars in this movie. They just haven't become stars yet. What I'm saying is, remember the names and faces from this movie, especially the three daughters. In a few years you will look back and see this as their breakout moment.In addition to the humor, which is abundant, this movie has quite a bit of heart. That's what takes it up a level. Each parent-daughter relationship feels real and lived in. This helps viewers who are not already parents themselves understand what these parents are going through.When one daughter asks why sex is so bad (a totally reasonable question), her dad stammers for a moment, then says he doesn't know. It's tough to explain. The movie wisely doesn't take this conversation any further. If it had, the conversation would have become preachy. Her dad has an answer, but it's a long, complicated and messy one. The scene (and the movie) works better without attempting to provide this messy explanation.That's a line that the writers walk carefully and successfully. They say just enough to provide both sides of thought on why the parents want so desperately to stop their daughters. Are they wrong to manically chase their daughters down? Well, yeah. Are they wrong to want to protect them? Not at all. That's what this blocking attempt is really about. Protecting their daughters. To the parents, sex is a step into adulthood and all its problems. They just want their daughters to stay safe and innocent as long as they can. It's a warm message that works because it never patronizes viewers. This movie is much smarter than it looks in the trailer. I certainly didn't expect to laugh this much, think this much, or feel a lump in my throat when I saw promos for Blockers. But I did. And now I'm giving it a strong recommendation. Go see Blockers. It's a hilarious story that also manages to make you care.
7 Now I will state from the start that Kevin Hart as a comedian has never appealed to me and so therefore that also translates into his films having never been intrigued enough to go see one of his (some of the critical receptions bare this out) but this is obviously where that trend ends for me.In this 'mismatched' buddy action comedy both Kevin Hart and Dwayne Johnson seem to have stumbled upon some fabulous comedic chemistry that I most certainly didn't see coming.Having stated my indifference earlier to Kevin Hart I am at the opposite end of the spectrum when it comes to Dwayne Johnson, a man, an actor who probably shouldn't be as successful as he is...yet I can't resist his charms, there is just something inherently likable about the man as an on screen presence and as an actor in general and that is no different here.Quick plot synopsis now, flashback to high school, Hart is Mr. Popular, Johnson is the school joke, flash-forward twenty years to the present day where after a social media inspired meetup if would appear maybe that now the two have switched places in life (quite a common story arc) and what may also be certainly more concerning for Hart is the fact that Johnson may appear to be a spy on the run, so ensues a parade of nifty chase sequences some rather inspired and choreographed escape fighting scenes interspersed of course with Hart chipping in with comedic observations of their currently absurd predicament. There is in particular a scene where Johnson has replaced the role of a therapist who is about to give marriage counsel to Hart and his wife and it is extremely funny.This should not of entertained me as much as it did and trust me I am as surprised as anyone that it got many laughs out of me, it certainly does remind me in parts to 21 Jump Street, what I mean by that is it being a nice comedic surprise of a film that has the laughs but actually does in part also have a heart in place, or as the brilliant marketing department said on the films tagline and posters 'It takes a little Hart and a big Johnson' just superb.I was a little concerned after the films opening which I mentioned earlier is a flashback to high school where we see the rather unsubtle face of Johnson transposed onto the head and body of a rather overweight kid but the film got out of that just pure weird territory quicker than expected, yes not every joke hits the mark but the success to failure rate is amply way on the positive side of things and the pace and action is brisk enough that it never overstays its welcome which is very surprising given the near two hour feature length running time.But I suppose the main question that does have to be asked though is 'who is the Black Badger' maybe I'm the Black Badger, as Thomas Kretschmann brilliantly puts it.So it's not particularly going to change the comedic landscape out there but it more than succeeds in keeping you very entertained throughout mainly thanks to the great comedic chemistry that Kevin Hart and Dwayne Johnson bring to the party.
7 Like most movie parodies, `Scary Movie' starts out well then begins to head downhill as it exhausts the possibilities of its limited material. Certainly, few genres are as rife for self-satire as the teen slasher films that have proliferated in theatres ever since the early 1980's.  Seeing, however, as even some of the earliest `Friday the 13th' and `Halloween' films seem like ancient history to today's core movie going public, `Scary Movie' draws upon more contemporary examples of the genre like `Scream' and `I Know What You Did Last Summer' as its source of inspiration.  In its opening stretches, `Scary Movie' has a great deal of fun parodying the many ludicrous conventions that have long defined these films:  the use of 30-year old actors to portray empty-headed, nubile adolescents; the heavy emphasis on teen sexuality and partial nudity; the inane actions of the killer's victims who seem to do everything possible to hurl themselves into dangerous situations; and the oh-so-predictable false scare (usually caused by a leaping cat) followed immediately by the inevitable killer's attack.Directed by Keenan Ivory Wayans and boasting a screenplay concocted by no fewer than six (count em SIX) writers, `Scary Movie' establishes a high speed rhythm and pace that the filmmakers manage to sustain through most of the film's 88-minute running time  though there is a noticeable tendency on the part of the film to lag in the last half hour.  Part of the problem could be that, as with most films made up essentially of sound and sight gags haphazardly strung together, it is inevitable that some of the bits will succeed better than others and that, as the movie rolls along, the inspiration will run a little dry and the humor will become less spontaneous and more forced.  Indeed, this type of movie genre parody has always worked best when applied in small doses on TV series like `Saturday Night Live,' `In Living Color' and even the `Carol Burnett Show.'  Stretched out to full length, such concepts often suffer the curse of diminishing returns.Occasionally, the screenplay edges so close to the limits of good taste that one may question whether or not the material is truly appropriate for the age group at which the movie is obviously targeted.  The crudity is actually much more comically effective when it is merely hinted at than when it is so openly spelled out and displayed.  But then subtlety is not exactly a strong suit of the straight horror movie genre either. `Scary Movie' is, at least, blessed with a winning, game cast made up of appropriately post adolescent actors who understand well the mannerisms and speech patterns of the stereotypes they embody.  The overall good-natured quality of the film and its fairly high laugh ratio of gems to clunkers make `Scary Movie' an imperfect but generally likeable popcorn entertainment.
7 "Howl's Moving Castle" opened here in France on Jan. 12th (as "Le Château Ambulant," natch), and I saw it at an avant-première. As a raving fan of Miyazaki and of Diana Wynne Jones, I feel lucky to be an American living in France -- I see there's no release date announced yet for the U.S. Sorry, folks, and blame Disney! I understand the feelings of viewers who have criticized the movie as trite. I find it's less imaginative, in terms of character development and emotional profundity, than Miyazaki's best masterpieces. However, even a pedestrian Miyazaki movie is infinitely more rich, frightening, imaginative and humane than any six Disney films put together, and there's a lot to love in "Howl's Moving Castle." I am glad I didn't reread Jones' book before seeing the film; even going on my six-year-old memory of the novel, I can see the movie's a very loose adaptation, and I think Jones fans would do best to try to take the movie on its own merits instead of looking for a faithful adaptation. That said, Miyazaki is surprisingly successful, at moments, in capturing the richness of the novel's characters: the peculiar co-habitation of charm and terror in Howl the sorcerer and his demon companion Calcifer, and the pragmatic strength of will that makes us love Sophie, the protagonist, who embodies both the fairy-tale archetypes of the young girl and the old woman at once.Miyazaki's directorial trademarks are here in spades. Most of them lend strength and power to the film: his passion for open landscapes, his vision of the power and horror of war, the uncompromised way his movies work to empower children, and especially girls. A few of them are just Miyazaki quirks that fans will recognize with amusement (walrus mustaches, cobbled European squares, and flying machines for everyone!) Richer and stranger, though, are the very successful integration of two things that Disney animation never even approaches: the way even a children's story can blur lines between an enemy and a friend, and the cohabitation of the monstrous and the sublime. Enemy, ally, monster, beloved: Miyazaki gives both visual and moral weight to these disturbing contradictions, and certain scenes in "Howl's Moving Castle" evoke a frightening sublimity I have never seen elsewhere than in "Princess Mononoke." I think the film suffers from a slightly hurried pace, especially with respect to the protagonists' character development, and the result is a loss of the subtlety that makes Jones' book such a gripping fairy tale. Her Howl is more ambivalent, and her story is a more complex investigation of adolescent heartlessness and the growth of the heart. The ending, which falls back too much on clichéd imagery and deus-ex-machina, also could have been better handled. All that said, "Howl's Moving Castle" contains lots of treasures and will, I think, stand up to repeated viewings. Miyazaki fans will be delighted, and kids around the world should be given the chance to taste this latest rich, respectful children's tale. (Be warned, though: there are moments as terrifying as those in "Princess Mononoke," and younger kids will need their parents with them.) On a final note, as few hardcore fans of Japanese anime will need to be reminded, the movie is doubtless best seen in its original version with subtitles. The Japanese voice acting is terrific -- although the voice of "young Sophie" doesn't strike me as anything special, the actors playing the aged Sophie, Howl, and especially Calcifer are fantastic. Calcifer is a magnificent creation and should delight even the most conservative fan of the novel. I have serious doubts that the inevitable English-language dub will do the nuances justice.
7 As thought provoking and stylish as you'd expect. Kind of like a hybrid of Enter the Void, Nymphomaniac, The Lobster and Weekend. You can feel the love that has gone into this film.The sex is both beautiful and ugly. It's not porn, more like an aestheticized version of somebody's personal sex tape, but one designed to provoke contemplation more than any other response. To feel any more real it would need to be in the style of a documentary, which would have the effect of distancing you from the characters. I didn't feel like I was experiencing the story directly (as I do with good suspense movies), but I did want things to work out well for the characters. If you judge a movie by how much the pacing and suspense immerses you, you won't enjoy Love. If you can be immersed into a movie's atmosphere and want something to feed your imagination, then you will get a lot from it.A lot of reviews and comments on IMDb seem to say it is not a thought provoking movie, or that it is pretentious, yet the poster was moved to write about their thoughts on it, so it certainly isn't empty. I found talking about it can result in the conversation going to some very interesting places.It has earned a place in the history of cinema, and is hopefully a step away from the feelings of shame people feel about sex, a step towards greater freedom in art, culture and cinema.
7 I thought Despicable Me 1 and 2 were great fun, movies that you could watch over and over every few months or so and still laugh. Despicable Me 3 I hardly laughed at all, and can't see myself watching it again anytime soon. That's not to say it wasn't fun. The Minions were kind of funny as usual but the overall plot and script wasn't as witty and charming. Mr. Gru is not really a good guy or villain in this one. The interaction between him and his new found brother provided a few laughs. His new wife tries hard in her new role as mother to Gru's kids, maybe that could have been played up more. I've heard another reviewer say this was an unnecessary sequel, and that's hard to disagree with.
7 I saw "Father Figures", starring Ed Helms-Vacation_2015, Meet Dave; Owen Wilson-Wonder, Midnight in Paris and Glenn Close-Guardians of the Galaxy, The Stepford Wives_2004.This is a basic comedy-nothing groundbreaking-about twin brothers in search of their birth father. Ed plays a bored, divorced proctologist that likes to watch Law & Order:SVU for fun. Owen is his paternal twin that is wealthy from his modeling days-his image was used on some BBQ sauce. Glenn plays their mother, who is getting remarried-after her first husband had died years earlier, when the twins were young. The boys bring up the subject of their birth father and Glenn tells them that the man they thought was their father, is not their birth father after all. She tells them that it was the 1970's and the disco era so she is not exactly sure who it was. She gives them a name of a possible candidate-Terry Bradshaw in a cameo-and the boys go on a road trip which leads to another-J.K. Simmons in a cameo-and another-Christopher Walken in a cameo-and well, there are lots of cameos in the movie. There is a twist ending and all ends well, as a good comedy should. Like I said, nothing groundbreaking here but it is executed in a funny manner.It's rated "R" for language and sexual content-no nudity-and has a running time of 1 hour &53 minutes.I enjoyed it and would buy it on DVD.
7 Yes, this title is a classic and we can all agree that it has been critically acclaimed by many to be a masterpiece. This movie pops up in so many lists of the greatest movies of all time that watching it at least once in your lifetime becomes a must. So I prepared myself for at the least a good movie. Is it a good movie? Well, yes and no.See, it depends on why you are watching movies in the first place and where you derive pleasure from. For me watching movies is a way of entertainment and enjoyment, I want to have fun, I want to laugh, I want to cry, I want to think, I want to be engaged, I want to guess what is going to happen, I want characters that I can relate to and be attached to. Now all those things don't mean that I want MINDLESS fun,I do prefer intelligent plot with great characters and development but I want the movie to incorporate entertainment value as well. Citizen Kane was a character study, it was like an assignment for my university where I had to critically evaluate the title to get a good grade.Yes, cinematography was amazing and to think it was a movie from 1941 it is just jaw dropping. Yes, the character of Kane was complex and it was a good character study. Yes, the symbolic nature of "Rosebud" and what it represents was brilliantly done, especially when we see that Kane's romantic life with his women was screwed up. But all those things are meaningless to me when I don't enjoy the movie and I am ready to die from boredom. I literally forced myself to not fall asleep, all the time I was thinking "There must be something wrong with me, this is the greatest film of all time. Get your sh*t together, wake up and pay attention. This is awesome, right?". At some points I even thought that I must be stupid for not liking this film, but if people choose to name me stupid I don't care, at least I am honest with my feelings. What matters is that I consider myself to be fairly intelligent and I didn't see the appeal of this movie unless you are watching this for critical purposes.Now why this movie is in the top 250 and is considered a classic? That's probably because of the technical aspects of the movie and in this sense it might be a masterpiece, but I just can't see people enjoying this so much to have it so highly rated because of the entertainment factor.
7 2017 has been a very mixed year for horror (so far, anyway) We've had some fairly terrible movies like Rings, The Bye Bye Man and Annabelle: Creation but we've also had some unique, memorable films such as Get Out, It Comes at Night and IT. I'm still holding out for films such as Happy Death Day, Jigsaw and Creep 2 to be great but one film I didn't expect to enjoy was The Ritual. I saw the trailer before my screening of IT and it looked to be just another throwaway horror movie trying to be the next The Blair Witch Project. Thankfully, the film's trailer was just a poor attempt at showing what the film actually is like and shouldn't be used to assess the quality of the movie. The film's premise isn't entirely original, a bunch of friends decide to go hiking and to save time decide to cut through an eerie forest. This premise has been done to death in movies and even though director David Bruckner (V/H/S/) tries to set his film apart from the rest, the final product ends up feeling very cliché. Where the film does shine is with its cast of characters, the four friends on their hiking adventure which takes a sour turn for the worst. Our protagonist Luke (Rafe Spall) is the most interesting, fleshed-out character of the bunch and I was surprised to find out that the first act of the movie is centred around character development which really gave us a chance to learn about and care for these characters.After witnessing the murder of his friend, Robert (Paul Reid), Luke suffers incredible guilt and feels as if he's responsible for Robert's death as he chose to hide instead of step in and try to protect his friend. Spall does a good job portraying Luke by going the quiet and reserved route for the first half of the movie and while I wouldn't say there were any stand-out performances, everybody involved did well with the material they had and the banter between the friends kept things interesting and was good fun to watch.One of the things I absolutely loved about this movie was how it looked visually. Director of photography Andrew Shulkind (Southbound) does an incredible job of making the audience feel like they're in the woods with these friends. The incredible overhead shots of the area truly makes the forest feel like its own character which I adored. However, some of the scenes shot at night are hard to make out due to how dark it is at times but during the daytime sequences, the film looks visually stunning.One of the weaker aspects of the movie is the horror. I'd actually hesitate to even call this movie a horror flick and feel like if it was marketed as a thriller, people would have enjoyed this movie a little more (judging from some of the mixed reception it's received after it's premiere at TIFF and ODEON's Scream Unseen program, which I saw the film at).Although there's a few unsettling images and scenes scoured throughout, I wouldn't say any of it was that scary. For the majority of the second act, the horror comes from the friends discovering horrific things such as a bear pinned up to a tree with its guts ripped out. Like I said before, not entirely original but still unsettling. When the friends realize they're going to have to find shelter on the first night of their venture into the woods, they stay the night in an abandoned cabin which has strange markings inside, similar to ones they've seen on some of the trees outside. After searching the house for items to start a fire, they discover a strange pagan headless creature in the basement which looks like something ripped directly out of The Wicker Man. After discovering this strange figure, the friends all try to get some sleep but are each haunted by nightmares. Although we get to hear about most of them, the only ones we get to experience are Luke's. All of them reside in the shop where Robert was murdered and each one of these gets progressively more and more disturbing throughout the course of the film.Without going into spoiler territory, the third act of the movie caught me off guard and really surprised me. As I said before, the trailer made it seem as if this film was just trying to be the next Blair Witch but once the true nature of the film is revealed, I was on the edge of my seat until the credits rolled.The film has a lot of charm and humour which also surprised me. There's a few moments in the movie during the third act which had myself and the audience in hysterics. Also, it might contain my favourite visual gag of the entire year involving Luke and an old lady. The film takes itself very seriously but knows when to have fun and lighten up the tone a little. This isn't a comedy though so if you're expecting something along the lines of Zombieland or Shaun of the Dead in terms of humour, you're going to be disappointed. The humour is definitely a welcome addition though.Overall, The Ritual was a very fun time. Although, I wouldn't say it's my favourite horror-thriller movie of the year, it does a great job making you feel lost in the woods with these characters and with a surprise shift in tone during the third act, the movie never feels boring or uninteresting. Good performances, stunning visuals and an entertaining, albeit cliché premise make for a solid directorial feature debut. I'm looking forward to see more from Bruckner in the future and if his previous work is any indication of how versatile he is as a horror filmmaker (he previously worked on the first short in the horror anthology V/H/S/) then we're in for a treat.
7 Early man is a good film, but there were a couple of things that got annoying after a while.Cons: the caveman are stupid joke got annoying after 10 minutes. -1Predictable plot like a lot of sport movies. -1A bit of annoying characters in the film, some of the caveman. -1Pros: Good screenplay for the most part +1Good animation and music +1Characters are creative and original +1Mostly original comedy, Ann's good humour +1Enjoyable for most ages if not all +1Setting is nice to look at +1Football looked in history in a new way +1In short, this film is worth watching, and has decent jokes and a storyline even if it's predictable. Sure it's not a 10/19 but it's not anywhere close to awful as movies such as minions or fred
7 Great movie. I thought it was going to be some what mediocre since it wasn't in theaters, but it was really, really good. You can't go wrong with Jason playing lead role. I thought him, the dad, and the villain had great performances.
7 In fifties Coney Island, Ginny (Kate Winslet) is married to second husband Humpty (Jim Belushi). Its a bleak existence, despite the park setting that is supposed to be "amusement". Once an aspiring actress, Ginny waits tables in the strip's clam restaurant while Humpty operates the carousel. Their meager abode is a converted "fun house" apartment, where the noise of the rides and concessions is constantly heard. Ginny's son also lives with them and is a very troubled boy, a budding pyromaniac who skips school often. By chance, Ginny meets the lifeguard Mickey (Justin Timberlake) when she walks on the beach as a storm approaches, something a lifeguard must curtail. Ginny soon feels drawn to Mickey and tells him her story of woe, including the fact that she was unfaithful to her first husband and he left her. A wannabe playwright, Mickey confides he falls in love easily and knows places for rendezvous. They are soon a secret item. But, wait, there's more. Humpty's beautiful but troubled daughter Carolina (Juno Temple) arrives after not seeing her father for five years. She has run away from her mobster hubby and the hitmen are looking for her. As her former mate knows Carolina's dad disowned her, it is unlikely they will come looking in Coney Island. Soon, Caro has a job at the same clam shack, and, one fateful night, she too meets Mickey and is enchanted. But, since Ginny views Mickey as her "last chance" of eternal happiness, she will do anything to keep Mickey to herself. That's anything, right? This sumptuous, shattering film is one of Allen's more somber films but it is nonetheless wonderful. Especially beautiful is the dialogue, where ideas are presented with great screenwriting ability. Then, too, the performances are topnotch. Winslet is heartbreaking as Ginny while Belushi, Temple and Timberlake compliment her strongly, as do various minor players. Also tantalizing is the art direction in its recreation of Coney Island scenery and costumes, all photographed beautifully. Are you a movie fan that waits and waits for the best in motion picture offerings to arrive? The wait is over.
7 Daddy's Home 2 is silly and over-the-top, and much like the first film isn't short of a few eye-rollers and missteps; there may not be a dance- off, but they don't shy away from that level of comicality. This sequel contains more slapstick humor, but in turn that also means more laughs. It never got me rolling on the floor so to speak, and most of the comedy was provided through actions rather than words, but that doesn't mean I didn't have a good time smiling throughout either.The themes of relationship sabotage and reclamation continue here, with less satisfying results than its predecessor. I do kind of wish that Brad and Dusty weren't too bothered with harboring internal conflicts as that is what the first film was all about, but it did connect to the overall story so I understand its necessity. Character involvement is plenty spread out with highlights from Mel Gibson, though due to a short run time there is a lot of underdevelopment juggling ten characters. The absence of Hannibal Buress was also noted (and hey, where were the dogs?).As far as PG-13 pure comedies go this may near atop the 2017 list, though that's not saying much. Even if the film's quality might not be worth all of your hard-earned dollars, its value is still best served as a theater viewing experience with the family (age not being a factor), especially as we near the holiday seasons.Minor note: There is a short after-credits scene that is not worth your time. I don't know what it was there for.
7 In Los Angeles, humans live with orcs and elves in a world where fantasy creatures do exist. LAPD police officer Dayl Ward (Will Smith) is the first human cop having the orc police officer Nick Jakoby (Joel Edgerton) as partner. When Ward is shot by an orc and Jakoby does not capture the shooter, he questions whether Jakoby lets the fellow orc escape. During a patrol, Ward and Jakoby arrest a man that tells that there is a prophecy and Ward is blessed. Meanwhile, Internal Affairs press Ward to find the truth about the escape of the shooter so that they can fire Jakoby. The magic department of the FBI interrogates the man that belongs to the terrorist Shield of Light group and they learn that they are preparing the return of the Dark Lord that will destroy the world. Ward and Jakoby are summoned to attend a disturbance and they stumble upon a Shield of Light safehouse where they arrest the elf Tikka (Lucy Fry) and her magic wand. Soon they learn that Tikka is hunted down by the evil and powerful elf Leilah (Noomi Rapace) and her gang and they need to protect Tikka and the wand; otherwise the world will be destroyed. What will they do?"Bright" is an action film that looks like a pilot of a TV series. The screenplay begins too rushed in a world of orcs and elves living with humans without explanation. But as soon as the viewer understands the big picture of this fascinating Los Angeles and the character motives, the film becomes very attractive with great potential of a sequel (or a series). My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): "Bright"
7 After the artistic success of AND THEN THERE WERE NONE, the only notable film based on Dame Agatha Christie's stories was a remake of LOVE FROM A STRANGER with John Hodiak and Sylvia Sidney as the ill-matched couple, but re-staged in the 1890s rather than 1930 England. Then, in 1957, Billy Wilder made this production of a short story by Dame Agatha called WITNESS FOR THE PROSECUTION. With a tip-top cast of Charles Laughton, Marlene Dietrich, Tyrone Power, and Elsa Lancaster, the film was a brilliantly done version of Christie's short story, changed in it's ending (but to a changed ending found in Christie's own dramatization). Leonard Vole (Tyrone Power) is a salesman who meets an elderly, wealthy woman (Norma Varden) and gains her affections - much to the dislike and mistrust of her servant (Una O'Connor). O'Connor claims she saw the two together the night that Varden was beaten to death in her apartment. Vole is arrested, and his solicitor (Henry Daniell) wants England's best barrister, Sir Wilfred Robarts (Laughton) to defend him. Robarts is recovering from a heart attack, and is being nursed by Miss Plimsoll (Elsa Lancaster). He is a difficult patient, and is not looking forward to an enforced rest in Bermuda. So, despite the protests of Plimsoll he takes the case. He does promise her he will listen to his doctor and take his medicine. She does not trust him. Sir Robert meets Vole's German born wife, Christina Helm (Dietrich), who alarms him. She is too cool, to detached at her husband's peril. But he goes ahead, and is soon in court fighting a first rate opponent (Torin Thatcher as Myers), and scores some impressive points against the prosecution, especially in cross-examining O'Connor. But at the critical moment he finds that by a subtle point of law, Dietrich can testify against Power, and does so. So the plot becomes, how to defeat this "witness for the prosecution"? Is there something that can turn the tables on her and her testimony.And the evidence to use against Dietrich does appear - from an unexpected source. Is it effective? Will Power be saved in the end? Or is there something going on?Although the conclusion of this film has been pretty well known for years, I will refrain from explaining what it is. A good mystery should surprise the audience, as this does every audience that sees it for the first time. Laughton and Lancaster make a funny pair (and in the end, an endearing one from Lancaster's point of view). Power gets to play his most sinister part since "the Great Stanton" Carlyle in NIGHTMARE ALLEY. And Dietrich does pull off the biggest surprise twist in her career. As for Wilder, after some questionable films in the mid 1950s (THE SEVEN YEAR ITCH, THE SPIRIT OF ST. LOUIS) he was back in form. His handling of the courtroom scenes (which make up nearly 60% of the film) are far more realistic and speedy than Alfred Hitchcock's plodding THE PARADINE CASE a decade earlier. It was the best of the Christie films prior to MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS.
7 Expectations weren't exactly through the roof for SOOML. No big name actors, a director with no feature film experience and a screenplay by the same guys who brought us Sex Drive. It is with great delight then, that what we get is 100 minutes of laughter and light-hearted entertainment. Is it clichéd? Sure is. We've seen the 'underdog gets the girl' story repetitively since the dawn of cinema, but at least scripters John Morris and Sean Anders inject it with humorous variations to ensure we forgive their shortcomings in originality.Jay Baruchel was another unknown quantity. His supporting turns in Knocked Up, Fanboys, Tropic Thunder and Million Dollar Baby (remember the weakling who frequented the boxing hall despite his complete lack of talent – that was Baruchel) have provided laughs galore, but being the main star is different altogether. His geeky exterior and small frame isn't exactly leading man material however Baruchel's great comic timing and willingness to make a fool of himself if required makes him a likable headliner.On the opposite end of the gender pole is the drop-dead gorgeous Alice Eve who, like Molly, is a hard ten. It's not just her looks that makes her popular with the men though, she's genuinely cool and doesn't have a whiff of ego. Elsewhere in the cast you'll find the previously unknown T.J. Miller as Kirk's best mate Stainer – a character who resembles Napoleon Dynamite if he were on crack cocaine – who delivers a handful of memorable one-liners and plenty of laugh-out-loud moments.A charismatic cast and some hilarious jokes makes this a surprising winner.3.5 out of 5 (1 - Rubbish, 2 - Ordinary, 3 - Good, 4 - Excellent, 5 - Classic)
7 Movie not so scary, but in some place you will jump out of your chair because of the sound effect, story quite confusing and completely varies from the previous versions, as usual not lengthy movie so acceptable to spend some time for entertainment portion of your daily life, DON'T MISS THE FIRST SCENE which is far good than other scenes.. Worth watch in BIG screen, so watch soon.
7 I saw it at Cinemateket in Oslo once and I was so captivated by the film that I was stunned for days after I saw it. I saw it with no background music, but when I saw it, I didn't even notice that. The camera work was SO tremendously magnificent, the cutting so exciting and the acting so good, that it passes Sunrise as my favorite silent film, which also made a tremendous impact on me. The extreme close-ups of the faces in the courtroom, the cutting during the torture scene are just two of my personal favorite things about this movie Falconetti's portrait of the french heroine was some of the most wonderful acting in a silent film I've ever seen. It even compares to the great Lillian Gish. I haven't been able to get it on Laserdisc or DVD yet though, but I hope it will be issued.
7 Normally I skip out on foreign horror movies with subtitles, but my spouse and I really enjoyed this horror movie because it's not so far fetched. Much better than other demon/ possession movies released in recent years. All of the child actors were good in their roles, and the demon was genuinely frightening because you don't see it often. I thought the mattress idea was a good one. It's based on a true story... which makes it even better.
7 The cast is nice , Chris Hemsworth , Charlize Theron , Jessica Chastain and Emily Blunt are all accomplished actors and they did their roles well. The story had an obvious ending and an obvious twist but then that's not what the movie was all about. If you want to watch an action packed fantasy drama with some decent CGI effects and decent acting , well you cant discount this film . I personally found this better than the first one as the first one was tad slower and seemed to drag on a bit perhaps more so because of snow white and her frozen acting . Here the frost queen acted more fluidly . I did enjoy the CGI as well because it was not over used and the colouring of the gold with black in contrast with the ice queens blue and white went really well. In my opinion its definitely worth a watch.
7 The film turn on the endlessly renewed battle between good and evil, the former represented by the Jedi knights and the mystical Force which they are in touch with, and the latter by the Galactic Empire with its Nazi-like storm-troopers Luke Skywalker's simple farming life on a remote planet is dramatically changed when he intercepts a distress call from rebel leader Princess Leia Organa The message leads him to Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi and with the two droids C3PO and R2D2, and later Chewbacca and Han Solo, their journey to release the princess from the evil Empire begins Now a quarter of a century old, Lucas' project has benefited from improvements in special effects technology, but his vision has remained the same: a naive, even childlike belief in absolute good and evil, a preference for action over character and spectacle over everything
7 If you have seen the trailer, then the movie is exactly what you would expect it to be. It's extremely average and cliched. Not a bad watch if you wanna kill some time, but I wouldn't waste your money on seeing it in the cinema.
7 This is a thought provoking teenage romance, based on the best-selling book of the same name.The plot follows a wandering spirit, who calls themselves simply 'A' who inhabits a different teenage body, sometimes different genders, and different races, but in the same locality every day.While on a 'trip', 'A' inhabits Justin and falls in love with his girlfriend Rhiannon. 'A' does not know why or get to choose the next body. On the subsequent trips 'A' tries to meet up with Rhiannon every day after. Towards the end of the film 'A' questions the practicalities of their possible future. This is an emotional film that challenges what you might do if you were to inhabit someone else's body. You'll like this if you value personality over looks.
7 This 1952 film by Akira Kurosawa, about a civil servant learning he has terminal stomach cancer, and trying to do something socially meaningful in the last months of his life to redeem his boring and uneventful life, has become a bit overrated. Some people has even called this film a masterpiece. The material is certainly moving, but the movie is stilted and static, the performance of the main actor is of one note, and the dialogue explains often what is obvious to the viewer. Realistic movies were not Kurosawa's forte. One cannot help but notice that at about the same time Ikiru came out such directors as Ozu and Naruse were making much stronger, fluid and unmawkish movies dealing with the everyday life in postwar Japan.
7 "What is wrong with you, young men? All the time, I will kill, I will kill... Who gave you the right for that?"I wasn't familiar with Estonian cinema before Mandariinid (Tangerines), but I will definitely be keeping my eyes open for Zaza Urushadze's upcoming projects because this was a fulfilling experience. I know the Academy doesn't always get it right, but at least it gives me a chance to check out films that I wouldn't have heard of otherwise. Urushadze's greatest strength as a director here comes from focusing on the story, which he also wrote. It is a simple anti-war film with a powerful narrative and strong performances that benefit from an interesting premise. Urushadze doesn't try to astonish the audience with great visuals or overload us with gruesome action scenes like most war films, but rather focuses on the humanity of each character and does so by centering the story in a small local community where only two men remain. He reduces the Civil War taking place in the Apkhazian region and focuses it on how it affects two local Estonians who have decided to stay in their farmland instead of seeking safety back in Estonia. Ivo (Lembit Ulfsak) and Margus (Elmo Nuganen) are neighbors who work together. Margus has a tangerine plantation (which explains the somewhat terrible title) and Ivo is a carpenter who makes the boxes for their transportation so they collaborate together. Since the war broke out, everyone in the land has returned to Estonia, but these two men have decided to stay. Ivo is a determined and wise old man who doesn't take sides in the war. When a conflict breaks out in front of their home, two soldiers are seriously injured and Ivo takes them into his home. The soldiers (Giorgi Nakashidze and Misha Meskhi) are enemies and we are expecting the tension to break out once they fully recover. Ivo knows this, but he also believes he can teach them a lesson through his acts of kindness during this terrible time of war. The film is effective and accomplishes its purpose of delivering its anti-war message by focusing on the humanity of each one of the characters. Lembit Ulfsak delivers the best performance of the film. He gives a quiet and calmed performance. Despite all the hate and hurtful things the two soldiers say to each other, he is always the voice of reason reminding them that they all share the same land and have equal rights. Ulfsak expresses this inner peacefulness very well from the opening scene in which some local soldiers come searching for food. He is the kind of person that would help anyone, even those that consider him an enemy. Elmo Nuganen is also solid as Margus who has a strong relationship with Ivo and looks up to him. When the two injured soldiers appear at their doorsteps the balance is disrupted and the war comes knocking home. So we clearly see how war takes its toll on everyone, even those who have nothing to do with the fighting, affecting their business and their lifestyle. Giorgi Nakashidze and Misha Meskhi deliver solid roles as these enemies who call a truce out of respect for Ivo while they are in his home. I found the simple premise for this film as a strong way to carry out its message by reducing the big scale of the war to a small local village, but still portraying it as something terrible. Some might consider this too simple of a story or too improbable, but I think it was a quite affecting way to deliver its message. I enjoyed how Zaza Urushadze decided to approach this material and would definitely recommend it.
7 If you've seen one Neeson film, you've probably seen them all. Despite having already mastered the art of playing the grizzled, independant tough-guy, Neeson is back with The Commuter, in which he plays an unsuspecting ... well ... commuter, who is drawn into a criminal conspiracy which could kill everyone on-board.It's a familiar sounding plot, but it's one that Neeson excels in, in fact, he may be too good at it by now. With all that said, The Commuter, much like Taken, Taken 2, Taken 3, Non-Stop, A Walk Among the Tombstones, Run All Night and Schindlers List, is another fun Neeson film which you'll probably enjoy much more than you'd be willing to admit.
7 You know how when you meet some really cool girl and you get along really well and you've known her for a couple years and you don't see her all that often but every time you do you remember what a blast you have with her. And then you find out she's got a big sister, who's really hot because your friend shows you a picture and your friend says she's gonna introduce you to the sister. So it's all good and you get pumped about the meeting but then when you're at the Bar None and you meet the older sister, you find out she's nowhere near as cool as the younger sister and you're disappointed because you thought there'd be some family resemblance not in looks but in the way they act but there just isn't, to the point it's harder to get drunk than usually because you're not having the fun you thought you would.It's kinda like that with "Juno" and "Jennifer's Body". Diablo Cody, the writer who stripped for a year before she decided to write "Juno", has presented us with this, her latest. But Jennifer leaves an aftertaste that Juno didn't.Here's what i like about "Jennifer's Body". The film was written by a woman (Diablo Cody), directed by a woman (Karyn Kusama) and stars two women. i like that it's a strong feminine movie, where the male and female roles are reversed for what i have baptized a 'Switch Flick'. Megan Fox (while maybe, at 23, a little old to play a high-school cheerleader) does a solid job as Jennifer and Amanda Seyfried makes the most of her portrayal as Jennifer's best friend; while, even more interestingly, the male parts of Jennifer's Body are tiny and insignificant. The chesty victims of traditional horror films are replaced by flat little boys and here the boy's meatier parts are held by women.The downside of the movie is that, as a satire of teenager slasher films, there is some humor but the basic framework is exactly the same as the movies it mocks. The director and writer should have taken the originality of their treatment of the characters and spread it into the story, the directing, the plot and all the rest of that stuff. As it is, Jennifer doesn't go as far as her little sister Juno.
7 My, my, there is some hate for this movie. I did not read the book, and it seems that most of the disappointed reviews are coming from those who did read it and are unhappy with the film version. Putting that issue aside, there are not enough good murder mysteries being made, like Wind River. Nice bonus is that the scenery is spectacular, and the movie is filmed beautifully. It's the story of two detectives from different backgrounds, working together to track down a serial killer in Norway. The pace is slow, but not boring, though I was admittedly ready for the pace to pick up about half way through. The revelation of the killer is not an OMG moment, in spite of the director's attempts to lead us down different paths. This film reminded me of The Crimson Rivers, with Jean Reno. If Frosty the Snowman had an evil twin brother...
7 I don't generally watch movies that rate under 6 stars just to save wasting time. I don't think I'll do that anymore.I went to see I Feel Pretty with a friend as the trailer had me hooked. I literally just created a IMDB account to leave a review because I just honestly can't believe how many awful reviews there are about this movie! Amy Schumer is every woman and I LOVED her in this. I laughed and nearly cried and above all felt empowered and walked out of the cinema feeling great about myself. Not many movies can do that.The character development and screenwriting are both very sound, and although nothing we haven't seen before, this film is fun, loveable and simply one of the best 'feel good' movies I've seen in a long time.Please don't let the ratings turn you off... It's hilarious. I can't wait to take my sister and mum and anyone else who will see it with me.
7 Reading all the bad reviews before watching a movie has always the same effect on me. As they obviously lower the expectations, I find myself often astonished and taken away by the things I see, compared to what I have read.  It is not the perfect movie but what is? One can always argue about the profoundness of characters and the performances of the cast. For me, the introduction to the topic is interesting, the location is the Canary Island of Gran Canaria is the perfect setting, and the cast makes the best out of a good idea, which is not told as it should have been. The story is not new but the angle of the topic is somewhat mysterious and gave me 90 min of satisfaction. Worth watching.
7 Sener Sen was a well known actor before Eskiya but after this movie he is like Al Pacino for Turkish people.The movie is the best movie of all Turkish movies and I had seen it for nearly ten times and each time I discovered different things and I liked it more.The movie is about an eshkiya means a person lives in the mountains,takes money from rich people in order to survive someone lawless.After 35 years in prison he meets a man in the train and than their fates go in the same way.He will love him as if like his child so that he will even leave his darling for him.The movie is about love,revenge,mafia and drug deals.It is a real masterpiece and I recommend this to everyone
7 Not the greatest movie but I did enjoy watching it.
7 'Amores Perros' is a shocking experience from visionary director Alejandro Gonzalez Iñarritu. It's a difficult film to watch, one which continuously challenges its audience, but a reward in of itself for those who can withstand its brutality. It puts a magnifying glass to the pain of love, and those who are destroyed by it. It gives new meaning to the film title's literal translation, 'love is a bitch'.In a single moment in time, several lives in Mexico City will be changed forever by a devastating car crash. The film divides itself into three separate segments: representing the past, present, and future. Octavio is searching for recognition and love, but looks in the wrong places. It's a desire that drives him, leading him to make choices in life that will soon haunt him. Valerie, whose life is most impacted by the car accident, finds herself living in a relationship that's crumbling and self-destructing. El Chivo must deal with the absence of his daughter, and the void it's left in his life. He finds companionship in the dogs he picks up off the street, and they soon become the only living things he can connect with. Together, the lives of these individuals will collide in more ways than one. They will find themselves connected by a single thread: love. And the hell that can be unleashed with it.When I finished watching 'Amores Perros', one of the first things that popped into my mind was why 'Babel' couldn't have been this good. Where 'Babel' lacked in emotional depths and highs, 'Amores Perros' at times finds itself drowning in it. It's a visceral and gritty film, so raw and intense. You may think you've seen it all, but 'Perros' will challenge even those who are rarely phased by cinema. You may find it difficult not to look away at times. Iñarritu's movie has been described as being a 'dog holocaust', and at times I can't disagree. The film's sheer violence is so penetrating and disturbing, it packs a mighty punch. And while this film is definitely not for the squeamish or faint of heart, there's no question that 'Amores Perros' has a tender heart and message ready to be heard. Iñarritu crafts a compelling story from start to finish, which strips down to the bare basics. His ability to capture a piece of the human spirit is wondrous, even if it doesn't always cast us in the best light. It's dark, fierce, and relentless, but nothing short of greatness.'Amores Perros' features an array of actors and actresses, all of which work wonders in their respective roles. Gael Garcia Bernal is, as always, brilliant. It's a more restrained and less quirky role than many are used to seeing him in, but nonetheless has the rare ability to capture and audience's attention with ease. Emilio Echevarria stars as El Chivo, and delivers a haunting performance as a man who finds himself alone and saddened. It's the weakest part of the film, but is made up for by Emilio's wonderful presence. Goya Toledo plays Valerie, a celebrity crippled by the accident the film revolves around. I found her part in the story to be most interesting, if not for the fact of seeing the life of someone who goes from having it all to nothing at all. There are many numerous performances, too many to cover, but they all lend their talents to create something extraordinary.'Amores Perros' is an adrenaline rush for its entire running, which tops two-and-a-half hours. It's all a very human and primal film, which can be attributed to Iñarritu's impeccable style and talent. Combining a mutli-faceted story with electric performances, 'Perros' works on many different layers to satisfying results. An original and bold step in film-making, this nearly perfect picture will have you experience a collage of emotions, and invest in flawed characters... all for the sake of love.
7 The movie has very original story line, and the ending is nothing what you'd expect from the beginning. The acting is good. The scrip is good. There is an actual plot, which seems to be hard to find in books, movies, and tv shows lately now that everything is just action and CGI.Only 2 things were wrong with this movie:1) It was too long for the story. They could've cut it down by 15-20 minutes2) The movie starts as a recollection told by Melinda(Taraji), and the whole first half is narrated while it's happening. I kind of felt that I was watching a play as a opposed to a movie for a while. I would've liked it better had the whole thing just been chronological.The last 45 minutes of the movie were gold.I don't understand why this movie has such low reviews. All the people rating this under 5 need to go watch Red Sparrow so they can see what an actual horrible movie is like.
7 I've always loved this movie. I first encountered it when I was in 4th grade. We would almost always watch this or Alladin during our school parties. I am now almost 19 years old here in 2004 and I gotta watch this movie once in a while to recapture the good ol' days of my childhood. This movie is indeed really cute and good for the whole family. I remember my cousin borrowed it from me and I did not get it back for nearly three years because she loved the movie to death. I am just glad to see that some of kids have somewhat of a career after this. I was wondering what happened to Darla, Alfalfa and the gang. It's hard to believe that most of the Rascals are now high schoolers and growing up. As I write this review, I have an urge to watch the movie again. 10/10...loved it as a kid and as a young adult, I still love it!
7 Is Rise a Glee Clone? Not exactly. While it hits a ton of the same story beats, it finds new and interesting things to do to make it fun to watch. Moana star Auli'i Cravalho shines as a Rachel Berry foil, giving the show new focus and new beats. Is Robbie just like a rapping Finn? Yes. There are similarities, but the shifted focus onto musical theater rather than glee club adds new weight and relatability, as does the new setting. The new characters are fresh figures to follow and overall, this show carries a more mature and modern tone. It feels grittier, yet still holds an uplifting tone. It's the poor man's Glee and boy is it fun. Rise is a fun show that has a future. So what if it's sort of like Glee? There's a Glee shaped hole in TV and Rise fills that spot nicely.
7 The film itself coud be described as mind numbing however, mum bought me a pack of twizzlers so i had some fun i guess
7 In Bedridge, Professor Parker Wilson (Richard Gere) finds an abandoned dog in the train station and brings the dog home with the intention of returning the animal to its owner. He finds that the dog is an Akita and names it Hachiko; however, nobody claims the dog and his family decides to keep Hachi. Along the years, the popular Hachi waits for Wilson in the square in front of the station. When Wilson dies at school, Hachi keeps waiting for his owner along the years until the day the meet each other. I was quite anxious waiting for the release of "Hachiko: A Dog's Story" on DVD. I had read in the newspaper the story of the Japanese dog that had waited for nine years for his deceased owner in the 20's in Japan and I expected a good adaptation of this story of loyalty and love by Lasse Hallström. This melodramatic movie has a great cast, with Richard Gere, Joan Allen and the dogs that should be nominated to the Oscar with their expressions and acting, better than many actors and actresses that we frequently see on the screen. Be ready for tears and bring handkerchiefs and tissues together with the popcorn to the sofa, and watch a really beautiful movie with your family. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): "Sempre ao Seu Lado" ("Always at Your Side")
7 I saw Jupiter Ascending tonight (after a VERY long wait I might add). Sadly it is not in the vain of other Wachowski films in terms of thought- provoking subject matter; however, I feel this film is being very unfairly criticized. No: the subject matter is not as deep or profound as in The Matrix, V for Vendetta, or the masterful Cloud Atlas. But it was never advertised to be that kind of film--it's a solid blockbuster movie (with plenty of room for sequels and/or prequels). I'd see it again!If you're considering watching this film, but hesitate after reading the same scathing reviews that I came across, just consider what interests you about the movie: if you're looking a movie with a complex plot and lots of underlying messages, this might not be the best choice. It's a blockbuster film pure and simple. A good one! But a very typical blockbuster/action/romance movie.
7 "The Girl on a Train" is the film adaptation of the best-seller by Paula Hawkins, transported from the London suburbs to New York's Hastings-on- Hudson.It's actually rather a sordid story encompassing as it does alcoholism, murder, marital strife, deceit, sexual frustration, an historical tragedy and lashings and lashings of violence. Emily Blunt ("Sicario", "Edge of Tomorrow") plays Rachel, a divorcée with an alcohol problem who escapes into an obsessive fantasy each day as she passes her former neighbourhood on her commute into the city. Ex-husband Tom (Justin Theroux, "Zoolander 2") lives in her old house with his second wife Anna (Rebecca "MI:5" Ferguson) and new baby Evie. But her real fantasy rests with cheerleader- style young neighbour Megan (Haley Bennett) who is actually locked in a frustratingly child-free marriage (frustrating for him at least) with the controlling and unpredictable Scott (Luke Evans, "The Hobbit"). A sixth party in this complex network is Megan's psychiatrist Dr Kamal Abdic (Édgar Ramírez, "Joy").In pure Hitchcockian style Megan witnesses mere glimpses of events from her twice-daily train and from these pieces together stories that suitably feed her psychosis. When 'shit gets real' and a key character goes missing, Megan surfaces her suspicions and obsessions to the police investigation (led by Detective Riley, the ever-excellent Allison Janney from "The West Wing") and promptly makes herself suspect number one.Readers of the book will already be aware of the twists and turns of the story, so will watch the film from a different perspective than I did. (Despite my best intentions I never managed to read the book first).First up, you would have to say that Emily Blunt's performance is outstanding in an extremely challenging acting role. Every nuance of shame, confusion, grief, fear, doubt and anger is beautifully enacted: it would not be a surprise to see her gain her first Oscar nomination for this. All the other lead roles are also delivered with great professionalism, with Haley Bennett (a busy month for her, with "The Magnificent Seven" also out) being impressive and Rebecca Ferguson, one of my favourite current actresses, delivering another measured and delicate performance.The supporting roles are also effective, with Darren Goldstein as the somewhat creepy "man in the suit" and "Friends" star Lisa Kudrow popping up in an effective and pivotal role. The Screen Guild Awards have an excellent category for an Ensemble Cast in a Motion Picture, and it feels appropriate to nominate this cast for that award.So it's a blockbuster book with a roller-coaster story and a stellar cast, so what could go wrong? Well, something for sure. This is a case in point where I suspect it is easier to slowly peel back Rachel's lost memory with pages and imagination than it is with dodgy fuzzy images on a big screen. Although the film comes in at only 112 minutes, the pacing in places is too slow (the screenplay by Erin Cressida Wilson takes its time) and director Tate Taylor ("The Help") is no Hitchcock, or indeed a David Fincher (since the film has strong similarities to last year's "Gone Girl": when the action does happen it lacks style, with the violence being on the brutal side and leaving little to the imagination.It's by no means a bad film, and worth seeing for the acting performances alone. But it's not a film I think that will trouble my top 10 for the year.(Agree? Disagree? For the graphical version of this review and to comment please visit bob-the-movie-man.com. Thanks.)
7 Cannibal Holocaust is nasty,sometimes VERY hard to watch,arguably sick,horrible,you name it. It's also a near masterpiece by it's director Ruggero Deodato {who never came near the quality of this film again}. It's a horror film in the most literal sense. It's not scary in the slightest,it doesn't attempt to make you jump. Despite it's scenes of horrendous violence,it's not even a simple 'gross out' a la Braindead. What Deadato attempted with this film is to disturb the viewer, provoke a reaction and make him or her THINK. The film has a powerful message about man's cruelty and violence,and Deodato just tackles it totally head on. This,and the fact that it is so well made{lets face it,some of the so-called 'video nasties' seem laughable now}are probably why the film has had so much censor trouble. Even if you hate it,it sticks with you,it's horrifying images staying in the mind for ages.And they are indeed many. People being ripped open and eaten,including even a penis being partially torn off. A woman having a foetus torn out of her and it buried in mud. Another woman raped with a dildo and than having a mudball with nails on thrust between her legs too. A brief fake documentary showing disturbingly realistic executions. The list goes on. You would be forgiven for thinking that this is just exploitative nastiness. However, {and this is just one of the many things that separates this film from the many other films of the cannibal subgenre],we are being shown this stuff to get us to think,not just about mankind's violence to each other and his ignorance of other races but also about violence in the news {and oddly enough,the glut of 'reality'shows on TV today also make the film pertinent}. And it also toys with our sympathies in a devilishly clever way. Cannibalism seems horrible to most of us, but at the end aren't we almost pleased to see the protagonists eaten by the natives when they have spent the previous half hour mistreating and abusing them?The film is oddly structured,with the second half being basically the 'film' which the characters in the first half of the film find. The second half has the most power,even if there are shots which couldn't actually have been taken by the filmmakers. Deodato actually shows great skill in many of the gory effects scenes by showing just enough of the effects to be effective but not dwelling on them so the fakery starts to show,and the climatic orgy of cannibalism is all the more shocking because much of it is only partially glimpsed,making more of an impression. Riz Ortolani's often bleakly beautiful score is superb and even the dubbing of the {good if not great}actors is not bad.The one thing about the film that is hardest to defend is the animal cruelty {unless you see the UK DVD,which removes it}. In one particularly notable scene a large turtle is dragged out of the water and in what seems like real time is disembowelled. It probably is sickening that animals were killed for a film,yet this IS how the natives of many places survive,by killing animals and eating them,and is this really any more sickening than the way chickens are couped up in factories, stuffed with food and basically bred to die? Answers on a postcard please.Cannibal Holocaust is quite simply essential viewing not just for fans of extreme cinema but for adult fans of cinema full stop,as long as of course they can stomach it!
7 The story starts a bit confusing, but after a short time it's back to business. It's a great addition to the series and it's nice to see Arnold back in this role. The special effects are not always the best, but most parts look great. The new type terminator is great, but the old T800 is still not obsolete. The story is convincing enough and can be the prelude of new additions to this series. I hope Arnold will be part of these. It's a pity 3D is still the norm in most cinemas. This movie is best viewed in normal 2D. It's dark en there are no special benefits in 3D. The movie gives also a good critical note about our dependency of our smart-phones, tablets and the Internet integration. Genisys might be more true that we realize ;)
7 Hitchcock brings the successful play, Dial M for Murder by Frederick Knott, to life in a shocking new way. Adapted by use of the amazing 3D technology.This movie is unique for Hitchcock in many ways. It is shot entirely in one room, yet there is never a moment of claustrophobia. As for many movies in the early 50's, it was shot in 3D. And you will at times notice scenes that play into that, but are done with the greatest of expertise. Also he chose not to change the play at all, but rather ride it out.As the aging tennis pro or the jealous husband, Ray Milland is solid all the way through. And what can I say about Grace Kelly. Behind only Ingrid Bergman and Donna Reed, as the most beautiful and talented actresses of all time. She never fails to impress. She can be quite a darling and at the same time a spectacular bitch.Probably my favorite Hitchcock film, since it is the first one I saw. I was introduced to him very early in life at the age of 7, by my wicked older sister. For years Psycho haunted me and Vertigo confused. But I do thank her for Notorious and Rear Window. Dial M for and North by Northwest.Seems to me that Hitch was not the most attractive guy, yet like all of us he favored beautiful women. Especially blonde's. This leads me to the question of, what does a guy like Hitchcock know about women? Maybe simply, how to kill them.
7 Stunt coordinator Lin Oeding turned director did a fairly decent job with the camera, but lousy on the editing, as some scenes were too dragged out. The 94 min length should have been edited down and the pace picked up for a length of 75-80 mins. He also failed to direct his cast properly, as some actors looked lost in certain scenes.But the main problem with this film was the amateur first-time writing/screenplay by both Michael Nilon and Thomas Pa'a Sibbett. You would think when there's almost as many producers for this film as there are cast members, an investment towards the writing could have been applied to re-adapt the screenplay to rid it of major plot issues and unrealistic scenes, and perhaps a better score.The acting was clearly C+ to B grade, with Jason Momoa, Jill Wagner, Teach Grant and little Sasha Rossof being the only ones convincing in their roles.This is by no means a big screen Hollywood production, and if you can get past the amateur writing, and take in the breathtaking Newfoundland scenery, it's a fun lazy Sunday popcorn flick.It's a 7/10 from me.
7 Dark Places is a film that made a very good impression on the paper. Great Acting occupation, unconsumed topic and yet he has not quite lived up to expectations. As always the positive things first. The film is really beautiful set in scene and the light Zoom in / Out's give the film a dynamic touch. Likewise, the near camera operator which repeatedly emphasizes details is very nice to look at. Overall, the camera work is very consistent, this has been very careful to bring the bleak tone and the atmosphere across well. The story of the film is exciting and spans a neat bow to the end. Unfortunately, the script also represents the greatest weakness of the film. So many scenes are advised simply too long and taking tidy pace from the movie where this would not be necessary. So we get repeatedly extended scenes see where characters are introduced, but the comparatively get much screen time, although it really only play a supporting role. Here is just too much time spent to show characters and backgrounds, but the damage the film in its tension. Another problem with the story is the Plottwist. Although this is resourceful through out, but unfortunately too much indicated. Register here to become obvious "information" appear to have nothing to do with the story interspersed and even repeated so that even the last, it provides the resolution. Here, less is more, and it would have been better for the film which otherwise builds a good tension. The subject is fresh and interesting, which also lives the film. Thus, while giving most of the characters in addition to information Price, but what their motivations are generally remains unclear. So the progress made in the film partly look pretty designed. The narrative of the film is supportive through many flashbacks. So the pieces of the main character will also become apparent to us only gradually by more and more flashbacks. Save These flashbacks the film in a way, because, unfortunately, the time-current plot line loses again and again the line. The acting performance of Charlize Theron is excellent, but also the rest of the squad can be proud of. Nicholas Hoult (Mad Max: Fury Road), Chloë Grace Moretz (Kick Ass, equalizer) and Corey Stoll (Ant-Man) are also very believable in their roles. Even the younger actors do a very good, especially Tye Sheridan (Scouts vs. Zombies) plays its role here as mysteriously misunderstood teenager very well and I noticed positively. So for whom we can now recommend "Dark Places". Especially Drama / Crime friends be Crime friends will have their fun with it. For people experiencing this genre not so familiar you can not fully recommend "Dark Places". Too many lengths this film even if there are very tense moments. So "Dark Places" an interesting attempt, but unfortunately no more. 7/10
7 Before reading there may be small spoiler ...I was a fan of the series for years, and I still find the best the first generation, for this movie I was very anxious, and now that I saw it, I can say that I do not exceed my expectations, the action scenes a bit slow, very Melosa the movie at times, and frankly hoped a bit more cliché, but in short you have to talk about the good thing now, the soundtrack pretty good, in fact the listen although for a few seconds that classic electric guitar of the 90 I get excited , Effects and designs of suits and zord very good except for the megazord, and it is necessary to emphasize something, that is the suspense, they play with the fan that knows by memory that will happen but they play with it when, despite everything a promising start I hope there is A sequel since there were things pending, here is a diamond in the rough, maybe with a better creative team can get a good saga, maybe it will not be at the level of matrix, godfather, Lord of the rings, but if you can Be better than the saga of Transformers and harry potter.traslated from Spanish with google
7 Melodramatic! Ominous! Almost monochromatic! Acting *way* over the top! ...but for some reason, it works! I'm digging it!Just ep 1, so far, but I'm definitely sticking around to see how this story unfolds. It won't be in the top ten of anyone's list, but it entertains - and that's the main hurdle, eh? A big plus, who can resist anything that Vincent D'Onofrio is in?! Big fan since "Full Metal Jacket", Private Pyle! Good actor....and Meatloaf?! Almost a god, and I'm glad he's still entertaining us!
7 . . . without being changed by the viewer. Therefore, the most helpful "spoiler alerts" explain where a viewer is coming from. Suppose, for instance, that you see FOREVER MY GIRL in a metro area where They have recently bull-dozed all four of their historic major league sports stadiums and arenas; imploded the 35-story department store to which Santa used to parade on Thanksgiving; razed the sprawling mid-distance and nearby shopping malls; iron-balled both factories in which you worked; flattened your high school; shuttered the local daily newspaper; and this morning the Bishop came to padlock your church, dissolving your congregation. Does FOREVER MY GIRL lift your spirits in a situation like that, or does its echoes of A STREETCAR NAMED DESIRE (when Liam yells "Josie!!" louder than Brando shouted "Stella!") and FIFTY SHADES OF GREY (Josie's chopper ride with Liam, of course) melt into a pool of tears for what was, and is now gone forever? My theory is that if very many others like me see FOREVER MY GIRL, it will be fondly remembered as a 21st Century BRIGADOON, where high school cheerleaders do NOT double in size every eight years, where unwed moms are the toast of the town, and where many Real Life folks from my metro area will be diligently searching the way back roads for their own private "Saint Augustines."
7 I paid 1 euro to see this film. Still too much money.The first third of the movie is promising. There are impressive scenes and stunts. A twist I didn't see coming in the shape of a character who was not at all what she seemed. It's (mostly) engaging as it works towards a climax. After that, the story is as stagnant as the lives of the main characters.Where at first I was waiting for the female lead to come to her senses, as the movie progresses it becomes clear neither of the lead characters have any sense. They are two-dimensional and boring. Cliché is heaped upon cliché to propel the story forward. Except it doesn't, it just turns the movie into a weird mix of crime- and melodrama with a whiff of kitchen sink realism.It seems like the filmmaker wanted to tell a story of obsessional love. But since there is no substance to the relationship of the couple the entire movie revolves around, there is no substance to the film. Every sex scene (supposedly to show their passion for each other) consists of Schoenaerts mechanically drilling his much younger co-star. They have nothing to talk about and the sex only gets him off. How is that any motivation for the girl to turn herself into a self-sacrificing saint? How is that guy worth her or my time? (And did the women's lib movement skip Belgium?)Another theme in the movie is the tragic, abusive background of Schoenaerts' character. How he himself can't explain his own actions. It all reeks of literary movements like determinism and naturalism. As if he can't help it, it's his background that turned him into a criminal. It could have been excellent material to flesh out a character. Instead it just leads to Schoenaerts making the same face over and over again. If you're going to make a movie about dynamic characters robbing banks and racing cars maybe next time don't mix it with a tale of pre-determined fate that has people stuck like a hamster in a wheel. One pretty much cancels out the other.The movie looks much better than most movies that come out of the Netherlands (good for you, Belgium). There were definitely people involved who knew what they were doing in terms of the look of the movie, the action sequences, the locations, the way the camera is handled. But ultimately this is a crap story that wastes the talent of its cast and crew.
7 Germania, 150 AD, the setting of Gladiator's opening scene. Far from the blazing sun and dazzlingly beauty of ancient Rome, Ridley Scott shoots the opening sequence in a subdued light. The Roman legions are nonetheless impeccably turned out as they face the comparatively disorganised rabble that inhabits this miserable environment. Caesar's soldiers seem somewhat misplaced here. However, Russell Crowe is at home in this environment of knee-deep mud and merciless snow. He commands the screen with all the virtues of his motto: Strength and Honour.'The plot, with its hero-to-zero-to-hero nature, runs through Gladiator's every vein. As General Maximus, Russell Crowe is welcomed by Marcus Aurelius Caesar (Richard Harris) to take the Roman throne as Emperor of a new Republic. All does not run smoothly however as mislead heir to the throne Commodus (Phoenix) takes over Rome with ill-gotten domination, having dispatched his own Father. Maximus is cast out to find his family murdered and his Spanish farm burnt to the ground. Taken in as a slave by Proximo (Reed), Maximus becomes a Gladiator and starts his journey to the Coliseum and revenge against Commodus.Scott's cast is powerful and he is not left wanting as powerful performances are delivered by all. Due to his untimely mid-production death, Oliver Reed is created in some scenes by the grace of computer graphics, which are as convincing as they come; sometimes making it difficult to differentiate between Reed himself and his computerised counterpart.It is, however, the supporting actors who create many of Gladiator's best dialogue-based scenes. In an accomplished demonstration of her acting ability as Lucilla, Connie Nielsen saves the occasional scene as Joaquim Phoenix shows us that he can do evil', but is less convincing when it comes to the more emotional qualities of his role.As a vehicle for the plot, Scott's beautifully created and highly symbolic (there is an image of fire in nearly every shot of the film) dialogue scenes are of a certain merit with digitally created backgrounds that encompass the meticulous nature of the Roman Empire. However, dialogue alone does not an epic movie make, and it is in the film's spectacular action sequences that Gladiator come into its own. Shot on location in Malta, Scott's first arena was built by an army of locals and commanded some 5000 extras (a large majority of whom were of a cardboard variety). All of this pales in comparison as we arrive in a digitally created Rome which makes some scenes in Ben Hur some somewhat small scale. The Coliseum is immense, both inside and out, and the computerised provides the electric atmosphere in which Crowe and his feline companions (four sizeable, and real, Bengal tigers) perform.The battle sequences are perfectly choreographed and shot as iconic masks and typically Roman chariots are abundant in their power and imagery. As swords clash and heads roll, Ridley Scott is triumphant in the application of special effects technology and his directorial prowess.Always one to embrace technology, Scott's views over Rome's landscape are reminiscent of the beautifully created cityscape of Blade Runner. This is a film that fears so little and boasts so much, even a lady archer being sliced clean in half by a spiked chariot wheel!All those involved with Gladiator should be delighted and confident with their creation, for indeed this is a convincing and enthralling display with epic proportions to take the wind from James Cameron's titanic sails.
7 why are people allowed to produce these kind of shows? The acting is bad. And no, it's not because they have nothing to work with, it's because they are bad actors. Age is not an excuse!If you can't act just stay home!Especially the "leading" lady, annie... The plot is awful. Just because they come from Kansas it doesn't mean they are supposed to be stupid or incredibly naive. What? They don't have cable or internet in Kansas? Are they still hunting for food, too? The characters. I don't even know where to start. Drug-abuse, pregnancy, indifferent mother, boyfriend dumping you...why isn't that girl trying to kill herself? Or better yet why isn't SHE the leading lady? Only one of those 3 should be enough to ruin one show so i don't even know why this one is still running. And even if i could ignore all those things, i can't ignore the fact that it's such a bad example for teenagers everywhere. Girls should eat more than salad, and they should not look like they just got out of Auschwitz. And why does every show concentrate on the popular kids in school when they represent only like 1% of student body? i'm not from the states and in high school we didn't have popular kids.and our lives didn't revolve around school.and it was great! I wasn't a fan of the original show (actually i wasn't allowed to watch it because my parents thought it would give a bad example) and i only saw a few episodes now and then,but comparing the two it's like comparing Sophie's Choice to American Pie. i give this show a 3 out of 10. One star because of the pregnant girl, one because of the settings and one because the professor is cute (although totally boring...he is a character of the show after all). i would give it an extra star for brenda (once a back stabbing bit*h always a back stabbing bit*h!:D) but kelly ruins it for me (once a boring condescend princess that always thinks she knows best always a...)
7 From my understanding, before this film was made, Martin Scorsese, arguably America's greatest filmmaker, was at the end of his rope. He was about to call it quits. His good friend, arguably America's greatest film actor, Robert De Niro, approached him with a book he had read. The title of the book was Raging Bull. After some coaxing, Robert finally convinced his friend to do the film, and it resulted in a MASTERPIECE!!!!!"Raging Bull" is the story of former boxing middleweight champion Jake La Motta, and his penchant for self-destruction. La Motta is not in the least a nice guy. He is well, a jerk, who eventually drives any and everyone who has ever cared about him out of his life. He evolved from a lean, trim boxer to an overweight loser who owns a night club.This film currently ranks on AFI's 100 Greatest Movies at #24, and for very good reason. It contains arguably THE GREATEST acting performance in the history of cinema, by arguably the greatest actor in the history of cinema, directed by arguably the greatest director in the history of cinema. But together, nothing needs to be argued, they are the greatest tag team in the history of cinema. Robert De Niro is flawless, superb, excellent, amazing, any positive adjective is warranted by his performance. There is a reason why they call him the greatest actor. This is it. (also "Taxi Driver") Naturally, Scorsese's direction is flawless, and Thelma Schoonmaker's editing will pretty much speak for itself. The black-and-white(or tinted monochrome) was an ingenious touch, similar to William Friedkin's gunshot at the very end of "The French Connection". It is the most beautiful movie I have ever seen, if it were a woman I could only beg to drink its bathwater. Joe Pesci is excellent as Jake's brother Joey, as is Cathy Moriarty as Jake's long suffering wife. It is sad when you realize that De Niro will never act that great again, but you find solace in the fact that he once did. He is maybe my favorite actor, Scorsese maybe my favorite director, and I only hope to have a millionth of the impact they've had on film. Far superior to "Rocky", even though Rocky is very good and contains maybe the most inspirational theme song ever.This film was criminally robbed of 1980's Best Picture and Best Director Academy Awards, by "Ordinary People", another one of those dysfunctional family drama's. The Academy has since lost a huge amount of credibility, but I find solace in the fact that they honored De Niro with an award for Best Actor, in a performance that warrants two of them and makes me want to shine his shoes.The film gets nothing less than a 10. It was voted the film of the 1980's decade. I agree wholeheartedly.Scorsese and De Niro forever.
7 12 Monkeys is a rare treat that diverts from the traditional Hollywood fare one might expect from the film, being directed by Terry Gilliam (of Monty Python fame) and starring big-name Hollywood stars Willis and Pitt. However, rather than tell a 'time travel' story that deals with consequence and effect, 12 Monkeys instead tells an ambiguous tale of a central character walking a fine line between reality and insanity.  The viewer can easily make a conscious decision while watching the film to buy into the time-travel story and Cole's plight, or they can interpret the film as the delusional visions of a clinically insane man.  Gilliam's fantastic work offers evidence to support both interpretations, and the film can be enjoyed many times as the viewer picks up the many clues to determine their own interpretation of the events.The acting is fantastic; Willis plays Cole with both alarming savagery and arresting sincerity.  Stowe is as talented as she is hauntingly beautiful, and her role as the non-believer gradually accepting an unbelievable reality becomes increasingly compelling, as we see her own grip on reality crumble as Cole's does.  Pitt is outstanding; his delivery of complicated machine-gun dialogue is both funny and disturbing, and although his character takes a back seat for a large portion of the film, he nonetheless greatly enhances the film with his presence.12 Monkeys isn't a film that has broad appeal.  Its imagery is largely very gritty and dirty - a stark contrast to the early scenes that are exceptionally stale - its story ambiguous, and there are plenty of simply bizarre scenes and characters.  Still, it is a film that will reward the patient viewer with a clever and moving vision of a tortured soul and his heartbreaking struggle.
7 "Do you even know how hot you are?"She's out of My League is a fairly typical comedy. Jay Baruchel plays an utterly average guy named Kirk, who is nothing more than mediocre in every aspect of his life, career, and looks. When a chance encounter leads to him meeting Molly (Alice Eve), a nearly- flawless woman (seriously, she's gorgeous in this movie) who seems interested in him despite all odds, Kirk has to deal with the new experience of being a 5 who's dating a hard 10. So yeah, that's not exactly a fresh, new story. That can be forgiven in a comedy, as long as it's..well, comedic. The movie manages to be pretty funny at times, but a lot of the humor is hit or miss. Something hilarious would happen, and then you'll spend the next five minutes wondering whether what you're seeing is supposed to be funny or not. Jay has been much funnier in other movies, and the supporting cast wavers between humorous and annoying. Still, the jokes in She's out of my League succeed more often than they fail.The relationship between Kirk and Molly is a little hard to swallow at times, because she seems so determined to like him. Even though Kirk's personality in the movie isn't particularly remarkable. You actually start to believe their friends when they're constantly telling them that they're not going to work as a couple. The inevitable circumstances that cause problems for them seem extremely forced and predictable, as is their eventual reunion. There's little imagination involved in the story, that's for sure. It probably seems like I didn't particularly like the movie, but I did. It was quite funny in parts, and even the most generic parts of it weren't bad - just overly familiar. This isn't a bad comedy to check out, I just wouldn't go so far as to recommend buying it.
7 Mummy Returns takes the characters and story from the first film and develops on them in a big, big way. The situations and set-pieces are wilder, the odds even bigger and character arcs more complex.Set 10 years after the first movie Brendan Fraser and Rachel Weisz have made a rich living out of plundering tombs and pyramids. Who could have predicted that their old nemesis I'm-Ho-Tep would return faster and stronger than before.But I'm still having trouble seeing I'm-Ho-Tep as a villain. Surely it's the scheming, lying, conspiring supplicants that are the real villains. The look in his eyes at the end, when his lover betrays him, is heartbreaking. I can't root for him as a bad guy when he never really does anything bad. Sure he wants to rule the world and all but who doesn't?The effects are not the best (Star Wars Episode 2 used up all the space at ILM at the time) but there are loads of them and they're all lavish and imaginative. I HATE movies that are carried by SFX but Mummy Returns incorporates them into the story in a seamless way. How cool is the big balloon? Or the approach of Anubis' army?Most directors screw-up big budget, big scale movies (AVP, King Arthur, Sky Captain, Exorcist Prequel, Catwoman) but Stephen Sommers knows where the heart of this kind of movie is and delivers, once again, a cheeky adventure with loads and loads of action and enough story and character to back it up. Filmed in Panavision the 2.35:1 anamorphic picture is perfect and the Dolby/DTS 5.1 is very loud and thundering. A very good soundtrack indeed. The extras are total fluff and not worth the time.
7 This film pretty much picks right up where the last one ended with very little time lapse. Jeanine's (Kate Winslet) has issued an order that all divergents need to be killed until her soldiers find a box that was kept in Tris (Shailene Woodley) parents' house and she has discovers that she will need a divergent to open it. Tris, Four (Theo James), Caleb (Ansel Elgort) and Peter (Miles Teller) have found refuge in a little village governed by Johanna (Octavia Spencer) until the hunting begins. Eric (Jai Courtney) and Max (Mekhi Phifer) have retained their blind loyalty to Jeanine; however I think that Eric has gotten even nastier whereas Max is just trying to do his job. I have to say that loyalty is a big element in this film.. you just never know. This film actually kept up a good pace and there was very little lull time. They said that there would be a lot more action in this film. I don't know about "a lot" more, but there was definitely more than the last one. I was also glad to see that Tris was no longer wimpy when it came down to fighting, however emotionally she was feeling pretty guilty. They really beat that dead horse throughout the film. I did not see this film in 3D, but because of all the special effect, that might have been a mistake. Man, computer generated imagery has sure come along way. It really makes me look forward to some of the upcoming films this summer like Jurassic World and Terminator. I am happy for my fellow German director Robert Schwentke who has successfully bounced back from that armpit of a film, Rest in Peace Department, RIPD for short, that he directed back in 2013. You can only go up from that one. Anyway, I think that this film will do well especially with the "tween" crowd; and once you've invested in the series it's kind of hard to not find out what happens next. Do I think that this film was one of the best films I've seen this year. Nope, but it was entertaining and didn't suck. I don't recommend that you see this film if you haven't seen Divergent. This one holds its own, but you'll enjoy it more if you've seen the first one.
7 Sometimes an hour and 40 minutes of non-stop action is not as much fun as it sounds like. On the other hand, films are supposed to entertain and there is more entertainment here than meets the eye.This reviewer's scorecard, humbly submitted: CONS: * Toni Collette completes her mission to distance herself as far as humanly possible from Muriels Wedding 1994. Wish she hadn't even tried.* I thought these sort of goofy semi-spoof spy films (where even the writers are not 100% sure whether to play it straight or for laughs) ended with OUR MAN FLINT in 1966. Oops. I was wrong.* writing, editing, directing all could have been turned up a notch. Looks like a big rush to get it out there so it could start spinning off cash.PROS: * Sam Jackson, an actor who film historians of the future will designate the "most overexposed" actor of our generation, gets only a walkon and then is blown up. Finally someone got the memo! * stars Vin Diesel, one of the most reliable action figures of our era. This is not in the class of Riddick or Pitch Black, but Vin commits to every role and does not hold back.* some really nice stunts. You will think of them fondly when you leave the theatre.* introduces Canadian Nina Dobrev to a wider audience. The line to join the fan club starts at the back of the room. And when membership closes, we can start a brand new one for Deepika Padukone.* any movie -- repeat, ANY -- that advances Donnie Yen's English language career is a plus. And worthy of our support. (Donnie's English is way better than Jet Li's was, and I wish him many more western roles.) * the final action sequence, the climax, runs about 20 minutes and is sort of engaging.BOTTOM LINE: Not as bad as the reviews suggest. Not in line for an Oscar either.
7 MAJOR SPOILERS!! DO NOT READ IF YOU HAVEN'T SEEN THE FILM!My headline is the easy way to describe this movie. It is grand, majestic and spectacular. Just like Thanos towering everyone else with his physique this movie also stands above everything else, at least most of it. Because wow, this movie is really something to behold. Marvel went all in with everything here, the cgi is phenomenal, the acting is great, the story is well told, the pacing is near perfect. I have seen this movie twice in IMAX 3D and once in 4DX now, and i have never seen a movie with better image quality than this one, never.Ever since the MCU started with Iron Man i have seen every film released, most of them are good, some are outright great, a few are mediocre and very few are bad. But for the most part it has been a hell of a ride, and I've eagerly been awaiting this movie for quite some time, we all knew that it would come down to this, but were you prepared for what would be the outcome? Not many were, though many of us knew several avengers and other major characters would die in this film, i did not expect it to be this many.This movie truly didn't waste any time getting down to business, as before ten minutes had passed, Heimdall and Loki are killed, and we see the Titan kick the crap out of Hulk, this set the tone for the entire movie right of the bat, and was IMO a smart move, now we knew for sure what a badass Thanos is, and this was before he got all the stones.What the Russo brothers have done here is to overdo themselves. Winter Soldier and Civil War are two of the best MCU movies to date, and you got to wonder how Marvel found these guys, and knew what they were capable of, because Infinity War just lifted the bar even higher. This movie is sort of Michael Bay's wet dream, this is what he wants to achieve, but never can because he has no idea how to tell a story or handle emotions. This movie is a 2 hour and 30 minute spectacle, which has action scene after action scene lined up, and it never feels too much, somehow they managed to balance it, and that is a feat not many directors can pull off.But also the music is masterfully composed, and fit every scene perfectly. And the costumes and props design are state of the art, everything looks and feels so right in this film, all the people involved has done an outstanding job.And i really have to give it to Josh Brolin. Thanos is easily the best villain i have seen in quite some time. He is a complex villain, that is so well portrayed i almost start rooting for him, and that is saying something come to think how many years i have grown to love the avengers and the guardians. This is also big thanks to the amazing cgi that just brings so much life into the character. I can understand his motivations, i can side with his thoughts, i both agree and i disagree at same time. Such a great character, easily the best MCU villain so far, and i had Loki as my favorite before him.At the end when Spider-man, Doctor Strange, Scarlett Witch, Nick Fury, Star-Lord, Black Panther, Mantis, Bucky Barnes and many others are killed because he gets all the stones, i both felt a sense of pride for Thanos completing his mission, he truly is a determined badass. But at the same time i felt great sadness that so many of the characters that i loved, are dead.But MCU has killed characters before, which has been brought back to life, so i guess that will be the case here as well, as the next movie most likely will deal with time travel and fight Thanos in the future and the past. Dr.Strange gave up the time stone because of the 14.000.605 outcomes that he saw, only one lead to victory for the avengers, and giving up the stone was the beginning of the victory path. So even though this movie ended on a cliffhanger, it left enough hints that will be talked about for a whole year, and it will build the biggest hype in the history of cinema. So at the end of the day, this movie just delivers on so many levels, and it will make way for the rise of many new characters to enter the MCU, and finally take down Thanos and undo some of the damage he has done.It's quite amazing that this movie actually managed to live up to the hype, that should not even be possible when you think about it, but it did. The movie is absolutely amazing.I can't wait for Avengers 4.
7 It is a shame that not any other of George Lucas's films were as fun and inspiring as his unforgettable epic "Star Wars: A New Hope". It was a film that has since been spoofed and ripped-off in many forms of media. It has five sequels, and has many branch-off television series. And it is undeniably one of the most financially successful and definitely one of the better science-fiction films of this or any other age."Star Wars" has one of the most brilliantly constructed and detailed alternative reality settings ever. Literally everything in it makes the "galaxy" seem like a real place. Not only is there civilizations of humans, but civilizations of other creatures, and there are livestock and other creatures like in our world. Names such as droids, banthas, and wookiees work out. But I do feel that the "sandpeople" could've had a more compelling name. The concept of blasters and lightsabers were pure genius and the effects used on these weapons were state-of-the-art for their time. The props and CGI used for the other creatures, such as Chewbacca, may not be acceptable if "Star Wars" came out today, but were great for back then. Costume design was magnificent, especially the great details put into the villainous character of Darth Vader, who is perhaps the most memorable movie villain ever. Although he wouldn't really make his terror so profound and complete until the first sequel "The Empire Strikes Back." The concept of the Death Star is also a fine one.But while "Star Wars" most certainly looks great in terms of detail and special effects, and even moreso on the entertainment level, there are some details that I have a really hard time accepting. Mostly, it's concerned with the screenplay. George Lucas is truly a great screenwriter when it comes to developing story, but when it comes to dialogue, he's not the best there is. Some of the dialogue in the film, mostly the lines spoken by Princess Leia, make me wince. For example her quote "I should have known it was you holding Vader's lease. I smelled your foul stench when I was brought onboard." What sensible person would even think of saying a line that dumb? I also personally felt that Luke Skywalker asked WAY too many questions and too many times. In the Tatooine part of the movie, he asks "Do you know what he's talking about?" numerous times, more than necessary. And all of the lines featuring the word "sandpeople" just seemed weakening to the script. The "sandpeople" were suppose to sound frightening, but they just sound pathetic.Basically, the one and only thing that I have wrong with "Star Wars" is its dialogue sequences. And that is because George Lucas's weakness at writing is dialogue, which he freely admits to. But that does not make "Star Wars" a bad movie. Perhaps I was disappointed with it, but it's still a great movie to watch.
7 "Modern Times" begins with a shot of sheep going down a runway followed by a shot of workers entering a factory Charlie is set down in the midst of industrial civilization, which is dominated by machinery and in which men are organized into mechanical units, Capital and Labor Charlie's real enemies are no longer the Cop or the Boss, with whom he can always enter into some human relation, but a vast impersonality, invisible and invulnerable "Modern Times" offered a variety of minor attractions: it featured Chaplin's wife, Paulette Goddard; it had wonderful gags; it indulged in tricks of sound which came to the very edge of being dialog But what did the picture mean, what was it trying to say? Because Chaplin charged his usual enormous percentage for it, and because of foreign receipts, "Modern Times" made money, but exhibitors were not happy at the limited audience turnout For the majority, the new Charlie was too serious; for the minority, not serious enoughSince the picture seemed to be about the dehumanizing effect of machinery, intellectuals called upon Chaplin to join them in reorganizing machine culture to some more human scale of thingsOff the screen, Chaplin said nothing On the screen, his anarchic hostility for any kind of machine culture expressed itself in scenes like that in which Charlie is fed by a machine and that in which, crazed by the assembly line, he runs into the street, his arms moving convulsively like two pistons Charlie the rebel, Charlie the poet, Charlie the invincibly human, had been turned into a machine
7 There is a psychological phenomena: people will more often than not change their opinions to agree with the majority.In my case, I pushed this movie way down into my viewing queue because of all the awful reviews I read and the really poor scores. And then I watched it and I wasn't as disappointed as I expected to be. The acting was not exactly brilliant: the actors didn't always make me feel the intensity of the action or the drama, but I have seen a lot of movies and this is not a 5/10. I hope I'm not breaking any guidelines by saying that I enjoyed this movie more than I ever enjoyed any of the Twilight movies, and they have the same damn score. The story is really interesting and the effects are decent (I really couldn't find anything wrong with them, as some reviews state, but I suppose it's more of a thing of taste). This movie has enough potential for a sequel if they fix the acting and stop focusing so much on the love story.And here is the spoiler part: finally a movie where Sean Bean doesn't die.
7 His review nails it, wanted to emphasize its a six movie with the writing and Ross lynch putting it into a 7, a must watch for me. Youll be hard pressed to feel more like your in high school from any other film. It has real eloquence and applause for painting the characters fast. I really appreciated being Able to spend most of the runtime in the Dhamer high school awkward fest.
7 I can see this again and again. Music score- wonderful! Reminds me of Thomas Newman's style, (Road to Perdition) but not him. He's got the sound of happy water down! My favorite part is the ingenious mechanisms used on the big boat/ catamaran type, the workings of the atoll-so creative. There are many lines & terms that stand out for me...." not for sale, not for sale?!" "This wee orchard" is a 1-lemon bush-tree in a pot. Tina Majorino, here a small girl, is a strong, memorable character. Her bond with the main character, the mariner, gives one a good feeling, one of hope about what's possible for the "walking wounded" among us. Dennis Hooper uses his voice to the max, to bring so much interest and color into the picture. The society on the big tanker makes me continue to wonder, to stretch - what would really happen, what would people be like, after generations had gone by, and overcrowding was a problem. Great actors, all. Interesting plot, cool props. Makes one think, laugh, wonder. RE: All the junk I've heard about this movie, and it's lack of promotion - I think its the non-viewers that have lost out.
7 Spring Breakers highlights the mindless popular culture that surrounds youth of this generation. The reason for its controversy stems from the fact that its target audience found its plot to be pointless, even though that was the point. This film depicts the shallowness of the modern definition of what is 'cool', like idolizing people that suck, those that contribute nothing to society but cheap entertainment. This sort of fascination blindly controls youth, the main reason so many did not understand the meaning behind this movie: they are blind to its influences. They think week long drinking binges, whoring themselves out, and having no goals is cool, because YOLO. However, this film is based off of these components and its audience deems the plot as pointless. Funny. Spring Breakers is like this generation looking itself directly in the mirror. Overall, Spring Breakers is full of outstanding graphics, bright colors, provocative scenes, and young Disney turned Hollywood stars. It was fun yet hard to watch, depending how serious of a reality check you need (assuming you even understood that it was one)
7 Saw this on a pirated dvd few days back.Nic Cage is always enjoyable to watch especially with his angry n constipated face. If u enjoyed the scene wher he is crying in pain in a jute sack n beaten in Wicker man then u will love the scene where he stumbles...The plot is similar to The Signal (2007). Unknown virus/transmission turns parents into murdering their own kids. Dont worry, the film takes it a bit easy on kiddie deaths but it has some genuine tension, over the top performance, solid dark humour n a cameo by Lance Henriksen n an attractive Selma Blair. The scenes in the hospital delivery room especially wher bunch of parents r waiting to kill their newborns was truly frightening.
7 I got to watch this movie as the weekly surprise in the sneak-preview in our local cinema. It was anything but a disappointment, we got a nice treat.. Great story about today's terrorism topic with interesting plot. Also, great acting of the cast, especially Noomi Rapace. I can well advise to watch.
7 In the 1990s, it seems like every major movie studio in Hollywood, was making remakes of classic adventures TV shows about neighborhood kids from mid-1930s to the late 1960s. Some of them, were minor hits; others were horrible retellings like 1993's 'Dennis the Menace'. However, the majority of them, fall between all-time best great & super awful. 1994's 'Little Rascals' is one, such mediocre film. The movie directed by Penelope Spheeris was a little too bog down on nostalgia; that it felt like a series of various sketches, oddly cobbled together, in a paper-thin set up about Spanky McFarland (Travis Tedford) trying to sabotage, one of his members, Alfalfa Switzer (Bug Hall)'s relationship with Darla Hood (Brittany Ashton Holmes), in order to get him, focus back on track, on winning the local go-cart derby race. It just doesn't mesh well. Plus, all of the sketches really does slow the pacing of the movie, down. A good example is all the scenes of the gang trying to make money, in order to rebuild their burn down clubhouse like the bank & freak-show scenes. None of those sequences were really that funny, nor makes any of much sense with the main plot; seeing how the gang have enough material to build another go-cart, yet not enough for a clubhouse. Honestly, the driving force of the plot could had been simple down to the idea, that the race had a prize money, all-along. It would save the movie, a lot of time. Also, as much as I love the ballet & soap singing scenes, those moments weren't really needed. It does feel a bit forced. It could had been cut, if Universal really wanted it, like they did with their VHS & DVD releases; when it came down to other scenes. Many of these versions, are so unlike the original movie, we saw in theaters. However, most of them, works better in watchable. Don't get me wrong, I do like seeing the familiar of sight gags and slapstick situations, taken straight from the original series of comedy short films produced by Hal Roach from 1922 to 1944, even if its bit sexism & anti-homosexual. However, I do wish they add more uniqueness with them. Some of the humor seem a bit repetitive, recycled & outdated. Even, when they did try something new, like updating the source material to a modern setting background. It still came across as somewhat jarring, because how the children is dressed in 1930s style of clothing. If anything, the movie should had, kept the 1930s settlings, just add new jokes to counteract, scenes, mirroring shorts like 1937's 'Hearts are Thumps & 1939's 'Auto Antics'. Furthermore, the movie should add more scenes of the children acting like themselves, rather than imitating adult. Lots of the big wordy dialogue given here, sounds so unnatural, coming from the mouth of a small child. I kinda wish, the movie gave them, simpler sentences to speak. This film really lacks the raw nuances of child performers acting like real children. Nevertheless, not all things, about this film, were bad. I do like how the cast is more integrated and less racist than the original. Also, the main actors were not that bad. Bug Hall & Travis Tedford were born for these roles. There are also some great cameos from Reba McEntire, Mel Brooks, and Lea Thompson to name a few. Even the sight of future president, Donald Trump wasn't that bad. Nevertheless, I would love to see, more cameos from past 'Little Rascals' alumnus, like Jackie Cooper, Eugene Jackson & Robert Blake in minor roles in this film. Sadly, this movie was lacking some of those. However, the movie makes it up with action set pieces with great stunt work. The Go-Kart race was somewhat compelling to watch, even if it's a bit over the top. Also, the soundtrack by composer, William Ross that goes with it, and most of the movie, really does seem like it came from yesteryear. It's beautiful to listen to. In short, while, 1994's 'Little Rascals' will never outdo the original short films from the 1930s/1940s. It does beat 1936's 'General Spanky' & 2014's 'The Little Rascals Save the Day' in being a better 'Our Gang' film. Overall: Watching a kid movie like this is like watching a blender without a lid. It's messy, but it's cool to witness. I highly recommended seeing the film. I kid you not.
7 Let me begin by saying that the first Sin City is one of my favorite movies of all time. I thought it was an absolute blast to watch, and the filming style blew me away.A Dame to Kill For is the same type of movie as the first, but it is not executed quite as well. It may just be be cause the style lost some of its original appeal, but I thought it didn't live up to its predecessor. With that said, I still thought A Dame to Kill For was a great time at the movies. Everything about it was solid. It continued the action from the first and did not fail to keep me at the edge of my seat. And, Marv was his normal, b.a. self.A Dame to Kill for consists of two story lines that are prequels to those of the first Sin City and one that is a sequel. I felt that it delivered very well in its attempt to support what happened in the first movie. I would recommend re-watching the first one so that you're fresh for this. Sometimes you can forget the names if you haven't seen it in a while.Overall, this movie was great. If I had not seen the first Sin City, I would have been blown away.I give it a 8/10. A definite must-see.
7 The recently released "The Ritual" is a monster movie, with the creature springing forth from ancient Norse legend. But it is more than that. The level of performance by a quartet of actors is a prime cut above standard scary flick fare. And there is actually a point to the proceedings beyond doom, gloom and ripping apart human flesh-a message of redemption in struggling to overcome one's most incapacitating foibles (guilt, arrogance, fear and loneliness are all explored) that resonates straight through to the end of "The Ritual". At times subtle, at times stark, it manages to consistently creep through the chaos with both clarity and resonance. This is hardly a common component across the bulk of the genre. And it is in no small part a tribute to the vision and sensibility of Director David Bruckner. When I spoke with Bruckner recently he confirmed that, while horror is his thing, he believes that that which scares us on screen is a representation of what haunts and frightens us in our actual lives. I also talked with the director about the work of Cinematographer Andrew Shulkind, who certainly deserves a considerable share of the credit for the overall impact of "The Ritual". Shulkind's keen eye consistently captures scenes and shots that practically serve as additional characters in the film. Bruckner shared that he and Shulkind teamed up to "work around the edges" of the action to deftly reveal dynamics and motivations between the characters not expressly brought to bear. Bruckner directed one of the segments of 2015's multi-plotted "Southbound", of which I am not a fan. That said, here, at least in one guy's opinion, is a talent who is both growing and maturing as an artist. "The Ritual" operates in an entirely new league of depth and sure-footedness. It is intriguing to see where Bruckner's career behind the lens takes him from here.Indications are that it is a future progressing with promise "northbound".
7 "The Commuter" (2018 release; 103 min.) brings the story of Michael McCauley. As the movie opens, we get to know Micheal as he goes about his daily routine of waking up at 6 am and getting ready to take the commuter train in Manhattan, where he works at an insurance company. Then one day, out of the blue, Michael is fired from his job, for no apparent reason and just as he needs the money to pay for his son's expensive college. Afterwards he commiserates with a buddy (and that's when we find out Michael used to be a NYC cop). On his commute train ride home, Michael gets approached by a mysterious woman who makes him an offer: identify the person who doesn't belong on the train, and get $100,000 in return. She tells him there is a $25,000 upfront payment in the bathroom. When Michael goes to check there, he can't believe it but yes, there's the money. He decides to take it. It's not long before strange things start to happen... At this point we're less than 15 min. into the movie, but to tell you more of the plot would spoil your viewing experience, you'll just have to see for yourself how it all plays out.Couple of comments: this is, if I'm counting right, the 4th collaboration between Spanish director Jaume Collet-Serra and lead actor Liam Neeson, after "Unknown", "Non Stop", and "Run All Night". (Collet-Serra also directed the excellent shark-drama "The Shallows".) Just looking at these prior films, you know EXACTLY what you are signing up for if you decide to check out "The Commuter". In fact, this movie could be called "Non Stop on Rails". Just like that earlier movie playing out on the one air flight, much of "The Commuter" plays out on the one commuter train ride back to suburban NYC. If this sounds like like a negative, you might be wrong, as I was on the edge of my seat trying to figure out what the heck was going on (in the best possible way). One-time 'serious' actor Liam Neeson's transformation into one of the best and most reliable action movie stars is absolutely remarkable. He brings a certain weight and charisma into these roles that not a lot of action movie stars have. Keep an eye out for an all-too-rare sighting of Elizabeth McGovern (as Neeson'swife). Sam Neil has a small role as the Police Captain. Vera Farmiga is her usual great in the small role of the mysterious woman. But in the end, this is of course the Liam Neeson show all the way. "The Commuter" opened wide this weekend. The Friday early evening screening where I saw this at was not attended very well, and surely the inclement weather here in Cincinnati was a large factor in that. I was in the mood for something to entertain me, and "The Commuter" was just what the doctor ordered: thoroughly familiar, yet thoroughly enjoyable too. If you are a fan of Liam Neeson's action movies, you cannot go wrong with this one. "The Commuter" is a WINNER.
7 Original, exciting, and lots of fun. Spielberg directed it and Kasdan and Lucas wrote it. Without it, we wouldn't have had "Romancing the Stone", "The Jewel of the Nile," "The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Empire", and many others too numerous to list. They were all more or less rip offs of this one. Of course the original was highly successful. I dragged my lugubrious ex to the theater and even SHE enjoyed it. For a while there was an attempt to merchandise Indiana Jones' leather jackets, fedoras, and bull whips but they didn't get far.The fact that this was such a commercial blockbuster raised the inevitable question, which may be roughly phrased as, "What do I do NOW, Ma?" What you do is produce sequels: "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom," "Indiana Jones and the Amazon Women of the Moon," and so on. Each imitation, each sequel, was less innovative and more desperate and sloppy, but that's in the nature of decadence.Harrison Ford, whose career this put the stamp of approval on, is an archaeologist who is recruited to find the Ark of the Covenant hidden somewhere in the Middle East. It's 1936 and the Nazis are after it and who knows what havoc they might wreak with its powers? Jones drags along Karen Allen, a former lover and assistant, to provide a pulchritudinous sidekick with whom he can exchange insults. Anything resembling sex is out of the question, though, just as it would never have been considered in one of the 1930s Saturday afternoon theater serials on which this kind of story is based.Here's the schematic diagram of the plot: Introduction, suspense, action, suspense, action, suspense . . . n. Then the climax -- a really BIG action scene.But the thing that made it successful and keeps it so enjoyable after thirty years is that the action wasn't of the usual sort. Oh, sure, Jones and his girl friend are threatened with immanent death lots of times -- involved in comic fist fights, shot at with poisoned arrows. That's de rigeur. But how often does a hero find himself dashing through an underground tunnel downhill pursued by a three-ton rolling marble? Another element that contributed to its appeal was its reconstruction of the period, 1936. The exotic settings of 1936 aren't just rebuilt. They're lovingly reproduced. The ordinary set dressings are there to suggest the exotic -- always look for beaded curtains -- but the men don't waltz around in immaculate double-breasted white suits and pith helmets. The settings are overblown, to be sure. I strongly doubt that in all of Nepal there was a saloon with the size and atmosphere of Karen Allen's. I'm not at all sure there were ANY saloons in Nepal in 1936. But they're meant to suggest authenticity, not embody it, and they succeed in an creative way.Finally, the characters are kind of enjoyable in themselves, from the often frightened and only barely willing Indiana Jones himself, through the cartoon Nazis with the monocles and Swastika armbands. Oh, boy, watch the ark of the covenant MELT them down to nothing while they are frozen in place and screaming! The force unleashed.
7 Kubrick was so big he is taught in every state school where untalented state bureaucrats explain what should work in film based on their non experience. And the students are copies of their teachers. So they want to do the next Kubrick while doing something completely different. In this case the budget was lower so the ambition was also lower. But the The Martian Andy Weir has shown that budget has no relation with the quality of the end product. Actually the work, the effort put in are the ones that count and not the budget.In the end this is a silly romance in the spirit of Sleeping Beauty with a 2001 theme pasted over. The execution is so bad, it makes the worst of the Alien franchise seem like an intelligent script.On a second thought, the script is disgusting. The woman is virgin, as she should be. And all she needs is a skilled man. And the fear, the wonder of meeting other people is swept aside to show that the woman can be a sexual predator too: oh, beautiful knight in white costume, do have sex with me because I am going to be alone for the next 20 years and I am missing so much something I have never experienced. Of course, like in most parts of the Western history, the woman is educated enough to make her pleasant to the man, but not much better. And the ship needs a man to be fixed.I was so impressed by the stupidity of the execution of the script that I haven't noticed the details. Sure, the ship is gigantic, but only inhabited by a manly man and his breeder wife. There is not enough air, so the ship is still usable on all its surface without a costume. The woman is isolated, yet she needs to cover herself. And she has just the right size textile garments. Everything to serve the manly man to master the ship and the breeder woman with her insatiable sexuality and 20th Spanish prude attitude. Never mind that the screens are a much too low resolution even for today, in the galactic flight era, all screens are going to be low res.Maybe the time invested in kidding the pinky ring of the investors would have been better put into rewriting the script a few more times and have the girl live in some abandoned tunnel with a cheap setting and fewer scenes. Or maybe the production team simply can't do any better.
7 Recently the other Dude and I were discussing that not many award worthy movies come out during the summer; then I see The Help. To say it is not a story that I am normally interested in would be an understatement. I wasn't around during the time of segregation to fully appreciate the depth of this story. Additionally, if there was ever a movie that screamed "chick flick" it would be this one. In spite of that, I've heard wonderful things about the book and decided to view the movie. I'm happy to say that I'm glad that I did. Virtually unknown director Tate Taylor put together a cast of relatively unknown actors and actresses that truly made the story go. Taylor, whose last movie was the little seen Pretty Ugly People, grabbed a familiar actress to join him in making The Help, Allison Janney. Other than Janney the only other familiar actresses in the movie are Cicely Tyson and Sissy Spacek. The rather unknown cast has a fresh feeling on the story and there are no preconceived notions based on a past actor or actresses work. That being said Emma Stone (Easy A), and Viola Davis had a true coming out party in The Help. Both women played fantastic parts, which really made the cast mesh nicely together. Bryce Dallas Howard, Octavia Spencer and Jessica Chastain were all spectacular in supporting roles alongside Stone and Davis.When a movie doesn't have the explosions, crazy action or crude humor that we've become accustomed to seeing in newer movies there has got to be a great story attached in order to maintain your interest; The Help had that great story. There aren't many movies that have you laughing, crying, or getting angry and end up still being fantastic and that is where this one had me. With my common rule of no movie should be over 2 hours unless it is special; this one is very special. I would be surprised if there aren't a number of nominations coming.Children: If they can handle a lot of dialog it is age appropriate for 10+ Award Worthy: YES! Nominations for: Best Actress, Best Supporting Actress, Screenplay, Picture, Director Entertaining: Yes Summer Movie Grade: A+ Is it Worth the Price of a Movie ticket: Yes Would I watch It Again: YesVisit our site at www.twodudereview.com
7 Music video director McG's first feature, Charlie's Angels, received a fair amount of critical backlash, but I found it to be pretty entertaining in an inconsequential and undemanding way; however, the subsequent stinker of a sequel and the abysmal Terminator Salvation had me writing the director off as a no-hoper. Now, Netflix original The Babysitter, a tongue-in-cheek tween horror, sees McG bouncing back, delivering a film that, while short on logic and heavy on the gimmicky music video style editing, guarantees a lot of mindless fun.Judah Lewis plays timid twelve-year-old Cole, the target of local bullies; Cole's only friends are pretty neighbour Melanie (Emily Alyn Lind), and his sexy babysitter Bee (Samara Weaving). When Cole's parents leave for the weekend, leaving him in the care of Bee, Melanie dares the boy to stay awake to see what his babysitter gets up to after he is in bed. Spying from the landing, Cole sees Bee and several friends playing spin the bottle followed by a spot of ritualistic murder and some dabbling in the occult. Panicking, Cole tries to make his escape, but in doing so, alerts Bee and her pals, who give chase. What follows is like a demented version of Home Alone, Cole using household items and cunning to prevent himself from becoming the next victim of Bee and her friends.Admittedly, it all gets a bit far fetched at times, particularly with the surrounding neighbours seemingly oblivious to the explosions, gunshots and general mayhem occurring across the street, but solid performances, the fast pace, and the creative and gory death scenes all go to making this a very enjoyable time-waster.
7 For a split second there, you are watching "Q&A" or any of the other political dramas Sidney Lumet was famous for. Despite what reviewers have said here, this is mature movie that exists in a different time. And it is tragic that it is lost in the dummies of 2017 society.The story is of a lawyer whose past convictions of social injustices get called to task when his partner suffers a heart attack. Roman is thrust into reality of facing the people who he left a long time ago to be the shadow autistic man content to vomit all sorts of facts without a shred of...personality tolerable to anyone. Everyone who has worked in an office knows this guy. He's aggravating because he only understands a brand of logic that lacks...spirit. He laughs at the wrong moments. And when put in social situations...he will anger you. However, he possesses massive commitment to a social cause. There's a line in the movie where an admirer defends Roman as "we stand on his shoulders." In other words, despite his annoyance...he has contributed to the cause. What cause is the question. The answer? It doesn't matter. The cause is ambiguous other than Black crime and rights. Which isn't the point it's trying to make. I would guess, it means to be anything we have convictions of and lose sight of will ultimately destroy us. Is that a digestible concept. Not to this world. In all honesty, when Roman starts to slip, we are actually much more comfortable. Because we all sell out when times get rough. This is a wonderful film that will be discovered years later. Much like a Sidney Lumet film (can you even name one). I will say, people will watch it and feel shame they didn't seek it out later. Denzel Washington should get nominated here.
7 Everybody all over the world do knows the serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer. This flick shows Jeffrey before his first kill. All seen through the eyes of his friend Derf Backderf. If you think this is going to be a bloody serial killer flick then you are wrong. What it do shows is Jeffrey being an outcast at school and being found weird by all students. It also shows his family and what he does before killing. Dissecting road kill and disolve them with acid. Let that be what he did with his victims. It's not a flick for the geeks of the horror genre because not having one kill they could be dissapointed. But on the other hand it do shows how he became a killer and what his so-called friends let him do. It isn't a bad flick, it do goes deep into the characterisation of Jeffrey. The flick stops just before he picks up Stevie Hicks, his first victim.Gore 0/5Nudity 0/5Effects 0/5Story 3/5Comedy 0/5
7 This movie tries hard to convince you that right is wrong, black is white, up is down, and most importantly, that the antagonist is the protagonist.The main character is Luke, a jobless deadbeat who is arrested for sawing off parking meters while drunk. He is sentenced to two years in a chain gang. Despite the fact that he is apathetic, rebellious, irreligious, selfish, and totally deserved to go to jail, we the audience are asked to root for this person.The law-officers are portrayed as evil, and somehow rules are "bad" and those who defy authority are heroes.The plot is long, drawn-out, and boring. We simply watch two hours of this man Luke smart off and try to escape the chain gang, until he finally dies at the end during his final escape. Then he is called a "world-shaker." What? This man contributed nothing to his fellow human beings except to be a deadbeat rebel, and yet he's some kind of hero? The most Luke ever does in his life is eat 50 eggs. How inspirational! Don't waste your time with this movie that tries to warp the rules of morality, logic, and good-movie-making.
7 First lets start with the 20 minute standing ovation this film supposedly got at Cannes. After watching the film I don't believe it. Someone must have exaggerated the length of time by at least 18 minutes. That or those apparently ecstatic people were drunk. Don't get me wrong this is a good film. But the praise this is getting from critics and people writing here is way over the top. I was fully expecting a work of real vision and/or originality but what I experienced was a film that borrows from other films and admittedly gels everything together into a cohesive and impressive whole. A lot of great films do the same but 'Pans Labrynth' has other faults that prevent it from being put in the same category as the truly great films. 'Pans Labrynth' at times is too predictable - a side effect from borrowing from other films - therefore some scenes feel clichéd. Also the tasks the girl has to complete in order to take her place as princess could have been more imaginatively realized. Finally the message/point/allegory of the film is trite and simplistic. Still worth watching but is this really one of the top 100 films of all time? Not even close...
7 Where to start..... First off, the sets are wonderful. They are lavish and look authentic of the time, except as if a madman on acid was given a gigantic budget and told to "go at it!" Peter O'Toole is wonderful as the aging Tiberius. Malcolm McDowell gives a great performance as the young Caligula who kills his way to the throne of the Roman Emperor and then soon leads a legacy of terror. The supporting actors do a fine job yet, most of the young ladies were actually Penthouse Pets and were there for eye candy and irrelevant sex scenes. Depending on which film you are watching, the uncut or the R-version, some scenes are extremely graphic. I would usually always recommend the uncut version as opposed to the chopped one, but in this instance, the full length film is purely indulgent. Scenes of sex and gore were added to satisfy the producers (Penthouse) and the expected audience, not to add anything to the story. However, I am and will always be a fan of excess, so get the full version! The story is strong and keeps you interested. McDowell is charming throughout, which is quite the feat considering he murders family members, rapes and molests men and women, and sleeps with his sister. For fans of excess and sleaze, i highly recommend. Viewers who are purely interested in the reign of the notorious ruler might want to skip this one.
7 Based on the popular fairytale ''Snow White'' comes the originally titled ''Snow White....and The Huntsman'' ,an epic fantasy film starring teen favourites Kristen Stewart (of Twilight fame) and Chris Hemsworth (of Thor/Avengers fame). Now, detailing the plot shouldn't be too hard, as we all know the story from childhood- Evil Queen (Charlize Theron) with talking mirror is hell-bent on killing her 'pure' step-daughter (Stewart) and hires a Huntsman (Hemsworth) to do the job for her. The Huntsman takes pity on the girl when he finds her, and together they become fugitives, going on a journey that involves meeting Dwarfs. Seven of them to be precise. What follows is a major battle between good and evil to determine who will reign over the Kingdom, the evil Queen or our heroine Snow White?Now, I enjoyed this film a lot more than I thought I would, it reminded me a lot of Lord of The Rings, from the grand music to the mountain scenery, and it does feature a few spectacular fight scenes. Visually, this is an impressive film, however, the film focuses too much on visuals and not enough on characters, the Dwarfs are glossed over and never really given any time to engage with the audience, which is a shame, as the group contains excellent actors (Ray Winstone and Bob Hoskins, amongst others ). Kristen Stewart as Snow White seems to think she's still playing Bella from Twilight, (i.e no range of emotions, just a blank stare for the whole film), especially when opposite to her is Charlize Theron giving an amazingly dramatic performance as the Queen. To sum up, a good re-telling of a classic, but by no means as good as the Disney Classic which most of us remember.7/10
7 When Jennifer's Body was first announced to me, I met the idea with cautious curiosity. The idea of Megan Fox playing an evil high school beauty queen who eats the boys she seduces sounded... interesting, to say the least. When the trailer finally emerged, I got excited. Seriously. The combination of thrilling and funny hadn't been explored well at the theater in a long time.Unfortunately, it still hasn't been explored well; at least not very well. The movie understands what it's going for: a comic horror film with just enough gore and jumps to be jarring and plenty of witty dialogue to stay fresh. The problem is, the two don't seem to meld together very well at any point. It's hard to say whether this has more to do with Diablo Cody's script or Karyn Kusama's direction; neither is at it's full potential here. Although, on recollection of the film, the too-random use of humor sometimes seems to have been the biggest problem.But let's talk about what works. The leads are both very good. It was Megan Fox who got lots of good buzz about proving she could actually act, but Amanda Seyfried really impressed me more with her edgy role. The performances of both are worthy of accolades. They bring honesty and realism to what could have become total caricatures, and their performances help paint the deeper themes of the movie quite well.Yes, there are deeper themes. It's not too hard to spot what Ms. Cody is trying to talk about here: The relationships girls have with each other. The whole 'Frenemies' idea that so defines high school girls. It's an interesting concept to examine, and it could have made for a truly entertaining AND thoughtful film.But it simply isn't. While it wants to get there, it gets too lost in trying to be hip and current and 'alternative' to really become a film. And while the tension builds decently toward the finale, it all leads up to a climax that... doesn't really climax.However, this is not to say Jennifer's Body isn't worth watching. Hell, I was entertained, and there are some sexy little scenes in there. The disappointment lies in thinking about what the premise promised, a promise that sadly wasn't quite fulfilled... 6/10 stars Jay Addison
7 Arguebly Al Pacino's best role. He plays Tony Montana, A small time hood from Cuba turned into a rich and powerful crime lord in Miami, and he does it with the only two things he's got in this world, his balls and his word, and he doesn't break'em for nobody. Starts as doing jobs for a big time Cuban dealer, Frank Lopez (Robert Loggia) and quickly goes up the ladder of the organization along with his long time friend Manny (Steven Bauer). Soon he has an eye for the boss's sexy wife Elvira (Michelle Pfeiffer). After Frank sees a threat from Tony to his position, he attempts to assassin Tony but with no luck. Tony is upset and nothing can stop him now. the film has a great supporting cast among them is F. Murray Abraham as a jumpy gangster, another familiar face is Harris Yulin as a crooked cop trying to shake down Tony, Marry Elizabeth Mastrantonio as Tony's young sister. Credits to the Ecxellent screenplay by Oliver Stone. This film is one of Brian DePalma's Brightest points in his long ups and downs career, you can see this guy is very talented. The movie has a magnificent look to it. Also pay attention for two memorable scenes: The one at the fancy restaurant ("Say goodnight to the bad guy"). the other is the final shootout where Tony shows that he still knows how to kick ass and kills about 20 assassins that invaded to his house. this is certainly one of the most impressive endings to a movie I have ever seen. For fans of Al Pacino and crime movies it's a must-see. For the rest of you it's highly recommended. 10/10
7 This is the sort of thing that only now thrills the film eggheads. After all, Feierstein's Flex Crush will have you know that Real Men don't watch anything by Truffaut. It might have been interesting if Truffaut had anything to -say- here. The camera-as-voyeur motif was nothing new. Have we all forgotten De Sica's "Bicycle Thief"? Or anything by Hitchcock?So all we get is the extended metaphor of the juvenile as Truffaut, who spends all his free time 'screwing up his eyes' at the movies, who wrecks schoolroom discipline, gets accused of plagiarism(the many petty thefts), and ultimately escapes societal confines to make 'his own movie'. Sorry...been there, done that too many times for this to matter.
7 I have loved this movie from the very first time I saw it. Even taking into account that it was 10 years ago when this Rom-Com was released, and most Rom-Coms are forgotten throughout the sands of time by plenty of people for how many there are and how unremarkable most of them manage to be, this one has always managed to stick with me and uphold an excellent reputation, in my eyes, for how wonderful and fun it really is, and is truly one of my favorite movies in general.The numerous upsides: I think the deliverance of all the lines and scenes in this film is just perfect for what it sets out to accomplish. Sandra Bullock was the perfect choice for the role, and all the other supporting actors and actresses are simply magnificent in their parts and bring to you a movie that is meant to be nothing but fun and laughter from the beginning. However, you get a little bit more than what you are in store for. I found myself being completely interested every time I have watched it over the years, because it captures your attention with the storyline and antics and does not let go. The performances, like I said, are amazing and the cast really knew how to work with what they were given. The jokes and antics are hysterical and though many when they hate or dislike a comedy will tell you that the movie was funny in a bad way, do not listen to any bad reception this may receive and view it for yourself with a clear conscience, because it really is enjoyable that way, in my honest opinion.The very minuscule, few downsides: Yes, the movie does get a tad bit mediocre, at times, and at others of course they could have handled the material a little better, but aside from those two matters, I thought the film was, in a sense, perfect, and was completely astonishing and surprisingly hilarious and outstanding to every value it should have been hilarious and outstanding to.I have enjoyed the film for a long time now, I still enjoy it and find it to be a fun and thrilling adventure from beginning to end that I can always watch for the simple pleasure of just viewing it, not to just pass the time. Guys, do not pass it off for just a chick flick, because a few are liable to find this a superbly well time. Though it is a Rom- Com, I consider it a near masterpiece for how much it gives to the audience and how incredibly satisfying it always is.
7 Eskiya is another one of the films recently produced by Turkish filmmakers. The film is generally dubbed as "the best of what the Turkish filmmakers have produced so far" but actually fails to fulfill its promises. If you just want to have nice time watching a movie... go ahead, Eskiya will not disappoint you. However if you have a sharp and critical eye in terms art and cinema you will surely wonder why this movie does not do any social criticism (or does pseudo-criticism). The point is, apart from the fact that it is a good movie anyway, the very title of the movie gives the impression that it is about the southeast problem and mainly on the terror issue -a taboo subject for Turkish art world. However as the film develops it is seen that other than the typical story of east-to-west immigration and problems of Turkish urbanization (ghettoism, mafia and organized crime, dreams of the slums etc.) there is not the slightest information of the southeast terrorism which caused  more than 30,000 official casualties. It seems as if we the Turks will continue to watch and like those re-makes and modernizations of old tales of Kerem and Asli, Ferhat ile Sirin. Eskiya is good as it is another typical eastern tale of platonic love and the quest of a dedicated lover. But surely it is not the story of what Turkey has experienced between 1984 and 2000. The film avoids "the" problem of southeast and continues the ages-old presumption that the only reason for these people to come to Istanbul is that they just lost their village and lands. Nevertheless I just celebrate the director and Sener Sen for their significant performances. Don't expect realistic depiction of the 90's Turkey but you will surely have nice time....
7 They drop from the sky with no warning. They do seemingly inexplicable things. They are capable of things that defy human experience. And we see it from the perspective of people we have no real connection to.My first thoughts were something like, "How are K-Fed and Bobby Brown gonna save the planet?" Turns out, I need not have wondered.What I thought the movie did very well was tell the story from the point of view of a handful of people that have no extraordinary attributes whatsoever. Disaster movies tend to have characters able to overcome improbable odds to somehow accomplish some measure of victory for Earth and/or humanity. Not so in Skyline. We have an apparently successful recording artist living the high life in L.A. and his friend, who possesses some measure of marketing talent. Rounded out with girlfriends, other assorted attractive female hangers-on, and what appears to be one of the security guards of the condominium complex in which the recording artist resides.As far from "everyday normal" as this group might seem to be, they could very easily be real people, particularly in La-La Land. And the best part is that they reacted to events in a very normal, everyday human way. Weird stuff happens, and so they try to make sense of it, try to get a look at what's going on. And what they see makes no sense. There are no moments of inspired intuition, no really extraordinary feats of heroism or even ordinary ones.Every plan of action the characters come up with fails, their safe-zones continually diminish, and characters are inexorably picked off. This is mirrored by the larger reaction of the military and their attempts to resist the alien menace. While slightly more successful in causing some injury to the aliens, their ultimate futility is seen when what looks to be an incredibly agile stealth bomber dances and dodges its way through aerial combat to release the Hail-Mary tactical nuke missile even as it is finally shot down. We follow the missile as it tracks toward the largest of alien craft and BOOM! Lots of bright light and big noise, and we see the alien vessel crashing to the ground as a smoldering wreck. Yay! But wait, holy crap, and oh noes! The aliens have regenerative/repair abilities congruent with their clearly organic-machine nature. The actors best moments come when they convey the despair and frustration of seeing every soap-bubble of hope unavoidably popped.Earth is a rich and rare cache of resources presumably not found in many places in the vast, cold reaches of space. The aliens are here to secure their own continued survival with our delicious goodies. Our own species does this exact same thing to plants and animals across the globe. So what more motivation do the aliens need? And how could we realistically resist? None, and we can't, any more than the Amazon or marine life could. I don't know how much more "real" the story could get.The movie doesn't satisfy the audience with a heroic victory for mankind. Or any victory, for that matter. And in this, it bucks the seemingly inescapable trend for reassuring us with some message about how adhering to noble virtues will allow us to win out in the end. To me, the film demonstrated exactly how fragile and small we and our planet are in the grander scheme of the universe. It's an ugly, cold truth, and we might prefer to be deluded that we can overcome if we just (add inspiring platitude here). But if our real-life local and global disasters are any indication, those sorts of wins only come at the very end and from the efforts of survivors after the fact. In the scenario this movie presents, we won't get that chance. Were aliens ever to come knocking, humanity as it is now is simply boned. And that's it.Lots of people will not like or want to hear that message from a work of fiction. But I think the makers of this film deserve credit for their much more likely message of futility. It's not something we get a lot of from movies. Every now and again, it's a nice change from the improbable happy ending.
7 If there is one thing I like about mystery/crime/thrillers is that when they are good you keep try to figure out who done it during the whole movie. And Dark Places is one of those movies. It's good, even very good. There are a lot of mysteries, plots and twists in the movie that keep you interested for almost two hours. I've been trying to figure out what happened, guessed a couple times wrong while I thought I figured it all out. And that's what I like about those kind of movies. You're absorbed by the story. Charlize Theron gave us a very good performance with her role. The other actors are all good as well, I can't fault anyone in Dark Places. The ambiance during the whole movie is very intriguing and you will only know what really happened at the end. I wish they would make more of those movies. Certainly worth a watch if you are in for a bit of detective work.
7 When a film has a tagline as witty and sharp as Central Intelligence's – "Saving the world takes a little Hart and a big Johnson" — something tells me that the producers came up with that pun first and decided to commission a script around it after. True enough, this film is an excuse to have Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson and Kevin Hart play delightfully silly characters amidst a fairly disposable plot. It really doesn't matter because you won't see this film for a complex plot, you'll see this film for some good laughs. The hit-to-miss ratio is surprisingly higher than you expect.In Central Intelligence, Johnson plays a formerly morbidly obese high school student named Robbie Wierdicht (yes, it's pronounced as Weird Dick, hah!) who was subjected to a horribly cruel prank twenty years ago. He now resurfaces as Bob Stone, a herculean CIA agent who decides to reunite with his only friend in high school, Calvin "The Golden Jet" Joyner (Hart) — back then Central High's "most likely to succeed" student. Ironically, he is now living an unexceptional adult life as a mid-level accountant stuck in a rocky marriage. Little does Calvin know, what started as a mysterious Facebook friend request to a casual catch-up is Stone's silent attempt to enlist Calvin as his unwilling sidekick in a deadly mission to track down stolen U.S. satellite codes and stop a wanted kingpin called the "Black Badger" from obtaining them.In his previous comedies (Ride Along and Get Hard), Hart is often portrayed as a fast- talking shtick at the center of attention. In this film, We're The Miller's director Rawson Marshall Thurber, who co- wrote the script with Bob Fisher and Steve Faber, breaks this stereotype by subduing Hart to a serious straight-up role and giving the goofy prankster role to Johnson (responsible for pulling off most of the verbal and physical gags). The role reversal works with the slapstick comedy thanks to both actors' exhilarating chemistry and sharp performance. Their size juxtaposition alone is a joke in itself. "Pint-sized" squeaky-voiced Hart, with all his outbursts and babbling, mixes panic and rage probably better than any actor. As for Johnson, he keeps up with expectations here whether by simply donning fanny packs, unicorn t-shirts, and uber-tight pajamas; or flaunting his cartoonish manliness against a character who is surprisingly sensitive and still embarrassed with his past. Central Intelligence is given more depth when it deals with our main characters' high school baggage – Calvin's frustration on his life turning not the way he expected, and Bob's self-esteem issues due to the serious and lasting effects of bullying.Don't get me wrong, the exhausting espionage plot struggles to have any shred of intelligence to it. It is quite perfunctory to the point that it might as well fade into a background noise. It even falls apart to utter nonsense by the end when the plot twist is revealed and judging by their focus on comedy, the filmmakers seems to be fine leaving the plot holes unpatched. Neither are the villains written with deep thought as they are all cardboard bad guys who are homophobes, bullies, mercenaries or a combination thereof. Apart from the comedy itself, the film apologizes in its shortcomings by boasting a roster of cameos that I'll leave unmentioned for the sake of surprise.You can groan at its dumb plot, get antsy over action scenes where no one (not even trained CIA gunmen) can shoot straight or frown at Calvin and Stone whispering strategies whilst pointed with guns, but Central Intelligence is hard to dislike because Johnson and Hart shine perfectly in their roles and hence, elevate this film from subpar to moderately enjoyable. Without them, this film will be as useful as a bag of rocks. That being said, Central Intelligence can be a good distraction during a hot summer day.
7 I've said this before, and I'll type it again: only see this Austin Powers sequel once.While Austin Powers in Goldmember has its moments, such as the terrific opening credit scene (the best so far,) they are so few and far between making some of this movie's unbearable.I didn't heed to my own warning, and this is the second time I've seen it. But, then, I don't like to write reviews on movies I haven't seen in awhile. This one being almost 7½ years.This time out, I got tricked. After being somewhat disappointed in Austin Powers: The Spy That Shagged Me – comparatively speaking to the brilliant Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery, I was pumped up after the now-established opening dance scene. And I thought this would bring the series back on track. Unfortunately, it only goes straight downhill after that.Austin captures Dr. Evil immediately in this chapter, but learns through a Hannibal Lecter/Magneto meeting that another Mike Myers's creation, Goldmember, is on the loose to cause havoc. Austin must race, literally, back in time, this time in the 1970's, to thwart Goldmember's plans. Back to the year 2002 he goes and everyone's where they're supposed to be situated to make an Austin Powers movie.A few things have changed: Austin's dad (Caine) plays an important role, Scott becomes more evil while the always-scene-stealer Mini-Me loses some and more history of Austin and Dr. Evil's past is revealed.Sure, the movie has its moments. Some parts I did laugh out loud. But for the most part, it was definitely getting stale, the jokes recycled and the newest, uh, member, Goldmember ,was unbearable to watch. Yeah, I know a lot of humor is gross-out jokes, but when he eats his skin (sorry, I never caught that spoof/reference) it's beyond nasty.Again, it's worth maybe one viewing, but I have to almost say skip this one and pray, if they make a part IV, they'll attempt to reboot the series back to its hilarious roots. At least come up with some new jokes.
7 It has been 18 years since Quills, the last robust accomplishment by Michael Caine. There is no excuse for this movie. Here goes.Tatiania Mills (Odeya Rush) will dislodge and eat ABC (Already Been Chewed) gum from beneath the water fountain to taunt and gross out her adversaries at school. Sir Michael Caine again does the equivalent to his career by starring in this mindless atrocity. Michael Caine plays a deposed British Caribbean Republic dictator who comes the the U.S. and teams with a high school goth loser. He does this to teach her the ways of revolution so she can overthrow the mean bully girls in her High School.This movie was supposedly released on March 16, 2018, but I cannot find any statistics where it was shown in any brick and mortar theaters in The United States. Even Box Office Mojo shows no trace of either Dear Dictator or its original title of Coup d'Etat. It is as though it doesn't exist except at rouge movie sites or the inevitable Amazon Prime Video for $6.99, which is $7.00 too much. Other than the sycophant Alfred in the Batman movies, Caine has not done anything meaningful since the masterpiece Quills, and that was almost 2 decades ago. I'm glad that Ebert is not alive to see Caine actually tunnel to a new low after the disaster that was Jaws IV.Oh my Goat, this movie was horrible on every level. Dictator and Tatiana become pen-pals and the next thing you know, he shows up not on her doorstep, but in her garage. No Problem! Mom is clued in and consents for The Dictator to stay if only he will fix the broken garage door opener. He does, and then in a deeply moving scene, he instructs Tatiana how to overthrow the factions in her High School. Brilliant! Enter the Revolution!The shock and awe at the Mall was cringe-worthy and the side story of Tatiana's mother and her foot-freaky dentist employer were new lows for cinema... but not as low as the scene where El Dictator sternly lectures Darlene MIlls (Katie Holmes) and daughter about the evils of American society. He then turns into some sort of 85 year-old Gordon Ramsey master chef. I want to die. Not later, but right now. Never in the history of film has anything been as bad as this debacle.The rest of this movie was irrelevant. It was horrible. ZERO/10.0
7 I agree with what a lot of people are saying, it's clichéd and preachy, BUT I also find in completely fascinating. That's my opinion, of course, but the whole premise is fairly new for TV. Sure, sure, we have about a bazillion lifetime movies about underage girls having babies, their parents wanting them to give the baby up or have an abortion and the father of the baby wanting or not wanting to be in the picture. But I can't recall watching a TV show about it.For such a young cast, they're not half bad with the acting. Shailene Woodley is very cute, as far as annoying, well, I hate to break it to you, but she plays the typical fifteen year old, to a 'T'. She seems selfish and vain and emotional, because, stereotypically (which this show is all about, stereotypes), she is the perfect example of a fifteen year old, and to top the sundae off, she's pregnant. Ken Baumann is absolutely adorable. He's the perfect boy next door, geek chic, that a girl would like to have around. The rest of the cast is on the ball, for the most part. Molly Ringwald is a little stiff in my eyes, but that could be because I'm so use to watching her in her 80's glory.The Characters are pretty much predictable and completely set in their stereotypical roles, and there are moments where you want to slap every single one of them. I don't remember being like that at 15, but that was way back in the day. Ricky... Ricky just blows my mind, that boy needs to be hosed down. And for most of the episodes I want to beat Adrian with a stick. But Amy's two gossiping gal pals crack me up, and the adorableness of Henry and Ashley (individually/together) is entertaining. The parents are all having just as much drama as their kids, which is somewhat mind blowing, but it leads to an entertaining quality.Personally, I love it, my brand new addiction for the season. It's mind blowing, especially when Amy and Ben talk about forever and true love, but highly entertaining. I want to know what's going to happen next, for all of them ;) Worth a watch if you're bored. I think it's def a hit or miss program. Either you'll love it, or hate it. (Shrugs) ;)
7 This movie deserved a sequel. Maybe I missed it? In any event, I came to IMDb to see if there were opinions on what Judy does next at the end of the movie. To my surprise, in the IMDb description, it says that Judy reenlists. I don't think that point was made; rather, it is left to the audience to decide.Anyway, I started reading reviews, and my neck tensed up. Why? Because so many people write that Captain Doreen Lewis is a lesbian. First - who on earth cares? And, why then, was she drooling, and more, over Captain William Woodbridge. Good grief! If Captain Lewis' sexual preference were remotely connected to the story line, that would be a different story, but it's absolutely not. What's the problem? That Captain Lewis is a Captain?I hate it that we've become a world of sexual-preference-obsessed. It didn't used to be like that. It's not as though this heightened awareness is keeping kids and adults from getting their heads bashed in. I'd bet it happens more often. My daughter and I were almost attacked because we were holding hands and some idiots decided we were lesbians. What's wrong with them/you? This is a fine movie with great comedy, great performances, important messages... can't you ever detach from sexual preference obsession, and leave it at that? Good grief...
7 I'm sorry but all of you guys who said they were unoriginal are wrong. Try to name one movie where they played Pac-man like that. That was GREAT!!! I don't believe that the movie needed to have a great plot line. Super Troopers (although very great) didn't have a perfect stratagem. It was supossed to be funny and it was. People who compared it to the Scary Movie trilogy (for example... they were better than Club Dread) shouldn't be allowed to watch movies anymore, or at least comment on them. I wouldn't say that Broken Lizard is the next Monty Python,no offense, but Python is pretty hard to beat in my eyes.  I enjoyed the movie, so did everyone else in the theater, just don't expect Super Troopers 2.
7 I just returned from seeing a special preview of "The Help," which is due out in theaters this summer. Okay, so here's the truth: I'm a middle-aged, white male... I didn't read the book and I assumed, based on the fact that this is a virtually an all-female cast, that this was some sort of chick flick. Boy, was I wrong! This is an incredible film that not only pays justice to the bestseller on which it's based (according to those who have read the book AND seen the film), but is phenomenally cast, with exceptional performances by Viola Davis, Emma Stone, Octavia Spencer, Bryce Dallas Howard and Allison Janney. Veteran actresses Sissy Spacek and Cicely Tyson also deliver incredible performances. While Tyson's character is central to the storyline, her role comprises what seems to be a few, precious minutes of the 2:20 running time, she delivers, in my opinion, one of the most powerful and moving moments in the film...one in which she doesn't even utter a line (trust me, you'll know when you see it.)The Help also delivers some very funny moments and will make you laugh. I'll go so far as to say that this film and a few of its cast members will draw some Oscar nominations. I certainly think this takes Stone into a whole new level.The racial imbalances of 1963 are well illustrated in "The Help," and will, no doubt, underscore how far America has come, as well as how little progress we've made in the last 50 years. Either way, this is a powerful movie that needs to be seen on the big screen as soon as you can get a ticket.
7 Caught The Departed last night and I have to say, its one abject failure of a remake. I was expecting it to be good, and truth be told, I wanted it to be good because it is based on Hongkong's Infernal Affairs, quite possibly one of the best gang flicks of all time. It is one of my personal favorites due to its brilliantly conceived plot of gang versus police, replete with paranoia and deceit. It is also quite possibly, one of the most intelligent films I have ever seen (second to Memento).Where do I even begin? There are just so many things to criticize about. Firstly, the utterly realistic characters in Infernal Affairs have been reduced to one dimensional vectors that merely carry the plot forward. Matt Damon's character was reduced to a bad ass villain and was almost gleefully ridding anyone who knew of his identity, with no hint of remorse even till the very end. In Infernal Affairs however, at the end of the film, Andy Lau truly wanted to be a good guy but obviously, circumstances did not allow him to, and therefore he was forced to kill the gang boss to protect his identity. He subsequently went crazy over the guilt of killing the police informant (Tony Leung, or Leornado in Departed). Infernal Affairs ended brilliantly because Andy Lau's character survived it all with no one knowing his true identity. He could therefore assume his role of a high-ranking police officer, but was ridden with guilt and constantly reminded of the people who died because of him. It was really tragic and you could almost sympathize with his character. And what's with the ending of The Departed?!! Do all Hollywood films have to have perfect fairy tale endings where the bad guy has to die? And even if he has to die, does it have to conclude with an abrupt scene that lasts 30secs, and not to mention, totally cheesy and lame. It seems like a quick way out to conclude the story. The climax at the lift in the abandoned building was also unintentionally funny as body counts skyrocketed as people just started dying ridiculously. The reaction that people had in that scene in Infernal Affairs was true shock'Oh my god!'. The reaction in Departed was quite the opposite  people started laughing.Also, the strange and awkward friendship between the police informant's boss and the gang boss was completely removed in the Departed. It was so enjoyable watching how the 2 former friends who are currently on opposite ends of the law, try to outplay each other in a full-fledged war of wits and power, but with grace as a result of their friendship in the past. This was COMPLETELY omitted in the Hollywood version. And also, there was a lack of tension between the police force and the gangs. Martin Sheen seems almost weak and hapless against Jack Nicholson and Nicholson himself appears barely sinister and intelligent. Another stupid omission was the friendship between the police informant and his boss, which was meticulously staged in Infernal Affairs, and culminated in a tragic climax when the boss fell off the building and landed right in front of the informant. This scene was attempted in Departed but failed miserably when Leornado tried to look sad when his boss died. There was no friendship to speak of between these 2 characters in Departed!!!The movie also tries way too hard to entertain. The crazy antics of Jack Nicholson is reminiscent of his character in Anger Management. Yes, Anger management, that rubbish of a comedy. And I do not understand why there are so much sexual references in the movie. There is sex, women and porno everywhere in the movie and is completely unnecessary and downright insulting. Gritty realism is not achieved by dumping sex scenes in the movie.I can go on and on and criticizing about almost every single aspect in the movie (like how unnecessary the role of the psychiatrist in the Departed was, but completely pivotal in Infernal Affairs etc.), and might as well write a thesis on this movie. To conclude, there was not a single scene of tension nor was it ever moving or exciting. In fact, i found it more funny than anything else. The acting was not particularly great as well despite a rather stellar cast. Infernal Affairs was an intricate and convoluted plot of deceit, lies, friendship, paranoia and love, at the hands of skillful directors who carefully stage memorable scenes and powerful climaxes  almost everything that Departed was not, despite an almost identical script. The critics are REALLY WRONG on this one. It is a complete failure of a remake, and even without comparison to the original Hongkong version, it is still a ridicule of an otherwise excellent plot. The editing was also fragmented and confusing, and coupled with horrendous pacing, the film gets progressively frustrating. Martin Scorsese has effectively removed everything that was so good about the original. Trust me, save your money and time, and watch Infernal Affairs, even if you have watched it already.
7 The "raiders of the ark" is probably a genre by itself.It is not an action film. You should not expect more than a couple of gunfires and some whisp tricks. Is it realistic? Not at all, except if you consider that a man can move a pyramid's hone to escape from the pyramid.It is not humoristic, either (is there a single play on words?). Actually, it is rather completely stupid. A typical scene is the guy who sees a skeleton and howls like a fool for five seconds.The scenario is very boring. There is not a single second of suspense.Ironically, what makes the film watchable is the soundtrack. No, actually, it is not sufficient, I stopped watching near the end.Really, I don't understand how many people can consider this crap deserves to be watched. How can it be in the top 250 ?
7 Released in 1975, Milos Forman's staggering film of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (adapted from Ken Kesey's equally brilliant semi-autobiographical 1962 novel) remains arguably the most relevant, accurate and powerful cinematic analysis of mental illness and corruption of power ever. It became just the second film ever to win the five major Academy Awards and was shown in Swedish cinemas for 12 years, which remains a national record in Sweden. Yet at the time the critical reception of the movie was still rather uneven (though deservedly that's improved over time), and Kesey vehemently refused to watch it as the story wasn't told from the point of view of Chief Bromden like it is in the novel.But what a film it is. After fighting for more than a decade to get the film made, producers Saul Zaentz and Michael Douglas (largely influenced by his father Kirk, who first acquired the film rights) had developed a strong affection for the story and once they had the financing they hired Czech director Milos Forman, the only director they encountered who shared their affection for Kesey's story. It isn't hard to see why, and as Forman spent the majority of his formative years and the early part of his career living under a totalitarian regime in Czechoslovakia after losing his parents in Auschwitz and Buchenwald as a child, Forman proved to be the perfect director to bring to the screen this story of silenced and very often misunderstood people existing in such circumstances who are slowly inspired to take a stand. Forman's direction is a thing of sheer mastery: tender yet honest in the sequences involving McMurphy's (Jack Nicholson) relationship with his fellow patients, raw in the sequences revolving around Nurse Ratched (Louise Fletcher), a usually calm but unknowingly corrupt and dictatorial woman who thinks she's doing what's in her patients' best interests and how she runs the ward and treats her patients, unflinching but sympathetic in its depiction of the ravages mental illnesses inflict on those who suffer from them, and all those qualities in the emotionally draining yet tremendously inspiring climax. Forman simply outdid himself here.But of course, every director is only as good (or bad) as the cast and crew they have to work with, and Forman's is flawless. Starting with the cast, he garners three of the most perfect displays of acting in cinematic history. McMurphy was the role Nicholson was born to play, and while he's a force of nature in the scenes involving McMurphy squaring off with Nurse Ratched, his more subtle scenes where he depicts the changes in him caused by the institution and his fellow patients in whom he provoked a change first are the ones that truly assure him a place among the true all-time legends (and the fact that he and Forman had a fiery relationship just makes his turn even more unbelievable). He's never been better before or since, and as brilliant as Al Pacino is in Dog Day Afternoon I'm firmly in Team McMurphy. Fletcher is every bit as good as the sadistic Nurse Ratched who tries to clip the free-spirited McMurphy's wings – it's an incredibly controlled performance, because while a lesser actress would have played her like an overbearing battleaxe, Fletcher is chilling because of her sincerity. Yet even despite how truly frightening Fletcher is she also manages to make the viewer feel a small amount of sympathy for Nurse Ratched by simultaneously playing her as a woman who's really just trying to do her job even though she's oblivious to the negative impact she's had on those in her care. Also, Brad Dourif pulls off one of the most astounding supporting turns in movie history as Billy Bibbitt, a stuttering (and thus exploited) teenager who proves to be the catalyst for Nurse Ratched's downfall at the hands of McMurphy, and William Redfield (who sadly died shortly after the movie was released) and Sydney Lassick are also superb as the schizophrenic Harding and bipolar Cheswick.Bo Goldman and Laurence Hauben's screenplay is one of the few that, I think it can be said, against which most others are measured. With great eloquence, insight, power and intelligence (and no cheese or sentimentality) they collectively crafted a screenplay that never waters down the ugly things that are mental illnesses, gives the viewer/reader a greater understanding of the effects (both negative and also positive) they have on those who suffer from them and also what causes corruption, it celebrates the rebels of the world who fight the establishment for the greater good as well as themselves, and perhaps most importantly it shows the mentally ill not as not as complete caricatures (because often such depictions of the mentally ill are, it must be said, accurate ones), but as people who can achieve anything (even if they need a little guidance).Two other enormous bright spots are Jack Nitzsche's amazing score which is somehow mesmerizing in its musical simplicity (and it surely would've scooped the movie's sixth Oscar had Jaws come out in any other year) and Haskell Wexler's beautifully evocative cinematography.Countless similar films before and since have explored rebellion against corrupt authority figures and the inner workings of the human mind what makes us all tick, but One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest will forever be the cinematic depiction of life in a "loony bin" (as McMurphy puts it) to end them all. After more than thirty years it remains an absolutely flawless, definitive, knockout masterpiece, and one of the five most deserving Best Picture Oscar winners of all. And is that the greatest climax of a Best Picture winner ever or is that the greatest climax of a Best Picture winner ever?
7 I can't hate this film, even if it seems like that's what's going to be trending. As a Dark Universe movie, it obviously follows the footprints of the comic book movie universes, while utilizing old Universal/Hammer horror movie elements.I believe most of the naysayers expected a new horror movie anthology, one that brings the same fright that the old ones did we used to watch as kids. Honestly, Universal horror movies can't be that sort of frightening anymore,since we are not the same people anymore either. Universal was never about jumpscares or deep psychological horror like the current trending "horror" themes. It was about slowly creeping fear caused by fictional monsters.In my opinion, Dark Universe films are and will be meant to be watched as action films infused with classic horror elements and characters instead of the other way around. And to me, those few elements did hit the spot.My favorite bits horror-wise are the mummy herself immediately after resurrection: that shambling, crawling undead figure with dislocated joints and broken bones was exactly like something you wouldn't want to see heading your way in a dark London alley.I also liked Cruise being chased by the undead Crusaders under water. The relatively slow movement all while being underwater, half-drowning, really is a nightmarish situation even if it is not meant to make you jump out of your seat (which I still find to be the cheapest sort of thrill, therefore a bad idea).The makers deciding not to use CGI in an exhibitionist way was another one of these good bits: in many scenes, the overall darkness leaves just enough for our imagination to fill in with scary ideas instead of showing off so much, we start noticing how sterile and unfrightening CGI looks in general (I'm looking at you, Alien: Covenant).As for being an action flick, yes, it definitely wasn't a John Wick or a Rogue One. Not terrible, not great either, and had a little problem with unnecessary action sequences. The fight between the characters of Cruise and Crowe was lacking any motivation other than showing off. Improve it in the following movies, please (which I do hope to come).How could it be better? More detailed characters: okay, we know, the girl is cute, Tom Cruise is bringing the Tom Cruise we know from most of his movies since the 80s and Crowe is Jekyll/Hyde, but who are they as characters in this very universe? If you're building a universe, you need strong, memorable characters to build it upon, glory of the past and eye candy is simply not enough.More inventive action scenes. Watching Dracula and the Ottoman army duke it out from the reflection of a wobbling sword in Dracula Untold was a good one. More like that, less "Tom Cruise gets the umpteenth pimp smack the very same way from an obviously stronger enemy".Giving some power to the Good, if Evil has so much would spice things up. Jekyll's self-sustained evil is nice, but why stop there? Let's make it really interesting. What if the reanimation of the dead Crusaders backfired and they tried to fight Ahmanet due to their once holy life? They were trying to guard that gem after all, keeping their oath in their death would have been a nice addition. I understand that the franchise is more about monsters than heroes, but reducing the possibilities of what *could* happen in a still forming universe is unnecessary and even harmful.These three points are the three missing stars from my rating (based on the axiom of this movie is meant to be an action movie). The Mummy is by no means a bad film, but whatever you may expect it to be, you will find it at least a little disappointing for one reason or the other.
7 This was really funny and a hilarious, not corny, through the entire movie.
7 An better than average action film. The script needed some work. The build is slow but it gets tense and doesn't let go once the baddies came in the picture. Solid indie action film.
7 While the first two Austin Powers films in this comedic series concentrated on spoofing the late '60s/early '70s, James Bond movies and concentrated on female anatomy in the process, this one was centered on penises. I kid you not. (Hence, the title, a play-on-words from "Goldfinger.") I watched this film twice, within two weeks of each as I showed a friend the second time. The first time I thought it wasn't as funny overall as the other two Powers films and was a bit too raunchy, especially for the PG-13 rating which is ridiculous. After the second viewing, I changed my mind about the comedy (not the rating): it is just as funny if not more than the other two.A couple of the scenes were hilarious, although very crude in spots but some of the crudeness is what makes it funny. However, most of time I laughed more at the many subtle double entendres and all the double takes by Mike Myers, who plays at least four characters in here...all of them very well.It's goofy, stupid and nothing spectacular but definitely fast-moving and entertaining. If you've seen the other Austin Powers films, you know what this basically is going to be, humor-wise.Beyonce Knowles, who played the female lead, didn't have the beauty or body of Heather Graham or Elizabeth Hurley, stars of the other two films, but she isn't bad. There are numerous cameo appearances in here, starting right off the bat with Tom Cruise.Overall: sick (again) but funny (again.)
7 This is a half-way decent sci-fi flick that, thankfully, takes itself seriously. It's most definitely not perfect but with all the other comments saying it was derivative of other films I was expecting something along the lines of the original Stargate which literally lifted scenes out of other films and redid them within its own story. If you like your sci-fi a little slow burn and takes itself seriously you might want to give this a try. I've seen some truly horrible plot-holed "sci-fi" more deserving of the one star reviews that others have posted for this film but this film deserves better.
7 Treat it as the popcorn horror that it is and it's not as bad as some people think. I actually enjoyed it even though it was surreal and the sound track was even more out of place. The twist with the grandparents was not what I expected but putting it in context was funny in a very , very black humour way.Sold as a HORROR/THRILLER is a bit misleading . I would put it in the horror/comedy genre myself. Reminds me a bit of the Scream movies , or maybe the original Hammer film Scream and Scream again i.e. very over the top.
7 The evil Ravenna (Charlize Theron) finds that he sister Freya (Emily Blunt) is pregnant and in love with a noble. Freya gives birth to a baby girl but her beloved lover murders the baby and her rage unleashes ice powers and she kills him. Freya heads to North and builds a palace and an army that captures children from the villages to be raised as soldiers without love. Years later, their children Eric (Chris Hemsworth) and Sara (Jessica Chastain) are grown-up and in love with each other. They plan to flee from the castle, but Freya finds and builds an ice wall between them. Eric sees Sara being murdered stabbed on her back by their friend Tull (Sope Dirisu) and he is dumped in a frozen river but he survives. Eric, a.k.a. The huntsman grieves the death of his beloved Sara on a daily basis. One day, Snow White is ill and her husband seeks out Eric to tell that the Magic Mirror was taken while carried to a place called Sanctuary. Eric teams-up with two dwarfs to find the mirror, but they are attacked by Freya army and saved by Sara that is alive. She tells that she saw Eric leaving her alone, and he concludes that Freya gave different visions for each of them. They retrieve the mirror but Sara betrays Eric and Queen Freya and her army takes the mirror and captures the group. Then she asks Sara to kill Eric and she follows the order. Whal will happen now that Freya has the magic mirror?"The Huntsman: Winter's War" is an entertaining fantasy full of action with great cast and special effects. The plot is a prequel of "Snow White and the Huntsman" with Ravenna and the Huntsman, and introducing Freya and Sara. The film may not be recommended by professional critics but fortunately I am amateur. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): "O Caçador e a Rainha do Gelo" ("The Huntsman and the Ice Queen")
7 The Mummy provides good entertainment, at least most of the time. The effects are expectedly very impressive and the performances are first rate as well. My favorite performances were from the Mummy actor Sofia Boutella as the evil Ahmanet and Russell Crowe as Dr. Henry Jekyll. Sofia is sexy and has very expressive eyes. Russell Crowe brings in the needed humor to this serious flick. Tom Cruise as the adventurous Nick impresses in drama, action and fun moments and the pretty Annabelle Wallis as archaeologist Jenny whom he loves also delivers very well although her role is comparitively overshadowed by that of Cruise and Sofia. I like the action scenes and also the humor in this otherwise dark movie yet the end falters. Cruise's character undergoes a transformation in the climax which I felt weakened an otherwise good horror entertainment. One usually connects with the lead character from start to end of a movie but here, the climax spoilt it for me, not because of what happens to him but how that was executed. Anyway, this movie is still watchable despite the flaws but I'd not root for a sequel unless Sofia Boutella is back to haunt me again :)
7 This is not your average princess and prince tales, it is a series of the grim version of myths without warm Disney filter. The multiple stories are woven together in one underlying tragic theme, occasionally wicked Tale of Tales is definitely not for children. The most vexing thing about it is not the scandalous tale, but the slow pacing as it tries to deliver three nearly horror stories.The focus continuously shifts between monarchs from three separate kingdoms. Each of them is affected by equally peculiar plaguing events. One queen's over protective nature rules over her senses, a king's lust leads to mishap in bed and a princess' wedding becomes malady as she faces an ogre as the groom.Its screenplay is mixed feeling of innocence remnant and utter perversion. There's a good quality of cast to ensure overall bizarre atmosphere, and make no mistake, these stories can be downright disturbing for some. The director even adds a couple gore scenes or rather appalling instances which are shockingly unexpected, even more so considering the colorful setting.Visual is very good, the medieval vibe simply oozes from the scenery. It resembles a lively stage for dramatic play yet feels convincingly dreadful enough. Production, from make-up and costume, looks captivating and sometimes intimidating. As many TV series or movies adapt modernization of fairy tales, this one is more memorable with the eccentric outlook and more modest on CGI usage.However, it can be a bit slow. The three stories span across more than two hours, so it takes its time. Fortunately, it sets the characters really well, but on the flip side, some of scenes feel plodding. Tales of Tales might resemble the iconic Pan's Labyrinth at some turns, although it's still not on such legendary stature.This movie is certainly not for everyone. The mixture of odd fables and near horror elements leave strange lasting trail, it might not be all merry party yet it's enigmatically and irresistibly bewitching.
7 MetropolisMetropolis is one of the most exciting and exceptional works of art that humankind has produced. This epic science fiction film is one of Germany's famous silent movies created by Fritz Lang and liberated in 1927, the period between the two World Wars.This movie represents the expressionist cinema and shows us the repression of human needs by the machine age. Lang's creation of a self-destructive society is a protest against the machine age. Metropolis is one of the most magnificent cities of 2026, is kept 'alive' by the unceasing work of the underground people who live in slavery and is enjoyed by wealthy and educated people. The Austrian director of the movie, Fritz Lang, presents the story of a master, John Federsen, who sees people as machines working constantly to maintain the luxury and technology of his metropolis. On the other side, his son Freder falls in love with one of the underground workers who is a spiritual leader for the slaves. The son recognizes the unsentimental heart of his father and starts a revolution. The city gets flooded and Maria (Freder's love) regains the workers' trust after a robot had stolen her identity, she finds her loved one after saving the city's children, and the workers shake hands with the master.Expressionism tries to simplify the world and to understand it emotionally, in a subjective way. It is very important to understand this definition of this dynamic, violent and distorted movement in order to understand that Lang tried to externalize his own internal vision of the world through simple expressions. The name 'metropolis' comes from the Greeks and means mother-city. It has this significance because a metropolis is the biggest form of a technologically and economically developed city. Nevertheless, referring to the movie name, this film can be considered as the mother city of all cinematic clichés. In this story, there are two main characters, Maria and Freder. These two characters are also the heroes of the story because they are the ones who rescue the population from being drowned in the flood. John Federson is a person full of empowering feelings who only thinks of himself and of his city, forgetting about the ones who work for him. All the fantasies that he has come true through the power of his workers but he never thinks about the danger they are in while working for him. This man wants so much power that he is almost hypnotized by it; he is obsessed and possessed by the power of inventions and creations.On the other hand, Maria is just a symbol of munificence, her soul is pure and she is seen like an angel who brings peace to the world. Maria convoys the people in a church settling area. She is shown as sanctity, a holy person that is surrounded by the light of the candles. She is positioned higher than the workers who carefully listen to her as she speaks about peace, unity and their salvation by a mediator that will soon come. Her eyes inspire confidence and kindness as she kisses Freder in the church scene. In general, all she does is for the good of humanity. One thing that she repeats in the movie is 'Between the head and hands there must be a heart. ' This means that she realizes the bad things that the head (John Frederson) does and the good things that the hands (workers) do. But she knows that these workers should not be treated poorly or like robots and that, she can be the heart, which can persuade the head and the hands to cooperate to come to common interests. Maria, as her name suggests is also a biblical motif. She explains to the workers the story of the Tower of Babel. The workers in the story destroy this tower, which parallels how the movie will end, with the destruction of the machines by the workforce. Maria is still the representation of Jesus mother because she is trying to save the lives of the underground children. She would sacrifice herself and, alike Mother Mary, she has a strong faith in the creator of the world. All the scenes of this film are perfectly created at the eye level so that anyone is able to view the action. However, there is also a bird's eye view at the beginning of the movie as the panorama of the city is shown from high above the ground. This view was created to give us an impression of how widely extended and huge Metropolis is. In addition, the focus of the dramatic camera angles with bold shadows is on the disproportioned landscape as well as on the right-angled buildings. There are moments in which the camera focuses on fast movement scenes like the dancing of the robot in the nightclub and scenes where it focuses on slow movement like in the beginning of the film where the 'slaves' are shown going into the working area at a certain pace and aligned as robots. When more people are involved in a scene, like the one in which all the children are surrounding Maria as she rings the danger bell, the angles are vertical, triangular, but when only one person is focused, there is a close-up to allow us to read that character's expressions and feelings. A good example would be the close-ups on the master Fredersons' eyes as he asks his secretary why his son was allowed to go underground and as well after that scene when he is thinking in order to suggest this dictator's meditation and frustration. Another important aspect of the camera and of Expressionism that I have remarked was the scene in which the mad scientist tries to run away from Freder and kidnaps Maria. He is walking up on the roof of a sharp-angled building holding Maria under his arm as if nothing would happen. The same scene was notable in Robert Wiene's film The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari as Cesare walks up on the roof with the kidnapped fiancé and the city crowd follows him.Time also is significant in the film because the clock keeps showing up in the most important scenes. Time is evident in Fredersons' office as his son challenges him to have mercy for the people as well as he is talking to his secretary. Still only, a small portion of the clock is shown in these shots and it means the time in which the master can think what decisions to take. On the other hand, a gigantic clock is shown as Freder finds an exhausted worker trying to turn a wall-clock. Freder understands the struggle of this man and replaces him. There is where he finds out that at 2 pm Maria will have a meeting.But all that we have seen in this movie is not only made to show us the great importance of this silent SF film that can keep the watcher alive by its impressive music and can inspire contemporary movies like Matrix , but for its great historical importance. Fritz Lang expressed a social life in this movie as well as a political one. After WWI, when Germany had lost a war, people's lives were a disaster. Everyone was disoriented and could not keep up with the tragedy that was going on, and maybe there were some influences of the great anti-Semitism that was supposed to follow. But Germany was a great disaster as well and there was nothing it could have done to prevent it because many troubles kept adding up over the years and this country had to be defeated morally and politically as well as economically. Even if Germany's wish of reconstruction was as utopic as Fredersen's wish of a technological city, the postwar inflation had a big contribution on cinemas development.
7 What is going on with the IMDb user reviews lately? It's like the masses can no longer be trusted. In the last month, the users have decreed "Airbender" the worst abomination ever, when in fact it's just an average movie. User reviews raved over "Despicable Me", when it was about as entertaining as a "Dexter's Lab" rerun. And now? "Inception" is the 3rd best movie ever made? Are you kidding me? This was a very creative and interesting flick that went waaaayyy overboard. The problem with this genre (you know the genre -- was it a dream? or a dream about a dream? or a parallel universe where people dream they're dreaming about parallel universes while pretending to dream) is sooner or later you stop caring about the actual action because it's a dream. So the 20 minutes spent watching gunfights and car crashes in the pouring rain, and the 30 minutes spent watching these guys shoot up a ski fortress, and another 30 minutes watching what's-his-name float around a hotel just didn't do it for me. Not a terrible movie, but 3rd greatest movie ever? You must be dreaming.
7 Jennifer's Body, which stars current it girl Megan Fox, and Mamma Mia star Amanda Seyfriend, is my pick of the worst film of the year so far.The Oscar winning writer of Juno, Diablo Cody, is back with her second script, the very UNfunny Jennifer's Body. While her snappy dialog propelled her first feature to box office success, and an Academy Award for her script, her second feature, Jennifer's Body, shows that so far, Cody seems to be a one-trick pony.MAJOR SPOILERS AHEAD: Jennifer is a teenage cheerleader who gets picked up by some devil's worshipers and become a demon who eats the guys who like her. The whole thing plays like a bad horror comedy. Fox can't act and has a great difficulty portraying anything remotely believable as the lead. She's nothing more than eye candy here.Amanda Seyfriend fresh from Mamma Mia and the hit show, Big Love, is far better as Jennifer's best friend, appropriately named Needy.The ending, while a shock, sets things up for another film, and I heard a lot of whining from the audience by the time the credits rolled.My advise, wait for this one on DVD, save your money for a better movie.
7 As a big fan of the vampire books by Irish writer Darren Shan I wasn't particularly looking forward to seeing Cirque du Freak: A vampire's assistant. Sometimes you should let a book be a book. And judging by the movie trailers the casting looked all wrong and the main character seemed too boring and too American to my taste. But in the end curiosity won and I went to see it anyway.The vampire saga of Darren Shan consists of 12 books (four trilogies) and aims at kids aged 11-14. None other than JK Rowling was a big fan of this series so comparisons to Harry Potter were made very soon. What the two series have in common is the scope of the story. The tale of Darren Shan also has a Voldemort and a big (but very misty) showdown (in the last book). Like Harry Potter Darren Shan is drawn into a mysterious but exciting new world. Both teenagers must learn to control their power and learn the ways of being a new sort of being (wizard or vampire). So obviously there is a connection. The movie is loosely based on the first trilogy, Vampire Blood. Darren Shan is an ordinary 16 year old teenager with a big fascination for spiders. One day he and his best friend Steve go to a real freakshow, where they meet vampire Larten Crepsley. Steve wants to become a vampire because his life stinks anyway. But Crepsley decides to chose Darren as his vampire student. So Darren fakes his death and moves to the camping ground of the Cirque du Freak. He befriends a snake boy, a monkey girl and a woman with a beard and tries to go on with his (vampire) life. But he soon finds out that the vampire world is on the brink of a full scale war between vampires (the kind that only drinks human blood and takes what it needs) and the Vampaneze (vampires who kill the humans they drink from). And somehow both parties think that Darren is destined to play a big part in this warWatching this movie I tried to forget all the things I knew from the books. And yes, this movie experience turned out to be a very enjoyable one.Chris Massoglia (The Hole) looked miscast at first as Darren Shan. But as the story progresses you can see why he was chosen. His innocence works very well and you can see him develop into the hero he will one day be. In my imagination Larten Crepsley was more serious than the one given us by actor John C. Reilly (Chicago ). But I did enjoy his version of the experienced vampire mentor in the movie. But to me Josh Hutcherson (Journey to the centre of the earth) was best cast as Steve. Steve hates the world and his character will play a major part in the rest of the story (= other books). There's a lot of evil in Steve, but in this movie it remains at the surface. Sort of. As fans of the books all know, he's capable of doing much more damage.The pace of the movie is pretty good: there's a lot to be told here. There's a lot of humour in it (the books were pretty serious) and the voice-over by Darren Shan works very well. Especially the first 20 minutes (with the actual freakshow) were well done. Salma Hayek looks stunning with beard and actually gets more screen time than in the books. Too bad her acting isn't always that convincing. Ken Watanabe is a great Mr. Tall, the boss of Cirque du Freak. He gives the movie a great mysterious quality.Okay, then the bad things. Sometimes the acting and action scenes were bad. Some of the effects looked fake. And the fact that it all ended with an ordinary rumble was a disappointment. The ending seemed very rushed. But what really let me down were the mysterious Mr. Tiny and his army of Little People. In the books Mr. Tiny is a cold hearted man who's so scary and powerful that every word he uses can be felt as a dagger in your heart. But in the movie he's just a silly old bald man who talks too much. His army of Little People – Jawa like creatures he raised from the dead – seemed too computer generated and looked like a pitiful low-budget effort to imitate Gollum. Too bad.But overall I really enjoyed Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant. It's a good introduction to the vampire world of Darren Shan and I sincerely hope that the movie will be so successful that there will be a part 2. Because when Darren, Crepsley and Little Creature Harkat travel to Vampire Mountain , that's when the real fun begins!
7 Wholesome love story. Reminds us to take risks, love, and seize the moment. Great music. Wonderful father/ daughter movie.
7 This movie brings nothing new to the table after Armageddon, Deep impact and other disaster movies.The CGI is amazing, the story is clichéd and the bad guys are easy to spot from the start but it was entertaining.It will not win any Oscar but a good way to pass time.All in all i enjoyed this semi disaster sci fi movie.
7 I never review movies here. All I want to say about this movie is that I was suspicious of this movie from the start. I was almost certain I was going to be turning this off after 5 or 10 minutes. But an hour in and I'm still watching it. I actually paused it to look something up about the movie, and happen to catch some of the reviews.So I read in a few of them that this movie is basically a revenge fantasy for gun nuts(That's an actual quote(paraphrased) from one of the reviews). Well this isn't a spoiler, and I'm only saying it becuase it's only spoken for a second and then forgotten, but the 2 older brothers are rangers. That's all I have to say. The rest of the movie is exactly what would happen if 2 rangers had their sister kidnapped, and they knew where she was.
7 The boys' school in Saint Cloud, a suburb of Paris, run by Michel and Christina Delassale, serves as the background for one of the best suspense thrillers of the French cinema. The school belongs to Christina, but it's Michel who has the last word about everything. This penny pinching man insists in giving his students living at the boarding school the worst food money can buy. Michel is also a man who loves to slap his wife, and his mistress, Nicole Horner, who is a teacher at the school. When we first meet them, Nicole has a swollen eye and wears dark glasses to hide her shame. Obviously, everyone guesses what is really going on between Michel and Nicole, even his wife. Christina is aware of the extra-marital goings on between her husband and his mistress. A strong minded Nicole shows how she dominates the weaker Christine. Nicole, who is fed up with the situation convinces Christina something must be done. She sets things in motion to go to her home town during a brief vacation so that Christina and Nicole attract Michel to come after them as they have a plan of their own about how to deal with his abuses.The women's plan is to bring Michel's body back to the school and dump him in the murky swimming pool, where he would be discovered as drowned by accident, or perhaps his own suicide. When the pool is drained, there is no corpse. When one of Michel's suits is sent from a dry cleaner's the women are dumbfounded. When they go to investigate, the owner hands them a key for a nearby hotel room.Christina, who is a fragile woman with what appears to be a weak heart, feels guilty. When she reads in the newspaper about a drowning victim found on the Seine, she has to find out to see if it's her husband. Of course, the dead man is not Michel, which heightens the mystery. What Christina didn't count on is the retired inspector, Alfred Fichet, who watches her outside the viewing room at the morgue. This man will become the key figure to solving Michel's disappearance. "Les Diaboliques" was Clouzot's triumph because the suspense works until the end. He based his screen play in a novel by Pierre Boileau and Thomas Narcejar, who also served as the basis for "Vertigo". In fact, much has been said about the similarities between the two directors, but it is unfortunate because both men approached their work in different ways. Clouzot hints subtly at perhaps a lesbian relationship between Nicole and Christine as it appears both want to be rid of the horrible Michel.The acting is first rate. Simone Signoret, one of the best and most attractive actresses of her era, makes an earthy Nicole. She is calculating because there is a lot at stake. Vera Clouzot plays Christine as a bundle of nerves because of the gravity of her actions. Paul Meurisse is the evil Michel. Charles Vanet is the old inspector Fichet. Also in the cast, a young Michel Serrault, and the singer Johnny Holiday, who appears uncredited as one of the boys in the school.Henri Georges Clouzot was at the top of his craft and he clearly showed he was a master of suspense, bar none.
7 This is one film that left me with a very sour aftertaste.  Yes, it's animated with character and vigour, and there are some fine -- if over the top -- voice performances.  However, there are some very disturbing aspects to the film.  The first is that it's like nothing so much as watching a 90 minute advert.  Even if merchandising hadn't been released to support the film, all the supporting cast could already by bought in your local toy shop.  I'm sure I wasn't the only viewer who found this more than a little suspect.[Possible spoiler:]The second, perhaps larger, point against the film lies in the characterisation of the two boys, Andy and Sid.  Andy is the "good" boy. He plays safely and passively with his toys, they don't do anything toys wouldn't do.  Sid, the "bad" boy is more creative.  He adapts toys to fit his own vision, he's an innovator, a creator.  It's this very creativity of his that is portrayed as a bad thing.  Sid isn't the ideal target audience for this film: he wouldn't be satisfied with row after row of identical shop-bought toys, he would much rather make his own.  I guess this review is being written for all the Sids out there, who are demonised and vilified by this ultra-corporate nightmare of a film.
7 Although it was only modestly successful in theaters, time has been kind to VERTIGO and now many believe this is Hitchcock's masterpiece. Time was NOT kind to the original prints of the film, and in the mid-1990s Universal Studios put up one million dollars for a two-year restoration of the film. This is covered completely in a fairly fascinating 29-minute extra on the DVD, originally broadcast as an A&E special. The entire original film-making process is covered, the movie was first called "From Among The Dead", and includes current interviews with many principals, including Novak and Bel Geddes, plus the techniques used for the restoration. This special edition DVD should be a must-own for any fan of the film VERTIGO. The sound and picture are just fabulous for a film made in 1957.My review, following, contains certain SPOILERS which are necessary for my summary. Please read no further if you have not seen the film. Watch the film first, you will not be disappointed.The film starts with cops chasing a crook on SF rooftops, Scottie (James Stewart, 49) misses one roof, is hanging high from a gutter, cop returns to offer assistance, but instead falls to his death. This traumatic experience triggers the vertigo in Scottie, makes him unsuited for police work, he quits, and Midge (Barbara Bel Geddes) tells him only another emotional shock will bring him out of it. Midge, an artist, not so secretly wants Scottie, but while they are good friends, he just doesn't love her.Old college friend, wealthy shipbuilding magnate, hires Scottie to follow his wife who had been acting strangely. He meets Madaleine (Kim Novak, 24) and follows her to find that she visits the grave of Carlotta, who died at 25 in 1857, also visits the portrait of Carlotta at the art museum, has "visions" of being in a Spanish mission, all indications are that the dead Carlotta is taking over Madaleine's mind. While following her, saving her from a jump into SF Bay, and keeping her from jumping into the Pacific, Scottie is falling in love with her, the first time he has had such feelings.Scottie feels he needs to take Madeleine to the old mission 100 miles south of SF to free her of this possession, but instead she climbs up the mission bell tower, Scottie is unable to follow quickly enough, his vertigo holding him back, he hears a scream, sees what looks like Madeleine's body falling to the red tile roof below, dead. A quick inquest ruled it a suicide, the friend gets out of shipbuilding, travels, while Scottie tries to get over his great loss, his first ever love, includes a stay in a mental hospital.Not too long after, Scottie sees a woman remarkably similar to Madeleine walking to her residence, a hotel, he follows her, knocks on the door, she is dressed differently, has different color hair, a different personality, speaks differently, and says she is Judy, from Kansas, has lived there 3 years, even shows Scottie her ID to prove it. But Scottie has not gotten over Madeleine, is obsessed with recreating her, asks Judy to dress like her, get her hair colored, all the while Judy just wishes Scottie would like her for who she is, not because she looks like someone else. But she gets completely back to the Madeleine look, same clothes, same hair color.By now we have seen through Judy's flashback what is really going on. The wealthy husband had hired Judy to impersonate his wife, Madeleine, and had set up the incident at the mission so that he could shove the already dead wife off, Scottie would be the manipulated witness that she had climbed the stairs and jumped off, and after being paid off, Judy could resume her life. To her detriment, he also gave her the heirloom, Carlotta's necklace, and her wearing that is what got Scottie suspicious of the whole scheme. He catches on, brings Judy back to the mission, they climb to the bell, a nun approaches to see what is going on, Judy panics and falls to her death on the roof. Scottie no longer was in love with her, feeling lied to and manipulated, he has no emotion, but goes to the edge of the ledge and looks down, his vertigo gone. The emotional shock that Midge spoke of has cured him.The story is a tragedy of two lives that only through misfortune become intertwined, Scottie's and Judy's. He is not young, now retired, and had never found true love. In Madeliene he thinks he found it, only to be shocked then disillusioned when the full truth came out. When Judy died, he was back where the film started. Maybe Midge was the one after all. Judy was very flawed, enough to participate in a murder plot and feel no apparent guilt over it. All she wanted was to be loved by Scottie, but a relationship built on fraud has no chance, especially since Scottie was an honest man.James Stewart is known for his ability to play an "everyman" character, and is superb as Scottie. Kim Novak is a bigger mystery. She was not the first choice for the role, received it virtually by default, but after watching the movie it is hard to imagine anyone else playing the dual roles of Madeleine and Judy, she pulls it off so well. A big bonus is her commentary on the making-of extra, seeing her after all these years. She was only 24 when Vertigo was filmed, but she looked 40, a glamorous and beautiful 40. Actresses today who are 24 often still play teenagers. How things have changed in the movies!
7 From the first few minutes on "Beerfest" heads straight into debauchery without making any excuses for it. However, this movie is closer to classic National Lampoon movies such as "Animal House" or "European Vacation" than to the vulgar sex-comedies that have been so popular ever since "American Pie". Make no mistake, "Beerfest" is full of nudity, dick jokes and all kinds of deliberate lowbrow humor. The difference to aforementioned sex-comedies is that "Beerfest"'s stupidity is much more self-aware and also aimed at an audience that understands this and can laugh about it from one step away. Or to make it sound less pretentious: this comedy has a lot of heart. When Germans are merely primitive giants in this movie it's clear that this is a comedic stereotype that must not be taken seriously by any means. The Germans and the depiction of German traditions is really the highlight of this movie.Like Broken Lizard's previous theatrical adventure "State Troopers" this one is mindless, silly fun with a great cast, but all in all "Beerfest" is the better movie. Not a classic, but very enjoyable.
7 Gore Verbinski, the man who gave us the first "Ring" movie, the "Pirates of the Caribbean" franchise, "Rango," and "The Lone Ranger" is now back with this Hitchcockian Gothic psychological thriller designed to keep you guessing till the very end. Even though its final 20 minutes somewhat go off the rails a bit, overall A CURE FOR WELLNESS is stunning, bold and hypnotic.Dane DeHaan plays an ambitious young executive, Lockhart, sent to retrieve his company's missing CEO who's decided to stay at a remote wellness center in the Swiss Alps. What is supposed to be an easy assignment turns into a journey of slowly but surely uncovering the center's dark past, uncovering the real reasons as to why the guests keep staying there, longing for the cure, as Lockhart himself starts to question his own sanity.You will fall in love with the cinematography by DP Bojan Bazelli. Even if you're not a fan of mystery or suspense, Bazelli's cinematography for "A Cure For Wellness' will leave you floored, the word breathtaking doesn't even begin to fairly describe it. There are shots through the tunnel, around the castle, and even during some of the film's most disturbing moments, they draw you in, gorgeous in every possible way. And the fact that they actually filmed a big chunk on location at Castle Hohenzollern in Germany does help because the place becomes a supporting role.Ever since "Chronicle," Dane DeHaan has been an actor that's caught my attention because I do believe that this rising star has what it takes to be great, A CURE FOR WELLNESS allows him to showcase a tease of that potential. His performance reminds me of Leo DiCaprio's in "Shutter Island" and Jack Nicholson's in "The Shining" where to a certain extent, you're not certain if they'd eventually cross that line or remain on this side of the fence. A CURE FOR WELLNESS is trippy, it's intriguing, it's filled with all kinds of odd imagery, it's definitely not for the faint of heart. It's a sensory experience type of a film, the kind that also evokes all sorts of questions about society and what it means to live well and the ambition for purity. But again, as I said earlier, the final 20 minutes do go off the rails a bit, by that time the film feels like it runs longer than it should and furthermore it gets ruined by its desire to leave us on a happy note. A CURE FOR WELLNESS will find its audience, but it's an acquired taste.
7 Let's face it. Somehow this thing got legitimized by using more expensive film and hi tech movie equipment. I can just see the guys sitting there drooling because this is somehow a mainstream movie. "Look, dear. This is an art film like the ones you are always talking about. I really don't see anything more than a bunch of explicit sex which I could pick up at any adult movie outlet if I wanted to. Of course, it could have been redeemed if there had been something new about it. The problem is that it is just plain boring. The characters are tiresome and unappealing. The plot is virtually nonexistent. Yes, there is a bit of decent cinematography, but even that is pretentious and "artsy." It takes away the simple presentation of the story (such as it is), and when these flashy scenes show up, they are just such obvious eye candy. Don't bother.
7 For a scary shark flick I found it totally worked. Of course the intro, party scene & boys are what you'd expect for this genre, and had me wondering if I'd make it to the end due to all the cliché.But it did take off from there nicely, had some genuine holy f*ck moments, a good pacing and had me wondering all the way if the girls would make it to the end...The camera work was great and the sharks well done (a bit too aggressive for total realism, but hey). The ending was also original, for once!Compared to The Shallows, I'd say it's equally solid in terms of entertainment value and getting the viewer hooked until the end.Overall a solid 7 in my book.
7 It's quite possible that they cast Kevin Hart and Dwayne Johnson just to make "Little Hart, Big Johnson" pun. As far as buddy cop goes, this contrasting nature can provide some chuckles, however the espionage them might not hit all the marks. Still, there are significant amount of scenes where laughter is secured by sheer timely body language and jokes alone.Dwayne Johnson plays as Bob, a CIA agent who tries to reach out to his old friend. This escalates into a chase for secret files and national security. The way Bob is presented relies heavily on juvenile gag and demeanor despite his imposing physique, this is fun at first but it hampers the credibility as an agent. The movie wants to add some bullying subplot which is commendable, although it doesn't have the depth to accommodate it.Kevin Hart is excellent in creating reactions and gestures. He's surprisingly identifiable with high school nostalgia and occasional self-doubt. Many of the good moments come from his outbursts and babbling. The script has a few nifty pop references and sometimes even witty gags, so the comedy is not just slapstick throughout and undermines the "intelligence" in the title.There are serious undertones of adult life or self-acceptance even though they are not fully fleshed out. Action is pretty light, it's passable without being too demanding. The most important thing is it's enjoyable. Sure, there are a few awkward moments, yet they make the best out of it to present a light humorous spectacle, a better buddy cop gimmick than expected.
7 As several other reviewers have stated here, Spotlight is a "solid" film. There is absolutely no fault with the actors, who all acquit themselves very well, and the movie itself never drags.However, there's really no character in the movie whom the audience can latch onto. It's a terrific ensemble, but the fault, I think, lies in trying to give everyone in the ensemble an equal part in the story. Without making it about one person (whether a reporter or a victim), the emotional impact falls very, very short.What the viewer is left with is a general notion of, "It's shocking that went on for so long and the church kept covering it up," but zero emotional investment and reaction. Unless you have a personal identification with any of the elements in this story, I think you will remain similarly aloof in regards to this film.
7 When I first heard that Beautiful Creatures (the novel) was going to be adapted into a movie, I was hesitant to see it, due to the fact that the trailers were absolutely horrible. I'm just glad that the movie focused on a lot more than a supernatural romance, because that's only one of many interesting and complicated plot lines. Despite the fact that the LA Times and the NY Times gave the flick great reviews, a bunch of lesser-known critics were much harsher on it. After reading some of these reviews, I was shocked to see how biased and silly some of the comments were. It was clear that these were people that walked in to the theater expecting Twilight and were too self-conscious about praising a teen movie to say that it wasn't. Twilight is all about the romance. Beautiful Creatures has a big Romeo and Juliet thing going on, but at the same time, there's mysteries, prophesies, hypocrisy, Southern politics, Civil War history, religion, death, evil forces, and all sorts of madness making for quite an interesting story (with some very witty and sarcastic dialogue to put a cherry on top). Other people that read the book were likewise upset, because they thought it strayed too much from the source material. The only MAJOR change made was about 3/4 of the way through the movie, and the end result was still the same as the book. The reason why the writer did this was for the sake of TIME. If he hadn't made that change, the movie would have dragged on for three hours as oppose to rapping itself up nicely at two.I thought the acting was good as well, and Alden Ehrenreich and Alice Englert had nice chemistry as Ethan and Lena. Of course, Jeremy Irons, Emma Thompson, and Viola Davis gave great performances, but that comes as no surprise. Emmy Rossum as the wicked siren, Ridley, was fabulous, and Thomas Mann was hilarious as Link. I especially loved Thompson's twisted character-she played a crazy Republican fundamentalist named Mrs. Lincoln, who gets possessed by Sarafine Duchannes, the most powerful Dark Caster alive. As Sarafine, her performance was definitely "Dark", bridging on psychotic. Not what I was expecting, but I liked it. However, I thought some of the other actors, like the girls that played the Barbie cheerleaders, were horrible. There is a way to portray phony people and there is a way to pull off a satire while still keeping it believable. Besides plot and acting, I loved the costumes and set. They were very beautifully done and really captured the gorgeous yet creepy atmosphere of the story. In addition, the effects were cool-nothing to die over, but they served their purpose. Lastly, I thought the soundtrack was awesome and very different. The mix of classical, blues, country, and alternative music worked great with the film.Overall, I think the movie is an 8 out of 10. It's not amazing, but it is entertaining, interesting, and something I recommend seeing.
7 Recipe for "Waterworld":1)  Take "The Road Warrior."  Add water.2) Replace Mel Gibson with Kevin Costner (which would be about like removing Errol Flynn from "Robin Hood" and replacing him with... well, Kevin Costner).3)  Give the Feral Kid a sex change operation and some manners, taking care to swap his lethal boomerang for a box of crayons.4)  Take the Gyro Captain out of his copter and put him into a balloon. 5)  Stir in generous but subtle portions of liberal eco-propaganda: without using the term "global warming," have it understood that the world is flooded because of something awful "the ancients" did. 6)  Add a dash of oil by making the villains a marauding gang of oilmongers living in a certain famous oil tanker.  7)  Add a simultaneously anti-religious AND anti-technological zest by making sure the villains' leader (Dennis Hopper) has a pseudo-religious name (the Deacon) and gives "sermons" about "progress" and "development." 8)  Add a smoky flavor by calling the villains "Smokers," not only because of their use of speedboats and jet-skis, but because of their consumption of cigarettes, which were Clinton's drug menace du jour at the time.  (Exactly where these cigarettes come from, in a submerged world where no tobacco grows and paper is viewed with awe, is anybody's guess.)9)  Finally, add a pinch of Oriental spice by having the tattoo-map to Dryland rendered in Asian ideographic characters--another implied rebuff to "evil" Western culture.10)  Set oven temperature to 450 degrees and incinerate $175 million.
7 Eastwood is never trivial or corny. This could have been an american flag waving hero film (some people see it that way anyway) but in fact it's about a normal guy that has been treated not so well in life by the authorities but at the end has his day and becomes what he always wanted to be: someone that saves lives. It's about life. Not flags. For example, it's interesting when the guys are corrected by the german tourist operator saying that Hitler was under attack by the Russians and NOT the Americans when he killed himself. You can't always be the hero when evil is defeated. I don't see flag waving here.
7 I know Ethan Hawke used to starring in a lot of action movie but he never strike the lead action hero in my eyes until i saw 24 Hours to Live.His always sad and tired face intentional or unintentional make he fit the role perfectly that add a lot of emotional into the cliché dialogue.The movie is pure action from start to finish make it a good Saturday night flick when you lazy to go out.The ending is terrible btw
7 This movie could not have been made and it would not have made any difference honest, it brings absolutely nothing new to the Texas chainsaw legacy.Its far better then the last 2, i was very surprised at the graphic violence and the gore, this is the most gory TCM of the series.Now i don't know who writes these movies but they should get there act together, Leather face went from wearing human skin mask because of 2003 skin disease, 1974 he was mental and now 2017 because he got disfigured by a bullet......Also where was the family cop that we see in all the movies? they sort of edited him out, and last but not least the family always changes with new member so its kind of weird from one movie to the other.This movie should be seen as pure entertainment if you like gore and graphic violence this as it all the people in this movie are all sick and as expected no one survives and the justice is never truly seen.
7 This is something different.And even though it's not exactly the old Disney you know and love,its actually something you would actually enjoy.I'm a 20 something year old who still watches kids shows.I absolutely love this show,and even though the jokes aren't the best or aren't executed in a funny way all the time,its still exciting to watch and see where the story goes.I was immediately drawn to it when I just saw the name,and I've been watching ever since.So It's not exactly the good old Disney,but it's better than the other garbage shows,like Liv and Maddie,Best Friends Whenever,Bizaardvark to name a few.
7 Wow, what an intensely suspenseful film Prisoners was. The film commences with a naturalistic and peaceful look of a suburban neighborhood, leafless trees calmly swaying along with the cool air that encompass them. All is fine, and a perfectly normal family visits their friends/neighbors for a delightful dinner and some music. Everything is fine and dandy until both family's two kids run off to retrieve a toy they left outside. After pleasant conversation, the two families begin to realize that their kids haven't gotten back yet. The noiseless environment around them feels incredibly unusual, and once they realize that their kids have officially gone missing, chaos breaks loose. We are suddenly presented with a ruthless father (played by Hugh Jackman) who loves his daughter so much that he's willing to transcend any morally difficult obstacles to hopefully locate her. A spectacular cast, ranging from the likes of Hugh Jackman to Jake Gyllenhaal to Viola Davis and Terrence Howard, create such a chilling atmosphere that everyone in the audience immediately notices the discomforting subject matter as they prepare for a disturbing viewing. One should know prior to visiting the movie theater that this film doesn't feature morally perfect individuals. They are all human beings cast into an unbelievably frightening situation, and this is where larges amounts of debate will stir. There's one side of the audience that will persistently detest the characters' actions and the characters themselves, and there's the other side (which I am proudly a part of) that will essentially understand that people can't possibly (always) be the "goody-two-shoes" heroes, perceived in Hollywood blockbusters, in reality- that, by god, I will partake morally and ethically questionable activities to save a precious, loved one, absolutely! Such conversation/argument is healthy for it proves the memorability factor of the film itself. After you witness the terrifically-crafted picture, you will find enjoyment in discussing the movie's events with friends and family with- eventually- two sides forming over the talk. And holy crap is Hugh Jackman entirely convincing in his performance. You can see the longing to find his sweet, innocent daughter through his miserable eyes, filled with redness, desperation, and anger. Then, there's Jake Gyllenhaal as the second lead, playing an ambitious cop who holds a very impressive resume: no unsolved cases left under his plate. Can that mean his skill will greatly help in this predicament? On a similar note, Paul Dano takes the prize after Hugh Jackman for another wonderful performance. No offense or anything, but he completely fits into these immensely creepy and eerie roles. Speaking of, the soundtrack will definitely remain in that shocked mind of yours long after you've left the theater because it fills us with a sense of hopelessness and discomfort. At times, it sounds exceptionally ominous with the disconcerting sound of those violins in play. At others, it sounds like the music weeps for all those involved. The pace never seems to drag even though it clocks in at around 150 minutes as you remain at the edge of seat the entire time, utterly perplexed by everything that's transpiring and wholly befuddled by the choices that these people are making. The film will make you cringe and question the humanity of the participants or the competence of our law (that word could mean two things). Although I was slightly disappointed with the end result, the majority of the film strongly intrigued me. And, oh, how could I forget, the cinematography is simply amazing. Roger Deakins, the brilliant cinematographer behind last year's Skyfall, manages the camera-work of this film as well. As one wise critic said, a drive in the rain never felt so disquieting- a moment of foreboding. Furthermore, I would not recommend skipping out on Prisoners unless you're of the type that prefers more lighthearted and fun movies like The Avengers. If you love films that explore more than just entertainment and "fun," such as important themes and moral ambiguity as a whole, you cannot go wrong with Prisoners. With a mix of top-notch cinematography, remarkably unsettling music, superb performances, and a thrilling/powerful story, Prisoners will definitely be one of this year's features that I'll surely be remembering. The true cinema season has started; now, let's hope every film from here on out delivers like this one did.
7 Caught an early screening of this movie and LOVED it. Hilarious from start to finish. Don't let the trailer fool you, I had the lowest expectations of this movie based on it and I ended up laughing hysterically from start to finish. The entire theater was in stitches as m. Overall a great R rated comedy with a few raunchy moments balanced out by some heartwarming ones, and some very positive/progressive messages.
7 From a world of Adam Sandler making nonstop netflix trash comes a film you will actually enjoy. The film really captures cringe comedy.
7 When Jaws was released in 1975, I don't think audiences knew what hit them. People were scared to death to go into the waters and Jaws became the very first summer blockbuster. As set by example by later Hollywood, it made money, WE NEED A SEQUEL. Well, Jaws 2 was an actual book, but why not capitalize on it's success? Jaws 2 actually is a decent movie, I don't know why this film is so picked on. I think because it does have a bit of a slow start, but the ending is fantastic. This was one of the first times we saw good looking teenagers terrorized. Arguably yes, it's silly to think the shark would come back for a second bite, but why not just let go and have a good time with this one? I went back for seconds and still like this movie.Once again, Mayor Vaughn doesn't share Brody's belief that the town has another shark problem and warns him not to do something hasty. The following day, while Brody is in an observation tower, he sees a large shadow produced by a school of bluefish, which he mistakes for a shark. In his haste, Brody orders everyone out of the water and fires his gun, causing a panic. The town council fire Brody for the beach incident, with Mayor Vaughn being the only one to vote against dismissal. The next morning, Mike sneaks out and goes sailing with his friends, but has to take his young brother Sean along to stop him telling his parents about Mike's trip. But as they sail on the waters, the shark decides it's time for some afternoon lunch and terrorizes the teens. Martin realizes with his sons missing, they may be in trouble and goes to save them and their friends.Does the movie have it's flaws; yes. The acting is alright and the plot is a bit silly. The beginning is a bit slow and the story isn't as interesting as the first film with intelligent adults as clearly this was made more for the scare and bringing back old characters for the fans. Not to mention that the boat scene was a bit sloppy where the dumb woman is grabbing a bottle of gasoline to light the shark on fire I'm assuming but looses her balance and dumps it on herself and proceeds to shoot a flare gun! Yeah, she had it coming. There is a really bad mistake caught on film when the shark reaches in to bite Michael, Jaws scraps it's mouth on the boat and the mouth bends as if it was plastic, lol. But one of the things I like about the film is that it still does give a good scare with the teenagers. Especially when Marge has to save Shawn out of the water and she can't get back up on the boat and keeps slipping, as you see Jaws going after her and it just breaks your heart when Shawn witnesses her death. Also I have a guilty pleasure for the actor Keith Gordon(Christine, All that Jazz, and Back to School), this was one of his first films and he does a very good job. The cast seemed to really click and did a good job working together. Plus you have to love how "marine" Martin Brody gets when he faces down Jaws for his last time and goes for that money shot. Jaws 2 is definitely flawed, but honestly a fun film that too many people judge harshly. I think it's just a fun popcorn flick that you need to let go and just have a good time when sequels had good intentions.7/10
7 Nerfed superheroes both mentally and physically allow this plot line to continue a lot longer than it should.No sense of urgency. A casual walking pace, the inclusion of romantic interests in an attempt to give a bland movie some emotion feels extremely forced. Wooden acting.*spoilers not in any particular order*Heimdall transports Bruce to earth and not loki who had the tesseract or Thor.Gamora does not want Thanos to get a hold of her...runs directly to Thanos and engages him in battle knowing fully well she is nowhere near strong enough. There's about 3 of us here but let's go to Thanos and take the fight to him despite us knowing nothing of his home planet and what awaits them. Doctor Strange agrees to this blatantly, in Star lords words, bad plan which makes 0 sense. The stone curses red skull into becoming a wise dementor instead of killing himSoul stone is blood thirsty. Oh no there's only one outcome where we win and it involves the worst leader of all time Iron Man (-_-)Doctor Strange doesn't once use the time gem to battle Thanos. Thanos even says that but being self aware doesn't mean it's fine.They almost have the gauntlet off Thanos and Star Lord is about to ruin everything. Iron man decides to gently and politely ask him not to mess this up and to hold it in a little longer like a lil good boy instead of physically holding him off. They don't want to slice his arm off to remove the gauntletDoctor Strange gives up the time gem because it's the only way and that makes senseThere are at trillion nerves here but I shall remove the ones that link to the gem manually....We must sacrifice lives to save vision but we do not trade a life for a lifeGeneric horde army.They're about to go round the shield which covers the back as well.....OPEN THE SHIELD Hulk you wanna come out to play. Like a bratty teenager NOOOOOO.Where's the handle where's the handle......you make a very bad blacksmith Peter.Captain America says somethings happening and to group up on his location. Everyone except Thor with his axe is there for Thanos's arrival.Thanos is very reluctant to kill anyone before the end.Slow mo falling heroes is hilariousThe deaths seem painless yet Spiderman: I don't feel so wellBlack Panther: Get up this is no place to die..... did they want you to say something so badly before you went poof that they gave you that nonsense to say.No stakes movie because everything is going to be reversed.******I was not entertained or satisfied by the end of the movie.
1 Some times we respect an actor not for his acting but his roles that he played like when in Armageddon movie we fell in love with Bruce Willis in titanic Leo and so on. same with all those who have watched Al Pacino's Scar face and Godfather best classics of all time . but was he a great actor maybe , can he do all roles may be but can he do roles at age of 77 not so much . He has a wonderful time and carrier people, directors should not drag him more they are tarnishing his legacy . In this movie they were trying to show him as all knowing and all great but they did a bad job and he did not had energy left to react as the director would have liked it to be . lead actor was very bad and there was very less information to where the story started , Writer was perhaps the worst writer ever. story did not made any sense what so ever. And i don't know if some girl who would write a story on police should be that involved but damn she was in. over all very sad movie both heroes were my favorite but it was hard to watch it.
1 If like me, you were dazzled by this year's "Babel", you will likely be as curious as I was to check out the first film in director Alejandro Gonzalez Iñárritu's trilogy about death. Similar in narrative structure to "Babel", this viscerally shattering 2000 movie carries three overlapping stories tied together by a defining car accident. Written with dramatic precision by Guillermo Arriaga (who later wrote the other two films in the trilogy, "21 Grams" and "Babel"), all three take place within the different social strata of Mexico City, and as the title implies (English translation: "Love's a Bitch"), dogs are intriguingly pivotal to each story. Also like "Babel", the various interconnections among the stories do not come across as contrived but rather as emotional resonant in a gradually revelatory manner. Even though the movie runs an epic length of 153 minutes, it consistently holds your attention.The first plot line, "Octavio and Susana", is about a love triangle that occurs between young Octavio, his abusive older brother Ramiro and Ramiro's wife Susana. Dog fighting is common sport in their downscale neighborhood, and the brothers own a rottweiler that's a natural aggressor in the fight pit. Octavio sees the dog as his meal ticket to steal Susana away from Ramiro and escape to Juarez. The second story, "Daniel and Valeria", focuses on Daniel, a married, guilt-ridden TV producer who buys a fancy new condo for him to live with his tempestuous supermodel girlfriend Valeria. Their relationship unravels in light of the car accident, and further complications occur when her little dog is trapped underneath the floorboards. The third story, "El Chivo and Maru", is about former political revolutionary El Chivo who has years ago left his family and became a hit man for hire. Living in squalor with a herd of homeless dogs, he is recruited by a businessman to kill his partner, both of whom turns out to be brothers. The integration of these stories is handled with supple dexterity in a non-linear fashion that allows the viewer to peel off the layers of the characters in order to understand their common dilemmas.Unbelievably, this powderkeg of a film represents Iñárritu's feature film debut as a director, and his confidence and audacity are felt throughout although the third episode seems too deliberate a pastiche of "Pulp Fiction". He has assembled a superb cast with Emilio Echevarría the standout as the grizzled El Chivo, a scarifying vagrant who reveals himself to be a troubled soul who is the only one who successfully escapes his trying existence. In his first major role, Gael García Bernal portrays Octavio with escalating emotional fervor; and as Susana and Ramiro, Vanessa Bauche and Marco Pérez provide powerful support. Together, they generate a palpable sense of imminent violence throughout their episode. Goya Toledo makes a vivid impression as Valeria, fully capturing her spoiled character's misplaced sense of entitlement, while Alvaro Guerrero affectingly humanizes the put-upon Daniel's increasing regret. Just as he would prove later with "The Motorcycle Diaries", "Brokeback Mountain" and "Babel", Rodrigo Prieto showcases superbly evocative cinematography that is in keeping with the emotional shadings of the story.The 2001 DVD provides a surprising number of extras beginning with an informative, often meticulous commentary track by Iñárritu and Arriaga (spoken in Spanish and subtitled in English). There are three quick featurettes. The first is a six-minute short that shows how the numerous dogs used in the film were trained and protected during the production. Considering how realistically violent the dog fighting scenes are, I find this short helpfully reassuring. The second is the standard, making-of featurette, about fifteen minutes long. Even though Iñárritu seems to be promoting the film as well as explaining the genesis of it, there is good behind-the-scenes footage, including some interesting table readings from the cast. This leads to one quick short about the staging of the car accident itself. Also included are about a dozen deleted scenes, totaling about fifteen minutes, which actually help provide context in understanding some of the characters' motivations. There are also three music videos from the movie's soundtrack, which is a dramatically effective mix of Mexican and Spanish rock-rap tracks.
1 This film is a classic example of a studio's desire to make money. The first one did so well, over a billion dollars world wide, that they felt they had to make a sequel. Well, guess what studio! It will take a miracle for this film to make as much as the first one. Overall the film was terrible. The story was terrible. The acting was terrible. In fact, to me it seemed as if they dumbed down the characters. The characters, including Alice, were not very likable. The best scene in the movie is the opening scene. In this scene Alice is portrayed as smart, daring, brave, and a strong leader. Then she gets to wonderland and she suddenly makes a lot of decisions without really thinking them through and they aren't good. The special effects. I don't know that I would call the special effects terrible, but they were definitely over done. Cinematography, not impressed. The occasional close facial shot is nice, but this film has way too many. In the end, it was a WASTE OF TIME! Not only a waste of my time, but a waste of the studio's time. It took them six years to make this film. They clearly did not use their time wisely. I recommend the studio executives re-watch this film, assuming they have already seen it. Perhaps it will teach them how valuable time is.
1 THIS WILL BE A SPOILER FREE REVIEW! (Except for the ending, but don't mind, i will warn you) First of all, excuse me for my writing, i'm not a native English speaker.So, i got the "chance" to see the oldboy remake yesterday in a sneak preview. I left the cinema shaking of anger, and i wasn't the only one. Maybe my rating of 1 is a bit to harsh, maybe i would have given it a 3 if i didn't know the original, but i did, and i had to compare the 2. And in that comparison the movie is just an insult.The original was incredible poetic (especially in its visuals and its dialogue)and had an incredible good script. The characters were super plausible and likable. In the remake everything that was special about the original got lost.The poetic overall tone from the original is absolutely lost and got replaced by pure clichés. So there's nothing to win on the aesthetic side The plot twists where also changed from the original, but here is the big problem: They don't work!! The characters are totally unlikeable and their relationship feels so incredible forced and constructed. The final twist is so incredibly dumb because the motivation of the bad guy to do the things he does just doesn't seem to be anywhere near realistic (and is a shame if you know why the original "villain" did the things he does). I will explain this later, but i have to spoil the hell out of it to do so.Another thing that made this movie bad where the action scenes. Some of them were pretty brutal and seemed a bit out of place. But the worst are the scenes that they took from the original (if you know the original i think you can guess which one i mean). I couldn't get rid of the feeling that they wanted to satisfy the fans from the original by "adding" classic scenes, but they just do it way worse. Especially the one legendary scene from the original feels so brutally out of place. They forced it to be there cause they thought it HAD to be there.So, if you don't know the original movie, just go watch this one instead, even as a standalone film oldboy isn't good cause it builds on relationship and charactermotivations that totally felt forced and driven by clichés.If you're a fan of the original avoid this movie at any costs cause it will only make you angry... i even shouted a loud "F*** YOU!!!" to the screen and got applause for it. Trust me, its healthier for your blood pressure to not watch this movie.And now some little extra explanations with BIG SPOILERS!!!He knows about his daughter the whole time!! He sees a TV-show about his case where they interview his daughter, so he knows how she looks. But once he is released they tell him that they captured his daughter so his biggest motivation is to find his daughter (they only tell him if he can explain why they imprisoned him)!! So his major motivation is to find his daughter and not just to solve the puzzle!! Well, not my kind of change (i don't know... it kinda felt pretty cliché the villain really felt like a bad villain, while in the original he was just one mysterious, but kinda human, guy), but okay why not. At least i wanted to know the ending, so there was a reason not to leave the cinema.Now the twist: The TV Show was staged and the woman he fell in love with during his revenge was actually his daughter. Not a bad change, but the real problem is that NO ONE is actually interested in their love! The whole story point that they fell in love with each other was so incredibly bad executed!! It just felt like the biggest cliché of the movie, they absolutely wanted a love story in the movie (cause hey... there must be a love story in every movie, must it?!). But it absolutely doesn't feel real!! So just nobody seemed interested in that plot twist!!! And why did they do this? Cause the whole family of the villain got raped by their father! And Josh Brolin saw how his sister had sex... he didn't even knew that this was her father. He just told a few people that she had sex!! And then the father decided to kill the whole family... WHY?!!! No one knew that it was her father... no one could knew!!! So the villain is not the loving brother from the original, its a sick guy that got raped and now want josh brolin to feel the love he felt!!! REALLY?!!! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!!!! In the original the whole thing was an incredibly sad story build around a small fault with a big impact the main character did once... And the whole story felt human and realistic! And now we have a dehumanized psychopath with weird motivation that forces us into a final plot twist we are absolutely not interested in!!This is not a remake, this is a disrespecting insult to the original. I hope that people will not associate oldboy with this movie and will instead go watch the original
1 Spring Breakers is a film that'a shear intention is to tick anyone off who wastes 9.50 on it at the local theater. The acting is extremely under-par, the story line isn't really that good, the constant repeat of the same scenes over and over gives the movie a budget film feel, and quite frankly it makes you wonder if the producers made this movie for someone with downs. James Franco has forever been banned from my film collection for even agreeing to do this movie let alone the horrible acting he did in it. I've never given a film 1 star before... But believe me, spring breakers earned it. I highly recommend seeing this when they throw it on Netflix in the coming months just to see what this generation deems a "6 out of 10" or above. America, we have serious problems.
1 Terrible story! Woeful acting! This coming from a viewer that can usually put a positive spin on a lot of mediocre movies. This has no redeeming qualities and the plot hole are bigger than the final monster. Just watch the first one again, or Transformers, or Rampage if you want to see big robots and monsters fighting.
1 I'm very disappointed and this rating reflects my disappointment. It could have been so much better, easily. First, it's as if there's no obstacles the characters couldn't overcome by snapping their fingers. It's just too easy for the Joker and Batman to do all what they do. It seems the writers didn't want to be bothered by realism and it's one of the main reasons I didn't feel involved or excited at all. Batman pulls out technological rabbits out of his hat to move the plot forward - it's contrived and not entertaining. The Joker sets bombs anywhere he wants without facing any obstacles. His team of super terrorists can fill a whole hospital with explosives in a few minutes after it has been evacuated - or was it before? Anyway we don't see them setting up anything, everything is done off-screen and it goes into action without any kind of dramatic buildup. How did his gang do this or that? Doesn't matter cause there's an explosion coming soon. *YAWN* The Joker starts with a small gang but in only a few days or so it seems he builds a big organization capable of operating rapidly without flaws - a group we are told made up of many schizos and psychos from Arkham Asylum, as if they had all been released all of a sudden to join him and moreover in doing so became hyperobedient and hypercompetent robbers / explosive experts / terrorists / etc. Yeah. Right. As if running a criminal organization made up of Arkham inmates would be a piece of cake. It would have been so much more REALISTIC and ENTERTAINING to see the Joker having to deal with nutty and sometimes incompetent henchmen and we the viewers doubting whether or not he would succeed and yet pulling it off and laughing all the way up to the last confrontation. Instead he surfs on the action, survives all kinds of explosions and crashes and moves around as if Gotham City was butter and he a hot knife. *YAWN* Second, the style & editing of the movie was mediocre at best. You would think the Joker's first meeting with the mob would have something of a tension. Here we are introduced to Batman's no.1 enemy and he tells them they have to kill the Dark Knight. But the way it was shot the scene was cold, he simply goes in, makes a few enemies and leaves. And next The Joker invites himself to Bruce Wayne's party to kidnap Harvey Dent and he simply comes in, Voilà!, without facing any obstacles, there's no buildup, no dramatic crescendo, the pace stays the same, we get lots of quick shots, a constantly moving camera and even one or two 360 degrees around Joker and Rachel as if this was some kind of music video. There's nothing, no tension. And it went downhill from there, like a typical dumb action movie. Explosion, car chase, car chase, explosion, fight, car chase, explosion. Can't you guys come up with something original? And those action scenes aren't even well made. *YAWN* Why? After all you had an ace, The Joker, he should have had some cool crazy ideas to cause mayhem... but he didn't. He lacked the charisma that should be in such a character. Not that Ledger is bad but the character he plays has nothing special. He's cold, predictable and not funny. In Tim Burton's movie the man isn't just some psycho killer, you know early in the movie he's going to do his crimes with style and that he has surprises in his bag. He's a bit silly but you don't know what to expect from him - he's fun to watch. In TDK he neither has style nor surprises, HE JUST BLOWS THINGS UP WITH DETONATORS and he's not even having fun. Bbbooorrriiiinnnggg.I think a lot of people don't see all the big flaws of the movie because they like the characters and the themes. I like Batman, the lone vigilante fighting crime in his city and his struggle to retain his morality while confronting the worst criminals, I like Harvey Dent's character and the Joker trying to turn Dent into a madman like him to ruin his crusade against crime and I liked the Joker trying to corrupt the people of Gotham and turn them into murderers ...BUT THE MOVIE STINKS I really wanted TDK to be good, good at least like half of Batman Begins is, I wanted to leave the theater with a big smile on my face but I left the theater feeling cheated because I wanted to see a cool movie and I didn't, I saw a lame piece of crap. There was no climax, no great scenes, no drama, no tension, no substance, only over the top action scenes we have already seen elsewhere. This movie itself isn't a 1 out of 10 but I'm so disappointed by it that it deserves its 1
1 I don t know what is harder to believe : the inability of the detectives to arrive BEFORE the murders or the extraordinary effort of the killer to hang those bodies God knows how...May be for TV... Not the same as The collector, that WAS good.I agree that Pacino just did it to pay his bills. Well, it is entertaining nevertheless...
1 This is a harsh review but exactly how I feel a few hours after watching it - unhappy and depressed! I looked at the front cover of the DVD in tesco, it looked fun, was £3 and promised lots with some of the best comedy actors in the business, I was excited to see it, I love Sandler, Buscemi, Rock, James and Schneider...then......Two hours later... I was wondering whether to hang myself or convince myself that times have changed and this is what comedy is now. This film is without a doubt one of the unfunniest funny films ever.There can be no real spoilers for there is no real plot - that's okay though, some films without plot are some of the best ever made - but this is just badly written and it's one of those films where every scene you're watching: you're thinking to yourself "Well, my Nan could have made that scene funnier" (by writing it, not starring in it!) I've turned away from Hollywood before and if this is the new future of comedy then count me and millions of others out.Is this the final nail in the coffin of the career of Adam Sandler? Maybe! But when 'Men in Black 3' is funnier than the latest Sandler film then you know that something has gone terribly wrong. This has actually been £3 wasted and I've never said that about a film before.If you want a film to make you go "huh, that was kinda comical" three or four times in a tedious two hour sitting then this is it, if you want to have a good laugh and feel good about yourself after - head off elsewhere!
1 After witnessing what can only be described as a 'car crash' of a movie, I was surprised to find so many glowing reviews?! However, clicking onto the majority of these profiles reveals they are new members whose accounts were coincidentally created around the time of the films release, or appear to be used to push specific movie titles with a political agenda. Why? This is a Movie Database not a platform for terrible politics.One of them even goes so far as to mention her son by name (and highlights this) in every review, regardless of whether or not he saw the film.Anyway, The movie is terrible, technically it is average looking and it would be hard to fault the quality of the medium, given that most people have HD built into their smartphone now.Each scene was as desperate as it was cringe-worthy, using every common, overplayed cliché and trope from last year. People getting covered in urine is not comedy, And I think it's fair to say the ignorantly confident and 'sassy' girl power thing has been done to death. The story failed to convey any moral or real emotional weight. Uncomfortably, the cast was almost entirely and purposely 'Blackwashed' with the exception of some 90's Spike Lee style reverse tokens if you look hard enough. Just why? Shameful.
1 Are there any men left to play the lead. Alan Cumming is not strong enough to carry this. He's supposedly the star......not!This is a formula show with weak casting. Don't waste your time.Disappointed.
1 OMG.... This movie is just plain...TERRIBLE! SPOILER ALERTFirstly, that whole dance/choreography thing was just...plain...dumb. Had zero tie in to the event and made very very little (if any) contribution to the movie.Secondly, the planning and execution of the raid was minimalized at best. And the whole depiction of the raid from landing on was just a joke. There must have been zero research done on this real event or the producer just decided to chuck factual correctness and credibility in the trash can. No emphasis on just how secret this whole operation had to be from planning to practice to execution. And the whole discussion between the commando and his girlfriend about the operation was downright ludicrous. They were ALL sworn to severe secrecy so as not to jeopardize the mission.The way the movie depicted the C-130s all lit up during and after landing at Entebbe was ridiculous. They landed lights out and all the way to touchdown and were preparing for the runway lights to be snuffed out anytime by suspicious control tower personnel who knew the raid had came. So they damn sure didn't sit out on the lit runways with the airplanes all lit up as the troops and vehicles deplaned. They did all of that lights out.And yet another thing; the raiders penetrated the terminal in small squads from multiple entry points - NOT as one mass of soldiers moving in as one big blob. One grenade or good burst of machine gun fire would've killed all the Israelis if they'd really moved in one big formation like that across the tarmac and into the building.Thirdly, the movie paid zero tribute to the hostages as individuals - Dora Bloch's story alone would've shown what a lunatic and monster Amin REALLY was. And for that matter, the character development of Amin in this story was all but non-existent. In fact, character development in this whole flick was all but non-existent and cheesy when it was tried.To me, this whole movie was a giant human interest piece to try and show a compassionate side to the hostage takers - at least the German pair - and therefore drum up some sympathy or kinder feelings about people who were homicidal maniacs. And at the same time the show minimizes what a tremendous feat it was for the Israelis to fly all that way and snatch the hostages right out of both the terrorists' and Amins hands.If you want to see a GOOD movie about this event, see the 1976 flick "Raid On Entebbe" with Yaphet Kotto playing Idi Amin. You'll learn more and have a more enjoyable viewing experience.
1 God stop casting Josh Radnor in anything, he sucks so hard AND IN A GLEE CLONE with more political and socially themed aspirations OH BOY TV DEFINITELY NEEDS THIS!
1 With a plot only a Twilight-mother could love, "The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn – Part 2" is unintentionally one of the funniest movies of the year, to the point where any sane moviegoer would suspect that most of the scenarios here were played for laughs and parody. OK, so if you enjoyed the final novel in Stephenie Meyer's series, word on the street is that you'll enjoy this installment the best. This might have something to do with Bill Condon being the first director to fully embrace the campiness of a world predicated on werewolf pedophilia and unprotected vampire sex, and also creating the most visually off the wall adaptation yet; with no regard to the viewing audience. But for every non-Twihard out there, "The Twilight Saga- Breaking Dawn- Part 2" will stand as one of the worst films of the year, in a series that has only gotten progressively worse.Why this is clearly the worst film of the series: The film begins with Kristen Stewart doing her best mountain lion impression as she crawls along the forest floor, hunting a deer, and only goes downhill from there. I'm not going to bore you with what you already know, a la this film contains a wealth of bad acting from the likes of Stewart, who should never work again, Taylor Lautner, who probably will never work again and Rob Pattinson, who throughout this movie couldn't look more ready to be done with the series (although Michael Sheen does give an eccentrically interesting performance as Aro). What I will be addressing here is the cornucopia of other problems which make this film almost unwatchable. Just a heads up, some of my points will contain plot spoilers, so skip to the "Final Thought" if you are still planning on watching this "film".1.This movie contains some of the worst special effects of any big budget film (yes, including "The Green Lantern") in the past decade. I won't bother to touch on every terrible CGI fiasco which occurs here (the vampires running effects, the vampires leaping tall buildings in a single bound effects or the laugh out loud tearing of people heads off effects) for fear of rambling-on more than I already am. But that doesn't stop me from asking the one question that is on everyone's minds. What's up with that baby's face?! When Renesmee is an infant, while it is obvious that a real baby is used, for some reason her face is completely computer generated, with half-assed CGI at that. The baby's face is so obviously fake, extremely creepy and immensely distraction that it is sure to haunt your dreams long after you've left the theater. 2.There is pretty much one human in the entire film and he is an idiot! The human I mention is Charlie Swan, Bella's father. The issue with him in this film is not necessarily the character himself, but the sloppiness in which he is almost written out of the story. When we first see him, he is obviously concerned for his daughter, since he doesn't know if she is dead or alive. When he finally sees that she is all better, with what looks to be a one year old infant in her arms, he seems to be brimming with questions. But when he demands answers from Bella, and she dismisses him (this would make more sense if you saw it) Charlie does what any worried father would do, he accepts the fact that she can't tell him anything and leaves her with the vampire family. 3.From a bland joke about the Loch Ness Monster, to all of the laughable monologues, the script contains some of the worst dialogue outside of an ABC Family show. And must mention that about 50% of this movie consists of dull voice-over narrations from Stewart and Pattinson, attempting to either explain back-story, introduce new characters (which there are many) or simply explain what is going on in the scene.4.The ending is a copout. Now, I don't want to give too much away for the few who still want to watch this, but there is a final battle sequence that occurs (FINALLY!!!) which in turn is the best part of the movie. And is absolutely ruined by a twist ending, which comes off as nothing more than a convention to soothe any crying teenagers not ready to witness a violent movie about dreamy vampires.5.One word: PEDOPHILE. Imprinting is a huge aspect in the novels. If you don't know what that is, "it's an involuntary mechanism by which werewolves become unconditionally bound to somebody (i.e. a soul mate) for the rest of their lives." Thank you Twilight Wiki page! The problem here is that throughout past films in the series, imprinting has been equated to not so much finding a soul mate or becoming someone's protector, but more so finding a mate or lover. So, when Jacob (Lautner) imprints on Renesmee with implications that he is in love with a child, visually it comes off as gross and super creepy, at the very least. Truthfully, at any moment I was expecting Jacob to yell, "You can't leave, Bella! I'm in love with your baby!" Written by Markus Robinson, Edited by Nicole I. AshlandFollow me on Twitter @moviesmarkus
1 They won't let me give this garbage a zero so I guess it's a one. How this show manages to stay on the air for 40 plus years is beyond me. It must be cheap to produce or something is my best guess. Like every other daytime drama its totally lacking in any sort of realism. It's a comic book look at life for housewives and the unemployed. All the characters are rich and beautiful but nobody works. I think this probably appeals to their two target demographics I listed earlier. Frankly animated shows like the Simpsons do a much better job of portraying reality. Hopefully the new generation will finally put an axe to drivel like this on TV.
1 WTF Amy ? An avid fan for years, smart sassy & sexy stand-up with intelligent observations and real humour.And then this garbage.Tired, clichéd, childish, boring, UNFUNNY crap.What the hell went wrong ? This could have been so much more, "one of the boys" from the female perspective, but I suspect I have the answer.Judd Apatow and his sick obsession with kidults, pot and adults that won't grow up.As soon as that name came up at the end credits (was I glad to see them !) it made sense - Amy lost control of this movie in order to get it made, taken hostage by Apatow and his mind-numbingly stupid view of life.Best advice I can give you Amy - ditch that fool and next movie keep creative control and do something worthwhile. Apatow is box office poison and you don't belong on the 14-17 year old market.You have something to say that he can't understand and reducing the message to the lowest common (retarded) denominator is demeaning to all concerned.Move on or he'll ruin your progression into films, concentrate on the message via comedy and don't compromise, look further afield. Crowd source if you have to but DITCH APATOW.One star for Tilda Swinton, nailed it as usual.
1 I usually don't walk out of a movie, but halfway thru I did. This movie promised something different, but I kept thinking haven't I seen that before? Spoiler Alert! Back in 1, the spaceship crashes and lands on earth, well, all these years later, with a super adult on board no less, this thing still manages to burn up and crash! What, this advanced civilization can't seem to develop landing gear? For an industry that's so liberal, we get to see another Woody Allen movie, no blacks please! Superman runs around saving people, making sure he sticks to Europe and the US, don't go into darkie areas please. Maybe I could stomach this about 30 years ago, but now now.
1 Dear lord I want those two hours back, I just can't, there is so much wrong, everything, the whole thing. Just no. No. Did they know they were making a film people were actually going to watch? Why so bad? Answer that in the next film! Dream sequence maybe? I am right, not the other people who gave it 2 or 3 stars,they do not know what they are talking about. Trust me. I am required to write more so here is a rhyme. Allegiant was so bad, I wish I was not so sad, that I watched that whole film, and now I feel like I wish I had more time, to help tell you the crime..s.. these people should be charged with, hating the world, murdering my mind, with their pointless story and waste of time. The end
1 There is no story build up in this movie - and the action scenes are unbelievable ~ aka too many bulls#it and impossible unrealistic sequence. The "glorification of Xander Cage" is way too arrogant to a point that your passion and interest for the character simply fades away.After the movie, I have less respect for the character that Vin Diesel plays. If you are the type that likes to watch the action sequences; you might enjoy this.
1 I don't get what all the 10's are about. I don't see how this movie is a 10, or rather even an 8. There are so many plot holes, the characters are so one dimensional, action sequences OK at best.Where do I even begin. Banes voice. I admit, I didn't get what he was saying more than half the time, and even then I had to strain really hard. It was just awful. There were jokes about not understanding Bales growling, but this, this is something else. The movie would have been better without him talking.Catwoman! Suddenly she feels remorse and becomes goody goody at the end, Oh the lord, this was about as predictable as rain in Seattle(very, if you're unsure).Talia, what a big face-palm. Might as well have made a movie when the Batman woke up from a dream at that point. Can the plot get ANY more clichéd? Thanks for popping up the MAIN criminal at the end of the movie, who apparently had the hots for Batman.Batman, his screen time is mostly groaning and screaming and getting beaten around in boxing by Bane. He becomes a superior fighter by jumping across the ledge? I think that's not how the body works. There isn't any Batman stuff at all. Just punching and kicking. Muhammad Ali would have been a better hero to fit that role (Yay, incoming dislikes from people who don't know who that is). Also, big copter no one can find, yea right.Sheep followers wanting to get blown up. Ya, because getting evaporated by a nuclear bomb is so awesome that every "mercenary" wants to do it. Oh, but they didn't know that they'd be blown up.All policemen going underground like a herd of cows because they want to scout out the underground operations and therefore getting caught. Sigh.Big fight scenes. Police officers don't walk in formation with guns against a bunch of mercenaries on higher ground and they all don't start shooting at point blank range. No. That's not how police work. Or any modern force with guns. That ONLY works in Lord of the Rings, because they had SWORDS! Who wrote this script?The other batman movies were good. The first one was great. The second was good too. This one is ridiculous. I don't know how people can be so blind to so many obvious flaws. Even with that, the best moments in this film are...unimpressive. Did I go into the theater with high hopes. Not at all. I expected average, I was disappointed to not find even that.Will be ever get another Prestige from these guys? I hope so.
1 The title of this sorry excuse for a movie should be like that..I mean after watching Curtis family survive every massive disaster milliseconds before...with making so many jokes and in script gags ( I swore I thought this was becoming a comedy towards middle while countless gigantic tragedies supposed to be going on everywhere with millions dying "The guy is an actor. He is getting paid to read a script !" ) , scientific nonsense and dismissal of laws of physics ( jumping through massive gaps on the ground with a limo ! , flying with a two propeller aircraft in front of an exploding super volcano , moving a gigantic Antonov plane between collapsing buildings and inside chasms , cell phones and global network of communications still on along with GPS and other navigational systems after Earth's magnetic poles screwed up ) , god awful leaps of logic ( hey listen and follow what every conspiracy nut says when the end is coming....They might have a map which shows our survival ) , racial and national stereotypes for dumb Americans ( "Arab sheiks and their families are not worthy of saving" implies morally superior scientist hero...WHAT ? Queen of Great Britain is leaving everyone and saving herself with her dogs , shifty fat Russian billionaire buffoons can not be trusted but hey their Paris Hilton like mistresses are hot ! ) , every disaster movie cliché crammed in ( a dysfunctional American family , dad estranged from wife and struggling with an menial job but he is a hero , her new boyfriend is a jerk to be killed , dog survives , family reunited at the end , a scientist warns everyone with a moral and ethical speech at the end and gets First Daughter , US President good decent man doing right thing always and sacrifices himself with his people....STOP STOP TOO MUCH US PATRIOTISM ALERT ) After watching all of this I went to restroom and threw up....Another case which Hollywood does not make a real production or interested with art of film making anymore but only bothered to create a PRODUCT to be consumed by idiot audience to make money....And it will make money because of the marketing campaign , CGI porn and ignorant masses. Not because script or acting means or worthy of anything. Seriously I respect John Cusack a lot. What happened to this guy ? Why he accepted leading role ? I will not even bother to discuss rest of the cast...They were all terrible one way or another ( except for little actress Lily Morgan ...She was quite talented and acted better than anyone else...Because she acted natural as she supposed to be...not like Woody Harrelson's overbearing absurd conspiracy nut mannersRoland Emmerich has only one or two script and he is using it over and over again with little changes ( except little changes names , characters events and characters are similar with "Independence Day" and "Day After Tomorrow" ) Even he has a different scrips he shows what a terrible director he is....He is just selling a CGI show and you can go to Disneyland instead and get a similar thrill in rollercoasters....
1 "A Beautiful Mind" is a film about the mathematician John Nash. It is very cleverly written and directed, as about mid-way through the film you learn something very, very interesting about the film. I'd say more, but I don't want to ruin it--especially since the film makers did such a great job in presenting Nash's mental illness--something he's struggled with for many years.I enjoyed "A Beautiful Mind". It was a lovely semi-fictional biography of the life of a brilliant mathematician. But, as I just said, it's SEMI-fictional--meaning a lot of the film just never occurred and the story of the man's life was often sanitized. The result is a very uplifting film...but one that is also a bit phony. And, as a retired history teacher, I hate this about the film. Additionally, I think the 2002 Oscars was a rather poor year, as although the film did win the Best Picture award, the competition wasn't particularly strong. As a result of all these factors, I think the film is overrated. Does that mean you should not watch it? Certainly not. Just understand that Hollywood often gets it wrong--and they did here. And, incidentally, another thing that is just plain wrong was Russell Crowe's accent. I don't know where he was supposed to be from, but it was no where near West Virginia.
1 Dark and twisted, David Fincher's stylish new mystery thriller was derived from Gillian Flynn's intriguingly slick tale from her complex and suspenseful novel. By far one of the best acting performances to have come from Ben Affleck, 'Gone Girl' boasts some strong yet disturbing portrayals from Rosamund Pike, Neil Patrick Harris, Tyler Perry and Affleck. Fincher has garnered fame and recognition as a mainstream director, that is not only able to engulf the audience within the picture, but actually make them part of the scenario. Fincher exercises upon his trademarks with the swift and stunning cinematography, the chilling score and tight editing, all of which makes 'Gone Girl' a movie full of great visual storytelling.
1 Spoilers herein.Competent filmmakers are rare -- there is no doubt that Scorsese is competent and should be celebrated on that score alone.But his films are empty. They take you into a gangsterland (even `Temptation,' even `Innocence') and snap along until they end and then you leave. But you leave with nothing, and I expect more from a competent filmmaker.The problem -- I speculate -- is the degree to which Scorsese is locked in the Italian tradition of storytelling and its 60's incarnation in neo-realistic films. This is a matter of performance, where the force of the story is all in the force of the storyteller. The performer here is Scorsese. His screen persona is epitomized in the Pesci character: driving, driving the group by pressing on. By speaking over others. By showing the threat of violence.There's power here. It grabs your attention like Pesci grabs that of the fellas. I can see Scorsese constantly saying to himself that he'd be nuts to live any other way. But aside from some storytelling mechanics, there are no ideas here, no ambiguities, no interesting characters, no plot maturity, no symmetries, nothing to wonder about and discuss on your way home.But we should salute some of the decisions. Scorsese chooses to frame the film as a story told by the Liotta character. (He plays an Irishman, but looks and acts Italian.) Narrative voiceovers. A clever framing device with us locked in the car at midway through and mirrored in the beginning. The end with Liotta looking directly and speaking into the camera and shooting us.And the camera. Much has been said of the camera. The long, tracking shots, especially the much-copied entrance through the kitchen. The pullback-zoom toward the end when Liotta and DeNiro meet. The occasional corner ceiling shot. Normally I would love this, especially since it is in the framework of a consistent notion of the eye. What bothers me is what that eye is: it is dependent on the characters. The characters drive this movie and pull the camera. Consider the kitchen entry scene: the camera is on a string behind Liotta. We follow, always follow, just as the fellas at Pesci's table have to follow his prattling. Compare that to dePalma's similar long tracking shot of Bruce Willis at the start of `Bonfire of the Vanities.' DePalma's camera isn't dragged along behind by the force of Willis. It floats to the front, the side, swooping around, independently curious. We the viewers are masters of the story. It's the difference between the northern and southern European storytelling traditions.Seeing how little deference the camera gives us really grates when the payoff is so slight. It makes DeNiro pretty hard to take. Yes, we all get impressed by the power of his performance. But it is always clear that it is a performance: we are not seeing a character but a `serious actor,' employed as a tractor to pull us along.Is this a great film? Well, it did not change my life, give my dreams new form, or provide the basis for any meaningful discussion with my wife. It didn't help me define myself or my world. It provided no new perspectives on the things I struggle with. (And many, many films do one or more of these things.) So for me no.What a waste.
1 This here tries to be a sophisticated modern day thriller...but falls flat time after time.Michael Douglas is shocking and Bloom is tepid at best.Naomi Rapace is marvelous usually..like in The Drop, but she is wasted in this.At one point I was having a giggle at the really bad script.Mush better than the pathetic London Has Fallen...but that is not really a good thing.This should have really been straight to DVD.Save your money and buy a new hat!
1 2012 cost 260 million dollars and is 158 minutes long. At roughly 2 million dollars a minute, one might at least expect a thrill-a-second work of exciting entertainment, since one does not go to a Roland Emmerich movie expecting either art or deep meaning. Unfortunately, the many millions spent on this bloated, overblown "B" genre programmer could not guarantee the filmmakers a good script with a tight plot and interesting characters. Emmerich treats his own screenplay (co-written by Harold Klausner) with a level of seriousness customarily reserved for the Holocaust or biopics of figures like Jesus Christ or Mahatma Ghandi. There is no plot to speak of - Jackson Curtis (John Cusack) learns of the impending end of the world and has to rescue his offspring and ex-wife from danger. That's all that happens in the entire movie - for over 2.5 hours! By the 4th or 5th time we have seen Jackson and his gang escape death (whether by earthquake, plane crash, volcanic eruption, tsunami, etc., etc.) the whole thing has become so turgid and wearisome that one finds oneself rooting for the tsunami to kill them all just so the movie can end and one can go home. The thin plot might not be all that bad if the film were better-paced and more exciting, but Emmerich wants you to know that he is A Serious Auteur and that 2012 is an Important Film About Our Time, so every sequence keeps going WAY past its sell-by date. Watching this movie is like being hit in the head with a wooden plank multiple times - one is eventually stunned into abject submission. Emmerich does everything at least twice, and his respect for his own material seems to have convinced him that 2012 could not have been shorter by one second, when at least 45 minutes of useless sub-plots involving disposable minor characters as well as repetitive sequences of cities collapsing, flames covering the sky, 1500 meter waves drowning everything in sight and famous monuments crumbling into depthless chasms could and should have been left on the cutting-room floor. By the time Jackson saves the high-tech ark containing what's left of North American civilization (don't ask), apparently by channeling Shelley Winters' swim scene from The Poseidon Adventure, any sense of awe which the sight of huge waves washing over the Himalayas should generate in the audience has been replaced by a numb wish that the whole thing will be over soon and a prayer that one's brain death will only be temporary. After watching a whole lot of cities get destroyed again and again, one simply becomes mentally and visually exhausted by the whole bloated mess. Surprisingly strong performances from a thoroughly professional cast are wasted on tissue-thin characterizations - but believe me, these performers earned their money just from being able to say the bland, clichéd lines they are given with a straight face. Furthermore, despite the appearance of realism thanks to some technically flawless CGI, there is no blood or gore - there should be body parts raining down from the sky during the destruction of LA, but somehow no one seems to be on the streets. On the other hand, a lot of blood and gore might have reminded the movie audience that one is in fact watching a film about the extinction of literally billions of living things, but why should something so petty be more important than seeing whether John Cusack will get back together with his ex-wife and become a hero so his whiny, spoiled son will accept him? In any case, what does it say about contemporary society that a movie showing nothing less than the destruction of the entire world is rated "PG-13"? As far as the "science" and "facts" behind this utterly ridiculous bit of piffle, the less said about that, the better. Of course, this piece of overblown trash will probably turn hundreds of millions for its makers and secure Emmerich's position as one of the top commercial directors of the day. At least if the world actually ends in 2012, all copies of 2012 will be destroyed.
1 I've been very excited about bay watch for about 2 months or so.but after surviving 50 minutes in an early screening theater i couldn't help but going to the toilet and throwing up!! all the anticipated female sexiness turned out to be a strip show featuring zac and the rock THIS MOVIE ISN'T JUST AWFUL IT' amazes me in its way to disgust you. I recommend that you do not waste your money on this remake of 2 girls 1 cup!!
1 In the sequel to the movie where KaTris shaved her head, Allegiant opens up what seems to be literally a day or two later... Except she has a full head of hair somehow.ALLEGIANT!!!!My experience with this series is not the greatest. The first movie - Detergent - was awful. The next movie - Insufferable - was awful again. The third movie..? Allegiant was absolutely disgraceful.The first half of this movie was just about okay. I would rate it 6/10. Then the second half plays and my brain starts getting blended. I cannot even begin to explain the IDIOCY from these stupid characters! Tris is an annoying little *****! If you like strong female leads, this movie is NOT the movie you will want to see.If you like movies with real emotion, this is NOT the movie you will want to see. Here you will see characters IDIOTICALLY expose themselves to their enemies, get shot, die, their friends barely shed a tear and then forget them for the rest of the movie.If you like natural movies without stupid Sci-Fi ****, this is NOT the movie you will want to see. Here you will have girls in glass tubes, then somehow the glass shrinks and turns into a gooey liquid and suffocate these girls like they are in condoms. (?????) I'm not even lying. That **** is in this movie. I could not stop laughing.This movie is atrocious. Watch The Hunger Games instead; a series that breaks the YA stigma and is well directed! You're not even going to like this film if you're drunk. Only one or two moments here can truly entertain an alcoholic. It's *that* bad.I recommend watching this movie if you are held at gunpoint and your kidnapper forces you too.1/10.
1 As far as the end result... ...the film completely fell flat across the board. I have nothing against the four leads. I more or less blame the writers, director and the studios choice of direction for the new Ghostbusters.The acting is some of the most stiff and cookie cutter I have ever seen. There were times when it really sounded like they were reading their lines. The actors did NOT mesh well at all and their interaction with all of the blue and green screen effects was lifeless and clueless.I was just lost with the approach on their attempted humor. I mean, it's bad. I don't know what panel sat around the table reading the script and laughed at it, but I hope they never do again.The effects were horrible. Every time, which was A LOT, they used a green screen, I found myself taken away from the movie.The film constantly contradicts it's own established continuity. One minute they can't kill the ghosts, only contain them, the next, they can. Just ridiculous.They even added a segment to the movie early on that shows the four girls poking fun at all of the hate for the film. I just don't think the studio gets it. More mocking of the very people they expect to pay top dollar for their product.Despite all of the sexist remarks towards the movie, the movie itself is EXTREMELY sexist against men and borderline racist. All men are portrayed as fools in the movie and in order to kill the final villain they have to shoot him in the crotch. It almost seems the team behind the film knew how stereotypical and sexist their movie was, so they capitalized on the sexism against the film in order to hide that.I honestly recommend wearing a padded glove when you watch this, IF you watch this. I have never face-palmed so many times during a movie in my life. I would not suggest this film to anyone except maybe children under ten years old and even then, it would simply be for a cartooned 3D experience.I wish I could find positives because I dislike being so negative about a film. I understand completely the amount of work that goes into something like this. Chris Hemsworth was probably the best part of this believe or not. I could see him leading a team of his own Ghostbusters in another version if written correctly.But I can't help but quote Jurassic Park concerning the very idea of this film.The filmmakers "were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they should."I really did try to give this film a chance despite all of the negative hype. But, the film was not funny and does not stand on it's own. Honestly, the only thing that intrigued me was seeing the cameos from some of the original cast.I will add that if you were thinking you had seen the majority of the movie throughout all of the trailers, various clips, TV spots, etc., you would have been thinking correctly. Sony used all of what they considered to be the best material in all of the promotional releases. Let that be your red flag considering how poor the trailers were.If someone were to ask me if they should go see it, I would say, "No, but if you are curious, just wait for it to become available for Internet streaming."I don't think people will walk away from this movie afraid of ghosts. I imagine they walk away afraid of the movie and more so, the people who thought it was wise to make it in the first place.There is some irony here. Ghostbusters 2016 has literally become a ghost. It was dead on arrival.
1 Usually i am a big fan of Adam Sandler, Chris Rock and most of all Kevin James. I was actually somewhat excited to watch this movie. How ever when i walked out with my friends, i was telling them, it might be one of the worst movies i ever saw. The humor is shallow and it is a pathetic attempt for laughs. Most jokes were so predictable that they lost all sense of humor about them. The directing was appalling. The story was boring. I pray that there is no Grown Ups 2. Another factor that is irritating is Adam Sandler and his pals. after the many funny movies they made it becomes repetitave and you ask yourself why cant there be a different cast for once?
1 Having avoided seeing the movie in the cinema, but buying the DVD for my wife for Xmas, I had to watch it. I did not expect much, which usually means I get more than I bargained for. But 'Mamma Mia' - utter, utter cr**. I like ABBA, I like the songs, I have the old LPs. But this film is just terrible. The stage show looks like a bit of a musical, but this races along with songs hurriedly following one another, no characterisation, the dance numbers (which were heavily choreographed according to the extras on the DVD) are just thrown away with only half the bodies ever on screen, the dance chorus of north Europeans appear on a small Greek island at will, while the set and set up of numbers would have disgraced Cliff Richard's musicals in the sixties!Meryl (see me I'm acting)Streep can't even make her usual mugging effective in an over-the-top musical! Her grand piece - 'The Winner Takes It All' - is Meryl at the Met! Note to director - it should have been shot in stillness with the camera gradually showing distance growing between Streep and Brosnan! Some of the singing is awful karaoke on amateur night. The camera cannot stop moving like bad MTV. One can never settle down and just enjoy the music, enthusiasm and characters. But what is even worse is how this botched piece of excre**** has become the highest grossing film in the UK and the best selling DVD to boot? Blair, Campbell and New Labour really have reduced the UK to zombies - critical faculties anyone???
1 I really didn't enjoy this film at all & I fall into the target group (male 20-30). 2/10 I'd give this.There seems a belief too that anyone who doesn't enjoy it is either thick, against violence or especially 'doesn't get the message behind it'. Well, none of those apply to me.In this flawed film, I understand that it was any of: a)a group of young men rebelling against a Borgeousie consumerism society. b)one man seeing how he is totally dissatisfied with life and how his mind tries to change things or c)people stopping to watch Cornelius fight himself because voyeurism is human nature the film makes a deliberate attempt to make the viewer feel guilty for being a voyeur. (I'll come to that later)You can take your pick really, whatever way, I still find it crap. Any film (Shawshank Redmeption excepted) which concerns 'one mans' anything, generally creates no emotion in me other than boredom. The whole tagline to the film makes me want to puke: "one 30 year old man's journey of self-discovery."So what? Are we supposed to sympathise with Norton because of this? I'm sorry but I have sympathy in films with people dying, or who's family have been killed. John Hurt triumphing over cancer in Champions, Tom Hanks in Saving Private Ryan, thousands of others. Even Norton himself actually in the brilliant American History X. In the 2nd half, I sympathise with him for the life he has found himself with.But in this (and I find myself saying the same as I did with the equally awful American Beauty) Just because some blokes fed up & having a midlife crisis we're supposed to feel for him. Oh diddums. The only film where this premise has worked brilliantly is 'It's a Wonderful Life' with James Stewart. He was in crisis (and justifyably too) but never resorted to any of the levels stooped to here.(That might seem a weak point, but It's just come to me & I can't put my finger on exactly why Wonderful Life is so far superior to Fight Club in tackling a midlife crisis, but they are as far extreme as you can get)I'd also question whether we're all voyers? For every moron that slows down on a motorway to look at an accident on the other side, there's a 100 or so that can't believe the stupidity of it.There are countless flaws too. The scene prior to the car crash wouldn't have worked? Who was Norton talking to? with the passengers there? Where did he acquire his knowledge of soap from? Would people have watched 1 bloke fighting himself? and much more too. Ok, maybe one or 2 of those have answers but I couldn't find them.I think to really enjoy this film, you have to have clicked or empathised with the main character, and if you did, I feel a bit sorry for you. It would however account for the popularity of such things as marriage guidance councillors, drugs, footballers agents, even to a degree religion (but only when it becomes absolutely fanatical & life revolves around it).Maybe it's just me & I'm fortunate but so many people seem unable to get through the little problems that life throws up on their own & without help of any kind anymore, like inventing a friend for one thing.I know plenty of people who like this, intelligent some of them, so I've no problem with people who enjoy 'Arty & deep' films with psychological meaning to them. I just don't. But not through failing to understand them, Just merely through not connecting with characters who suffer problems like a 'mid-life crisis for non deserving reasons'.On top of all of that, it was a very slow film too.
1 The storyline makes you wish that the two new lovers will be reunited, that Hollywood for you, this doesn't happen. James and Dani are two people that fall in love and then are apart due to work. The desperation Dani shows to hear from James is touching and you really feel for her. James' desperation to ' just want to go home and see my family' pulls at your heart strings. If you are expecting a Hollywood love story, don't watch this film. The real life grisly realisation of what happens out of our 'world' may startle and anger you. This is about 2 people meeting, falling in love and then having an evil twist of fate of not seeing each other again.
1 K.C. Undercover is not funny nor does it seem to be a show that I would recommend to persons older than 15 as it is tacky and has bad acting.Although Zendaya is a semi-good actor she is not suitable for a action series such as this because her martial arts skills look unrealistic like movies of the 1970's. I understand that this is a show on Disney but it is no excuse for it to be so childish that it comes across dumb.The show comes across low budgeted and this is displayed in it's plot. I would not recommend this series to none of my friends as this show can not be compared to shows such as Jessie, That's so Raven, Kim Possible or even Sofia the First. As the Disney company seeks to carry up it's ratings I though it would have sought to liven up it's already tacky line up with refreshing shows but I can see that the Disney writers are also lacking vision as this show is lacking backbone and any comical push.In order for this show to become watchable for me it would have to turn around as I would not we watching the episodes to come.
1 This movie is unrealistic trash. Two girls go out cage diving with whites. The cage and boat they are in are in no condition to be out on the water. Cage diving with sharks is a highly regulated activity. It's not run by a bunch of dirt poor mexicans with trash gear. White sharks aren't as aggressive as they make them look in this Hollywood crap movie. Terrible acting and screenplay. The director must have an IQ of around 70 to find this sort of film work acceptable.All this movie is doing is making stupid people afraid of the water, and hate sharks.
1 I was a big fan of the original series (Las Vegas). Sadly this show seems to be nothing more than beautiful actors and cinematography. I won't lie to you, the actors are hot, and the scenery is awesome. Thats why i gave it a whopping 2/10. Nothing else grabbed me though.Weak plot lines and character interactions. This show takes a bold leap from reality. Characters are strutting around the art-deco police station in their designer cloths. The capers they solve have HUGE plot holes and are very formulaic. There's always a quick fix at the end of the show to wrap things up.Mostly I was disappointed by the content (lack thereof).It's eye candy.....nothing more.
1 When I saw the first divergent movie, I really liked it and I became really excited to see the adaptions of the next two books (insurgent and allegiant).But after I saw the 2nd movie, it was a lot different from the book and I started to get confused on why it wasn't going to be like how the first movie was. But after I saw this movie,I realized that it was nothing like what it was based on and it looked liked it was based on a video game.I became really disappointed on how the divergent series became a series I don't recognize anymore.If Divergent just became a TV show instead of a movie before the first movie came out, then it would have had a better chance at being more popular and talked a lot about. But that never happened.
1 I began watching this movie with great anticipation, however, it really failed me within twenty minutes of it.I still continued to watch it and thought that the movie would get kicked off now but the now never came.The worst thing is that the invisible girl got her powers without going to space and that is so stupid because all my life I have been brought up seeing the girl in space and getting power, not outside of it.More than an hour into movie and there is no action. The villain appears in the last thirty minutes, the fight lasts of 10 minutes and the movie is over.Really a waste of time and money.
1 There are some absolutely brilliant TV shows being put out these days. This is in part due to the additional streams of content coming from the likes of Netflix, Hulu, Amazon, and of course the older TV newcomers like HBO, Showtime, etc.In some cases, network TV has raised the bar to remain competitive and then there are shows like Ransom where it's just garbage that will inevitably be canceled mid-season or soon thereafter.I just don't understand how a network like CBS can spend millions of dollars on such a crappy show, especially during a time when the competition for producing great content is so rapidly increasing. You think they would hire better people, people who wouldn't dare release such a weak show.Now, I've only watched the first episode but it was so bad that there really isn't a reason to keep going. The cast was demographically thrown together, the story was full of holes and unrealistic scenarios, and it's your typical struggle then happy ending fake plastic TV trash that is contributing to the downfall of network TV.Let's look at the first episode a bit more closely. A new college grad gets rejected from a job with this crisis agency but doesn't take no for an answer. In the lobby of the agency, after being rejected, a kidnapping news story comes up on the TV. She zips over to the kidnapping in a taxi, shows a business card of the crisis agency she took before leaving to the police officer guarding the scene, and he just lets her in. She then casually strolls into the building and into the war room where the hostage negotiation is taking place with nobody questioning her at all. She then puts her two cents in as the negotiator is on the phone with the hostage taker, and nobody says a word or throws her out. You get the drift and the whole episode goes down like this. Stinky, stinky, waste of time rubbish.It's now just a matter of time before it gets canceled. CBS has failed big time with this show and the fact that they actually released it is a strong indicator that the network is heading further into irrelevance.
1 Angus MacGuyver is one of the most beloved TV characters from the 1980s. This is not the prequel that devoted fans were hoping to see.It appears that no one connected with the new version has ever seen the classic programs - they totally ignore the established characters. They totally ignore all the endearing quirks that made us want to watch the series.Sadly, no matter how much he tries, Lucas Til is simply NOT a young Richard Dean Anderson. He is far too bland and lacking in personality to play this character.The plot of the pilot seemed very "recycled".Nothing was new. Nothing was innovative.
1 I was waiting Troy very much and expected to see a real picture of this great Greek legend. I was totally disappointed. Great heroes Hector and Achilleus without charisma, Menelaus just a boy, Helena.... could you believe 10 years of big war started because of this woman? Disappointed about Greek gods. Poor Homer.
1 I'm no longer a young adult - I'm quite elderly, in fact. But I have to admit I loved the book series upon which this movie franchise is based. And I have been tolerant of the 4 movies leading up to this final one, mostly because they have been pretty faithful to what I felt were the important points of the story lines. Even though the acting skills of the major characters have been sad throughout, I have been able to blame that mostly on poor direction and I could find much otherwise to enjoy. But in this final movie of the series, I just feel let down by everyone involved with it: director, actors, script-writers, special effects people, casting, producers (yes, Stephanie Meyer herself is included here!). It had been a long time since I felt cheated out of the price of a movie ticket, but I really regret wasting not only $8 for this one, but also the seemingly interminable 2 hours I lost trying to find some redeeming value while sitting through it. For a fantasy story about vampires, werewolves, and half-mortals, there was nothing remotely believable in this movie. I know nothing of making movies, but I think I could have come up with something better than this, and for a lot less money.
1 The worst piece of dirt this year so far. No logic, no plot, no story, but with Anthony Hopkins. Why did Anthony participated in this dirt ball mind crap, I don't know but it is not enough. This movie is empty, it is a 2 hours long advertisement of various car manufacturers and American military. Worst Transformers ever, please let this garbage just die and don't bother us with actors who just can not save this movie. It was just awful to watch, I couldn't believe the low quality dialogues and just the waste of money for junk CGI no one really cares about. But why did Mr. Hopkins lower himself to participate in this charade of a movie is beyond me.WORST MOVIE 2017
1 "The Wolf of Wall Street" is infectiously entertaining. It is probably the funniest movie I have seen all year with witty dialogue, over the top characters, and filled with energy that bleeds off the screen. Between all the fun however,  there is also a story about addiction and how it can cause a downward spiral in your life whether it be drugs, money, or power.Acclaimed director Martin Scorsese does a wonderful job keeping this movie at a high at all times. Never once does this movie lose it's energy or sense of humor much like the drug induced characters. There are a lot of quick cuts and edits to keep the movie feeling as If you are on drugs as well as playing high energy music in some of the more serious situations.The cast brings their "A" game. The stand out is obviously Leonardo DiCaprio, who pretty much owns and excels any scene he is in. This film really showcases his diverse range.Overall "The Wolf of Wall Street" is a full on adrenaline ride that never loses momentum. It's directed with a lot of flair and energy and has an incredibly well written script that gives it depth and a ton of laughs. The cast is fantastic and DiCaprio gives his best and most fun filled performance to date. I really enjoyed this movie and think it's the funniest movie of the year 4.5/5
1 Two movies for the price of one. That's a fairly glib start to a review of a movie that I really liked, but it is true. The first half of Gone Girl is a fairly standard "did he or didn't he" mystery thriller. Then, about an hour in, the perspective shifts entirely and suddenly you realise that you're watching – perhaps – the most pitch-black comedy that you've ever seen. Despite the abrupt shift, I still think that Gone Girl holds together extremely well as one whole movie. Ben Affleck's Nick manages to inspire sympathy without ever being truly likable while Rosamund Pike's Amy (the star of the show in my opinion) is brilliant, terrifying, hilarious and despicable in various combinations and occasionally all at the same time.David Fincher's direction is both classy and clever (as usual) and several scenes are particularly outstanding due at least as much to his brilliance as that of the actors involved in them. My one complaint would be over the length – it really didn't need to be two and a quarter hours long. There were certainly a few moments, particularly in the first half, when I wished that the movie would hurry up and get to the point just a little more quickly.Gone Girl is a movie unlike any that I've ever seen before and as such largely defies further description. I would recommend this movie to all (with a warning that the adult rating is well earned) but especially those with a dark sense of humour. The darker the better.
1 This movie was insanely awkward and uncomfortable to watch. Adam sandler's Character made me want to run drive into a cement wall. Chris rock- do better.
1 I personally don't like Hannah Montana.The show is so predictable. Every episode you know that Hannah is going to be stuck in some hard situation. Reeco's always going to have some sort of plan up his sleeve. Jackson is either hitting on a girl, or doing something ridiculous. Its really obvious how Hannah Montana talks... and how Miley Stewart talks and how much they look alike, that just makes cast in the show look dumb. I'm sorry to all who are fans of Miley but I don't think she can act OR sing at all whatsoever. She did NOTHING to get her where she is today. Its all because of her dad. "Daddy, I want to be a pop star" what did ya know, look where she is today. Sure she's pretty, but face it doll face... some of us out there have real talent and are working out butts off trying to get a music career, and what did you have to do? NOTHING!
1 I've been infatuated with Clint Eastwood from the time I saw his first spaghetti western when I was a teenager. I've seen all the movies he's starred in and directed. And I've seen his skills as a storyteller develop, mature and grow. Throughout this period the infatuation remained constant and re-assuring. But today, after viewing 'Million Dollar Baby', I'm totally and completely in love with this man. Clint, his movie, Freeman and Swank deserve to win Oscars in every category for this film. He is a Master of his craft. I want him stick around and do it again and again!.And I'm in love Hilary too!. She does not act - she becomes!.
1 The first hour of this movie concerns a bunch of guys at a wedding reception. They spend their time drinking and not saying much, so we don't know who they are. Hmmmmm. Eventually we learn that these guys are going to 'fight for their country in Vietnam' (apparently without joining the army first.) At this point, you'll really start to go 'hmmmm....' The guys, who work in Pennsylvania, leave the wedding reception, still boxed out on beer, and travel (a 45 minute drive) to the Canadian Rockies to hunt elk. Hmmmm. Next, they show up in Vietnam. Apparently they made a special deal with the U.S. Army to serve in the same squad. Hmmmmm.Next, they are all in a hut in the jungle playing Russian Roulette. I think they are being forced to by sinister villains, but I'm not sure. Hmmmmm.Two of the guys are rescued, but one guy disappears, to pursue a career as world reigning Russian roulette champion. Seven or three or five years later, DeNiro goes back to Saigon to rescue him. Apparently the roulette champion had been lucky enough to last years playing this deadly game and made a fortune. Will his luck hold out? Hmmmmmm. Anyway, The last day the Americans are in Vietnam, and refugees are killing themselves to rush the last helicopter at the embassy, DeNiro shows up on a commercial flight, casually strolling through the Saigon airport. Hmmmmm.I think they call it suspension of disbelief. Hmmmmmm.
1 I usually have nothing against being influenced by a movie if it appeals to me and has a good story. Shutter Island did neither for me.The music in the opening scene is trying way too hard to create an eerie feeling that Shutter Island is a place of evil. And the music reminded me of Cape Fear. But Shutter Island is far far from the greatness of Cape Fear which is Scorses all time masterpiece in my opinion. This however is his worst movie.It is not DiCaprio's fault, but the horrible deeply flawed screenplay.* SPOILER AHEAD * I would have liked to have Leo's character not been insane and developed an alternative reality in order to protect himself from the memory of his drowned children and the wife that he shot.If the movie had been about him coming to find a missing patient and expose Ben Kingsley and the other doctors as vicious attackers of patients, then it had perhaps been a good movie.Teddy's memories of WWII is also just boring and have no great importance to the plot. Yes I know that the dead girl in wagons represent his daughter that he could not save. But it's damn uninteresting.The plot does not make much sense either. Leo is really a patient himself on Shutter Island, and to get him to accept his past, all physicians, psychiatrists, prison guards and patients are acting to support his idea of reality. How likely is it that doctors could get criminally insane to help in this way? It would not be feasible. They are all just as crazy as Teddy. If not more.How likely is it that a German doctor could get Teddy to wake up when Teddy, because of his past as a soldier, hates Germans and basically sees him as a Nazi? They offer Teddy alcohol. It would probably just be tea they had given him had he said yes but he would probably have noticed it. And then what would they have done? If the goal is to get Teddy to accept his past and that he is patient, why are the doctors then doing everything they can to act suspicious and untrustworthy? What if Teddy had bolted when he was aboard the ferry with his partner/psychiatrist? It could not have been prevented.How likely is it that the U.S. Marshalls are told to hand over their weapons when they are searching for a missing patient in a prison/institution for the criminally insane?Teddy's gun is a toy gun. How likely is it that Teddy does not until the very end discovers that it is made of plastic, not metal and wood? Especially when he is suppose to be extremely intelligent.On the whole, they let a seemingly very dangerous patient walk freely around the island for several days. They let him blow up a car and knock a guard out. They would never let it come so far in reality.What is the meaning of it all? Why put the whole circus together due to one mental patient? Why feed on his delusions, if the goal is to make him accept his past? Why is he more interesting than all the other patients? Why don't they just talk to him and give him medicine that prevents him to invent an alternative reality? Yes it is 1954 and yes the time they knew not what we know today and yes they would probably give him a lobotomy as it is indicated they will at the end of the movie. But still.There is so much that does not make sense in the movie and when it itself is so cliché-filled, I really can not take it seriously.
1 The Coen Brothers, one of America's most talented directors, with a string of terrific films behind them have changed Cormac McCarthy's controversial novel into the front runner at this year's Oscar ceremonies.Unforuantely, as in year's past, this film, is going to purely divide moviegoers. Critics and Academy members are going to reward the Coen brothers for their adaptation of McCarthy's novel. Moviegoers, on the other hand, seem to have a divided opinion of this film.I saw this film with a completely divided audience. The storyline, concerns a drug deal gone badly in the Texas outback. A retired welder and Vietnam veteran, played by Josh Brolin comes across a case full of thousands of dollars in the pick up truck of a Mexican drug dealer. Unforuantely he doesn't realize the case has a homing device, which hired killer, Anton Chigurh, played to complete chilling effect, by Javier Bardem who easily steals the movie from the rest of the cast, uses to track him down.Chigurh, has deadly ways of killing off those who stand in his way, including a contraption used to kill off livestock, which he uses to blow open door locks and people's heads off with ease. Chigurh, pursues Llewelyn Moss, played by Brolin and his wife, who he sent off to Odessa, in hopes of outrunning the cunning Chigurh, with only local sheriff, Bell, (Tommy Lee Jones) who has a chance of protecting them.I won't give much more details except to say that this film felt like half a movie, the two main characters' and their stories felt completely unfinished, and that was the key problem with McCarthy's novel. I am a huge fan of the Coen Brothers and their films, Fargo, one of the best films of the 1990s, The Big Lebowski, one of the funniest films I have ever seen, and a film that I watch on a regular basis, heck, I even enjoyed The Hucksucker Proxy, but, like last year, with the overrated, Martin Scorsese film The Departed, I think that critics and academy members are looking to reward the Coen Brother's work, rather than their film. I'm not going to say it's overrated, just that the ending felt completely unfinished. The film doesn't state what happens to either Chigurh, or Moss. The audience and many people who I have spoken with felt the film was completely unfinished, and felt like half a movie. I agree with them. Unfortunately, I think the academy will reward the Coen brothers for this film, rather than they did with their far superior Fargo in 1996 which covered similar territory as No Country For Old Men.
1 ...this is the whole damn meal. "Reservoir Dogs" is about a crime gone horridly awry, and it makes no apologies for its violence, slurs, and language.  It doesn't have to, because of its brilliant, gripping script and plot twists, acting that makes you think these people are real, and a flashy presentation of it all. Quentin Tarantino came on the scene not with a whimper but a bang with this story of a diamond heist which is foiled by an undercover cop--one of the criminals.   The story unfolds backwards, beginning with Quentin Tarantino waxing poetic on Madonna's "Like a Virgin", and manages to cover Tim Roth writhing around in Harvey Keitel's backseat with a bullet in his stomach, Michael Madsen with a straight razor and a bound & gagged cop, Chris Penn crying rape in his father Laurence Tierney's office, and other insane, violent, and/or hilarious plot lines leading to a dazzling end.  The soundtrack adds just the right amount of style and superiority, which you'll understand immediately when the Dogs walk in slo-mo to the tune of "Little Green Bag". This movie can only compare to "Pulp Fiction" with its brilliance, otherwise, it is completely and utterly a unique experience.
1 Disney has had some great shows . . . and some giant flops. This is the latter. It's poorly written with many re-used jokes that have been done over and over already, the timing is off, and they just aren't funny. The acting is mediocre, and some of the more "serious" lines had me laughing at the amateur delivery. The actress who plays Jessie is just annoying, and the rest of the characters just don't mesh. It feels like they're trying too hard to act, and it's not natural by any means. Unless it's the only channel you get, and it's the only show on at the time, you're going to want to skip this one. It's a bigger waste of time than trying to watch an Adam Sandler movie.
1 I love the police dramas, the legal dramas, the medical shows, the shows about the fire departments and first responders.... I was looking forward to this. Sadly, it was difficult to get through even five minutes of it. But I was hopeful that it might get better so I decided to watch it to its conclusion. The writing is awful. The acting is worse, but how can one act when one is given such an awful script. It's unrealistic. The camera work stinks. There's nothing redeeming. The casting is horrific. The female lead is just horrible. She might be good elsewhere, given the chance, but certainly not here. This show seems so cheaply made, as if someone just threw it together for the four to six year old crowd. What an awful failure. What an embarrassment for ABC. I thought, when I saw the commercials this might give Chicago Fire a run for its money, but no way. Chicago Fire is a solid ten. Station 19 actually deserves no stars. If I was an actor on Station 19, I'd be truly embarrassed. This is a colossal waste of time. A minute watching this is a minute too long. I have never in my life seen anything as bad as this program.UPDATE...Although I vowed to never again watch this show, friends from out of town who were visiting wanted to watch the 4/12/2018 episode as they had never seen it, and it was sandwiched in-between Gray's and Scandal, which were all wanted to watch. My original opinion stands, although I have some additional perspective on it. For whatever reason, we all found something offensive about either Jaina Lee Ortiz's acting or her character or some combination of both. We all felt that if that character was removed, the story line about her dad promoting her to lieutenant dropped, along with the unrealistic captain competition, the show might have a better chance of survival. Her story lines, her character and her acting (weak) is what's pulling the show down. Of course, in all fairness, the story line comes from the writers. Still, the role needs an actress with more strength and more presence. She might do fine in another role, but not this one.
1 A maverick motorbike racer reeling from a divorce and a California Highway Patrol cop who's secretly an FBI operative must overcome their personality clash and work together to uncover a major theft.....The theft is obviously the budget that was spent on this film.Dax Shepard is a name that strikes fear through me whenever I hear it. He's made some trash in the past, Hit and Run was a much as a crime as it's title, and although Employee Of The Month was a Dane Cook vehicle, his screen presence ruined every scene he was in.This film came out of the blue. The trailer was dropped a few weeks before release, and here in the UK, there was zero marketing for the film.And her's the reason why.It's an abomination, totally misogynistic, Racist, Homophobic, politically incorrect, and about as poisonous as a supposed comedy can get.When the height of humour is seeing Vincent D'onofrio working out, you know the writing is something that deserves to be put in a time capsule and buried, and years later, another generation will realise just how inept writing can be.The film is incoherent, badly acted, and focuses on nothing more than peoples weaknesses and disabilities in order to gain a few laughs.The screening in which I saw this monstrosity was a tumbleweed-esque place, not one snicker, guffaw, chortle, or any word that can describe expressing humour was heard.There is no chemistry between the leads, not even real life couple Shepard and Bell, the latter whom should start considering not depending on her husband for roles.If I see a poorer film this year, I will be shocked, because this atrocity deserves all the criticism it gets.As Brando said after watching this.....'The Horror, The Horror'....
1 I have walked out of 2 movies in my entire life. This is the 2nd. considering how expensive going to the movies has become it takes a lot for me to get up out of my seat and say my time is more valuable than my investment. I stayed a little over an hour thinking somehow it might get better. The people in the audience I was in all laughed at every joke so I came to realize that I was not the target audience and the jokes would continue on this level. This was the story of a "girls trip" with old college friends. The trailer looked pretty cute and I always liked Queen Latifah, Jayda Pinket Smith...so I thought this could be another Bridesmaids or something vulgar but cleverly vulgar (I'm not against vulgarity).This movie was unbelievably juvenile. And not like that's such a bad thing. Juvenile humor CAN be quite hilarious (if it's clever), which imho this was definitely not. In Bridesmaids "Annie" took valium chased with hard liquor and questioned the flight attendant as to why his name was "Stove" (even though it was Steve) and drunkenly told him that "this is the 90's. It's civil rights" and he told her "you're in the wrong decade". Yeah, this was juvenile too, but imo it was very clever and hilarious. The "spoiler" was when Jada's character got into a harness (though she revealed that she had to pee) in New Orleans to zip line from one building to another with thousands below her. Her zip line got stuck halfway across and big surprise she projectile peed on the people below. Of course the audience laughed hysterically. I was not amused. Instead I was pretty depressed that this is what people find funny.
1 Ugh...where to begin? I liked Season 1 of Supergirl. Given its cheesy moments at times, Kara was an empowering character as she was coming into her own as a superhero. And Alex..Alex was actually my favorite female character. What was great about Season 1, for me, was that there were so many amazing, strong female characters, which is rare for television these days. Then Season 2 came around. I don't even want to get into how awful that season was with Kara taking a back seat to Mon El's story while having to watch her eventually hook up with him and become a side character in her own show. Plenty of other reviews have voiced their disdain for that disrespectful frat boy better than I ever could. I did love the addition of Lena Luthor and Alex's coming out story line. Fast forward to what we've endured so far in Season 3...Mon El is still somehow mentioned in every episode even though he's gone. Tech genius and all around bad ass Lena Luthor has given up LCorp so she can run CatCo...a company she knows nothing about and let's be honest...is a step down from being a female CEO at a tech company...an industry consisting mostly of men. Maggie is still only "Alex's girlfriend" and now Alex is suddenly obsessed with having children, (And has been grossly OOC this season) which is going to be the demise of Sanvers...one of the few healthy, positive w/w relationships on screen right now. Not to mention the writers can't even remember their own story lines and are making it up as they go along so they can get in as many jabs at Trump as they possibly can. (They're building a wall?) Really, because last time I checked, in the Supergirl world, Trump wasn't president. The only thing worth sticking around for at this point is the Sam/Reign story line. But I don't think it's worth enduring the rest of the dumpster fire writing that is continuing to plague this show. Sorry to say, I'm done with Supergirl. Which is sad, because I love the SG comics. And I was hoping we'd finally get great representation in a female superhero. Well, I was wrong. Guess I'm going to have to look elsewhere.
1 The premise of SHUTTER ISLAND was fresh and original...the first dozen or times it was utilized in a story.MAJOR SPOILERS AHEAD.BE WARNED.The idea that the main character is really a patient at the mental hospital, not a federal marshal investigating a disappearance there, has been done countless times. Very early in the narrative I figured out that the story was being told from inside Teddy's mind and kept waiting for some reason that this much money was being spent and this talented a group of people working so hard to tell this story. There must be some other twist coming that will make this worthwhile.Nope. It just gets worse and worse, and sillier and sillier.This would provide great material for Mystery Science Theater 3000. Tonight people all over the theater were laughing out loud, and not at any points that were supposed to be funny.The screenplay, to be generous, stinks. Fine actors read dialog that is as stilted as can be. The musical score is equally bad, with shuddering, ominous strings underlying scenes and trying valiantly to drown out the awful lines those poor actors were forced to say.Because the story is being told through the eyes of an insane characters, the continuity lapses are understandable. A hurricane blows over the island, causing considerable damage. For whatever reason, though, the storm is selective. Huge trees are uprooted in some places but in other places there is no visible damage at all.In one scene near the end Teddy wakes up to find three supporting characters standing around his bed. It brought to mind the scene at the end of THE WIZARD OF OZ when Dorothy wakes up to find her friends have been watching over her while she sleeps. Did Scorsese not realize the similarity? There was one fascinating mystery that I hoped would be explained but wasn't. Teddy makes his way to a lighthouse and runs up the stairs to find one of the doctors from the mental hospital in a office.OK. It's a lighthouse. There's a spiral staircase running through the middle of it. How in the world did the doctor manage to get a desk, chairs, file cabinet, lamps, etc., three stories up a spiral staircase? And why? I'd ask the same question of Scorsese. You and some brilliant actors made this turd.Why?
1 This was hard to sit through. Sub par acting and sub par writing. From beginning to end I was left wanting more...such a joke
1 (1/1/2017 Update edited for corrections; written as is.)Of course the first combat sequence was great. But unfortunately, I was considered a sociopath for snickering at a man wandering around to pick up his dismembered arm, while the camera is still shaking on the ground -- it became obvious that Spielberg tries too hard to elicit the emotions from a cynical person like me. I eventually became sick and nauseated at having been forced to watch the ultimately annoying and repetitive guerrilla cinematography, while the violence and mayhem prevails. Is it supposed to depict the reality of war? Maybe yes, but all it does is always impact, impact, impact, and I felt little or no emotion. After the first sequence, SPR stooped for the lowest level -- and I tried to keep awake during some tedious parts, but I ended up snickering and laughing at a few utterly lame and manipulative scenes (Remember Edward Burns' arrogantly stoic character and Tom Hanks' Capt. Miller's speech?). One of the biggest problems with the film is that the audience at first showed disdain for the translator because he's a "coward" (why the critics say this in their reviews is beyond me), and then cheered when he shot one of the German soldiers to death just to show his courage -- I found this disturbing. After the final battle, the music began to cue and there comes the greatest manipulative climax I've ever seen -- from the slowly progressing (and clichéd) morph scene to the banality of a final nationalistic scene with the U.S. flag waving for another 25 seconds. After I left the theater quietly, I let out intense rib-aching laughter all the way driving home. This is what Mr. Goldman observes as "phony and manipulative, to serve our Country." I'm sorry if I sound crude, but I debunk SPR for being blatantly manipulative and hypersentimental on par with Patch Adams, another worse movie that year.This is my honest opinion -- to observe, dissect and criticize -- and I don't trust the critics anymore, because they went overboard just for the realistic depiction of war violence, calling the movie "the greatest war movie ever made!" In truth, older war movies are much better in terms of writing and acting (Paths of Glory and The Longest Day) -- despite the fact that they're tame for not being profane and gory.And most importantly, SPR shouldn't be shown in English classes in high schools just as another critically overrated The Clockwork Orange shouldn't. It only serves to desensitize the kids because of the "war is bad" propaganda coupled with the U.S.-saluting totalitarianism. The epitome of a double-wham hypocrisy just like the propagandizing Nazi films.
1 RECIPE FOR "SPEED RACER" MOVIE: 2 Cups "300." 2 Cup "Cars." 4 Cups "The Fifth Element." 6 Cups "Dick Tracy." 3 cups "Batman and Robin." 3 Cups "The Brady Bunch." 1 tsp plot. Mix, drink, then vomit all over the place.A complete disaster for the Wachowski, who badly needed a comeback. They will be Lucky to ever work again. When the greatest entertainment value in a film comes from trying to figure out if John Goodman has lost weight, you know you have a bad film.Awful, awful, awful. The "Howard the Duck" of the 21st Century. This movie should be disemboweled.
1 I have a plea out on the message boards for someone to please explain this movie to me. I love movies and I am not one of those who insist on only being hand fed obvious characters and plots. I enjoy movies that make you think and use symbolism. But I honestly did not understand this film. Im not saying its horrible but I will say I don't think it deserves the ratings it is getting. I personally rated it a 1 because I feel compelled to balance out the absurd over ratings it is getting.What I saw was two men fighting over the same two million dollars. One who is somewhat good and obviously poor and the other who is this maniac psycho killer. Im not even sure its his money, how he knows about it or why he even wants it. None of that was clarified.The good guy is running with the money the bad guy is chasing him the sheriff seems like he is supposed to be chasing them but doesn't really want to and would rather be some sort of hillbilly philosopher about the whole thing.Then the good guy suddenly dies. The bad guy escapes death by the skin of his teeth AGAIN the money disappears and the sheriff retires but not becoming so philosophical that the whole movie just ends right there at his dinner table with him rambling on about some dreams he had.Again I would love to figure out this movie.I am a 40 year old movie buff Academy Award trivia expert I own over 700 movies I've been a member here for 6 years And I have a college degree.Maybe I ate too many milk duds or something but it went right over my head.If you are looking for a Donnie Darko, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind MUST SEE A SECOND OR THIRD TIME TO FULLY UNDERSTAND kind of movie then go for it!If you think you are going to see a Titanic, The Green Mile or Silence Of the Lambs kind of movie where the plot unfolds at a normal pace and doesn't make you search for answers and meaning then don't go see this thing. Again, not a bad movie. Great acting, cinematography, pace.... the works... just incredibly difficult to understand after the first half.In fact the first half is very good, suspenseful.. second half does not fulfill. Leaves you hanging and wanting more.OK Im done. Thanks for reading.
1 Although we have only just nudged our way into February I nominate this as a contender for Worst Film of 2017. It might even win.This is a film of two halves. In fact the transition between one and the other is so abrupt that you could be forgiven for thinking you are watching two different films. The first half is comprised of two acts.Act 1 sees us in Disneyland with a saccharine sweet love story told as only the Americans can do with a plethora of sickly smiles, gleaming perfect white teeth, pretty pastel colours and every damn country boy and country girl cliché in the teenage book of dreamy heart fluttering romance.Act 2 Army training camp. New wet behind the ears recruits and a sergeant major set on making men of them. Familiar territory. You know the score: the recruits will be wheeled out fully formed and ready labelled from the casting department.. The tough one. The farmer boy one. The handsome one. The oddly short one. The goofy one. And the evil one who from the off sets out to make our hero's life a misery. And the signpost also tells you that an hour down the line in this film they will be best buddies. The sergeant major now does what all sergeant majors do in every boot camp film you have ever seen he yells and screams bawls and bellows just half an inch from the face of every recruit. Of course he saves the best of his decibels for our hapless hero.Turns out our hero doesn't want to carry a rifle he just wants to be a medic. So instead of congratulating him on this noble and potentially useful choice of army career he gets bawled out and they treat him like something the sergeant major scraped of the bottom of his size twelve boots.But with the help of his demented dad and his pretty and expertly permed smiling gal our hero escapes a court martial. The gal gives her guy a bible. We saw that coming. Part Two: Our hero and his buddies are gathered at the foot of a cliff. The only way up to Hacksaw Ridge is via a single wide rope ladder. Atop the ridge are approximately a quarter of a million Japanese soldiers. All is quiet. And you can't help wondering why those evil Nips (their term, not mine) haven't simply chopped down the rope ladder or why they are not massed along the top lobbing mortars and grenades down on the troops below.But we have been assured at the start of this epic masterpiece that we are watching a true story so we have to accept that this is how it happened. But that rope ladder still bothers me.However...the troops clamber up the ladder and they are on top of the cliff – and all hell breaks loose after a bombardment from some offshore guns.Now let me state here that I have read about the battles against the Japanese for control of the Pacific islands and am fully aware of the terrible fighting that ensued. The Japanese fought with suicidal recklessness not seen since Medieval times. But in this film that fighting is presented in such an orgiastic way with almost pornographic detail of spilled entrails, pools of glistening blood, severed limbs, decapitated heads, mangled half torsos and spaghetti shredded legs that the suspicion is that the director and writers have intentionally set out to out-gore every war film that has gone before. Every time a soldier looks up a bullet neatly penetrates his helmet and skull. Every time there is an explosion three men are catapulted into the air by some clever hidden device. And then there is more blood and guts and half- men screaming for their moms. The tidal wave of Japs overwhelms the US soldiers and miraculously they all escape down the one rope ladder. It's not shown how they get their wounded down there but hey ho... What of our hero...? Well he is still up top – now alone with the dead and wounded that have been left behind. A few Japs take some pot shots at him but then they all disappear back to their tunnels for some chow.Leaving our hero free to drag the wounded to the cliff edge. This is an heroic task in itself but now he has to get them to safety. He proceeds to lower them down the two hundred feet sheer cliff face. Actually there are only two blokes down there, smoking and chewing the fat. But they do a sterling job sending the wounded back to camp. Oddly no-one thinks to send a soldier or two – or twenty – up the trusty rope ladder to help our hero. They just hang around below waiting for the next dangling hospital candidate.And so it goes on. When our exhausted hero does eventually fling himself down with a rope there just happens to be scores of his buddies waiting for him. Shame they didn't have the balls to go up and help him. But they all line up cinematically so that our hero can be led away.At the risk of upsetting the 'Special Relationship' we have with our pilgrim brothers and sisters on the other side of the pond – and I know my fellow countrymen will understand this – Hacksaw Ridge is just too American. A much better script and a British director would have delivered a subtle, more sympathetic film with less of your usual jingoism and more of the real drama and nuances of war.This is a true story. A story of towering heroism. Real men fighting real battles. But in this mess of a film that story has been reduced to nothing more than a comic book reality. And all concerned deserved better than that.
1 The movie itself is _just_awful. Half the dialog seems to be "go, just go". Yeah, really. But my biggest problem with the flick (and books for that matter) is that fact that they're just one big lazy rip-off of every YA post-holocaust survival test story we've ever heard of. It's one thing to do a genre piece - it's another to not even present logical reasons for the 'cool' stuff you want in your story. eg. @ WCKD headquarters (oh they can't be serious with that hyper-obvious name?!): WCKD Scientist 1: "These teens have the secret to beating the disease" WCKD Scientist 2: "Oh cool, let's run some blood tests, check their DNA, maybe do some CAT scans..." WCKD Scientist 1: "Naaah, why don't we basically re-create that historic TV show Big Brother, add a dash of 'Survivor', and somehow that will tell us what's so special about these kids!" WCKD Scientist 2: "Oh, well, yeah....why didn't I think of that?! It'll certainly give us plenty of opportunity for people who don't ask too many questions about a plot to gaze mindlessly at the screen when we broadcast it....yeah, let's make some money!!"Further to that, this movie has...wait for it.....zombies. Yes, that staple of so many low-grade flicks and TV shows these days, zombies. Could the writer have tried just one iota harder to come up with something original? Apparently not. Final verdict? Don't waste your time on this one ...you'll hate yourself for it if you do, lol =)
1 Save your money... Unless, of course you are 14, or your brain is 14... Even the good deal I got on popcorn wasn't worth the trip, or the time, or the bother... See the movie, or eat a Pepsi bottle, plastic or a glass one - it's a toss-up... I vote for the glass bottle...I could go on, but what's the point? If you haven't got it figured out now, fuhgeddabboudit...Bless...
1 Very below average film, but the worst aspect for me is Adam Devine needs to get a clue that we already have a Jack Black, so his inferior impression throughout the film destroyed the experience for me. Why would they make a film, with the lead imitating such a success as Jack Black?
1 I can't believe I sat through this entire movie. I can't believe Stephanie Meyer approves of it. I can't believe the acting is so dreadful. I can't believe some people actually think this is an all-right, let alone great, ending to the movie franchise. Admittedly, I am inclined to be negatively critical of movies that are not faithful to the original story or characters on which they are based - especially if I liked the original. I was mildly tolerant of the 4 movies leading up to this one because I felt the important parts of the story lines were there even though the actors didn't measure up to the characters that had formed in my mind from reading the books. This final movie, on the other hand, rushes through the story barely touching on some parts I feel are important, in order to include a culminating scene which is not part of the original story, and which itself has to be absurdly unbelievable to any fan of the book series. Two actors, Lautner and Sheen, do the best they can with the terrible dialoge they were given, but not one other character utters a believable syllable the entire time. I should have stayed home and re-read the book, and would heartily advise others to do the same.
1 I don´t understand why comedies are so bad this days. These Directors should learn about 80´s comedies. They were so diverse, funny and not all relied on sex and drugs. A lot of them were comedies where you could watch with your family. Now it´s all about cheap jokes, sex and drugs and so many good actors/actresses wasted in these so called comedies. We need real family comedies as times get darker nowadays and most movies have darker tones.
1 I HIGHLY recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys flying lettuce, terrible acting, giant Oprah in a mermaid costume, or awful confusing plots with terrible direction. Disney - as someone who had to sit through this film I respectfully request that you use your Marvel money to build a time machine and give 2 hours back to any audience forced to see this abomination.
1 First of all, I would like to address fans of the TV show who hate this film. I am always shocked how many people feel that this film was "unfaithful" to the original series. I would invite you to go back and watch the very early episodes of the series, before it became a camped-up disaster (admit it!), and see how similar the two are.The 1998 film is often a straight remake of the original, only, frankly, much better.The idea of a film about a single family trying to survive and function by itself when they are all alone in outer space is loaded with potential, and I think this film did as much as could be expected in what was planned to be a three-movie series.There's a lot to like in this movie--first of all, it's a science fiction movie that the whole family can actually enjoy, not just the twenty-year-old son living in the basement. The special effects were very impressive for the day and some of them hold up very well. There's a kick-ass end credit sequence (how often do I get to say that?) featuring a new version of the classic Lost in Space theme song. There's some exciting action scenes, good performances by the adult leads, cool production design, some genuinely touching moments, and two not-overly-cute performances by a child actors, which is extremely rare. Penny is actually something resembling a real character this time around. Also, the fact that the queenish, goofy Dr. Smith actually becomes a threatening and very creepy villain by the end of the film is no small feat.The story is sometimes episodic, but all comes together very well. Small details become important plot points later in the film in surprising ways.Now, there are some down sides. The script is by Akiva Goldsman, best known for his Oscar-winning screenplay for A Beautiful Mind. However, comic book fans will always remember him as a boogey-man who concoted the script for Joel Schumacher's infamous film Batman and Robin. This script is somewhere in the middle in terms of quality. Although it is very clever at times and manages to incorporate favorite bits from the series, some of the dialogue will definitely remind the viewer of Arnold Schwartzennager's infamous Ice puns from Batman and Robin and will definitely make the eyes roll. Matt Leblanc is stuck with most of this. Akiva Goldsman has always written terrible, shameless "buzz" dialogue, quips where a character tries to say something clever and cool. It's painful at times. Gary Oldman also has a few of his own, in which he actually has to refer to himself as evil. Seriously, what villain actually knows that they are evil? Despite some cliché moments, which can easily be forgiven by young members of the audience (a large chunk), Lost in Space is an above-average adventure movie. It's exciting, occasionally funny, and has likable characters. I only wish the sequel materialized, I think it only could have gotten better.
1 I cannot believe that Rotten tomatoes gave this movie a score of 89% fresh. I would like to get a refund from the site. The movie is over the top trashy just to get laughs...totally failed. I cannot even give this 1 star. Acting is horrible. Filled with appalling stereo types. Don't waste your time.
1 I am so disgusted with this movie and its rating that I have decided to sign up here for the first time and write my opinion. There is no way this movie is a 7.0/10. Not even close and it never will be. If this is a 7.0 then Salvation is a 14.0/10. James Cameron should be ashamed for even entertaining the idea that this movie is good. He has made me realize that everyone can be bought for the right amount. I hope he got paid a lot of money to say "If you are a terminator fan, you will love this movie", because he has lost a lot of respect with that statement. Hope it was worth it James!I waited for this movie every day counting down as the days go by. I went to see it with my wife and I felt sorry for her she had to sit through the eye ball torture. I wanted to walk out a couple of times after countless cheesy jokes and terrible acting but I didn't. I thought I would stick through it because it has to get better until I witnessed the helicopter scene. At that moment I realized that the terminator franchise is nothing more than a childhood dream. Anyone who rated this movie above 3 stars on here is either getting paid by someone or 13 years old since after all it was a PG-13 movie.Terminator 1 was good. I rate 8/10.Terminator 2 was great. I rate 9/10.Terminator 3 was decent, hated the overly futuristic female T-X. Ending was good and we finally see Judgement Day. I rate 6/10.Salvation was good once you got passed Bale's Batman voice. At least it was getting into the future war and heading the right direction after T3. No fancy robots, just cold steel cyborgs with one acceptable twist (Marcus). The T600 was awesome. I rate 7/10.Than comes Genisys, a Saturday Night Live skit at best. Was this a wannabe comedy or a terminator movie? We have a Kyle Reese that is cocky and looks like he should be the Terminator. Probably worst acting I have seen in a movie. We have John Connor that is some weird combination of human/nano technology/robot/liquid metal that is so far out there that it is stupid. Yes, stupid. We have the new Sarah which is not so bad other than the weird interactions between her and Kyle. It was awkward at best. We have Pops who is the terminator who is a father figure and competes with Kyle for his "daughter's" approval. He awkwardly smiles a lot and repeats the same punch lines over and over as if we didn't get it the first 6 times. It is border line offensive to average human intelligence. Add to that ridiculous scenes like the helicopter chase towards the end which defies logic and I am ready to question anyone's intelligence who rates this movie as anything above a joke.Some people say "it was a fun summer flick, lighten up and just enjoy it for the action". What action? The crap CGI all over and helicopters from starwars? The T800s looked better in the originals. I wanted to enjoy it and went in with an open mind not expecting much but I wasn't prepared for what I actually witnessed. It was the worst summer flick I have ever seen that has actually insulted me for wanting to watch it. (if that's even possible) It was a joke and a mockery at best. It can't be taken seriously even if you wanted to. It fails at being a terminator movie. It fails at being a "true sequel to T1&T2". It fails at being funny. It fails at having ground breaking CGI. If fails at having a story. It fails at character development. It fails at having good sound effects. The music is TERRIBLE! It even destroys the prequels timelines which I don't care for really if it was good. It has nothing going for it. I walked out of the theater dumbfounded at what I have just watched. My wife laughed at me and said "this is what you waited for all these months? WOW. Terminator 2 is still my favorite."
1 This movie sucks big time. There is no plot whatsoever. Just a bunch of grown adults playing the parts of teenagers who are beyond nasty and vulgar with how they talk and act. It's like everyone is trying way too hard to be funny and shocking. The way they show these teenagers doing drugs, drinking and having sex is such a bad example for teenagers who will watch this. There is no meaning to this movie. What a waste.
1 I really thought that this might be another awesome movie as "The Day after Tomorror". But i can't express how much i got disappointed... Every time the music gets exciting you already know what will happen. And it will always happen.For example (***SPOLIER***): When Jackson Curtis drives to his (Ex-)Wife to try to save them you see the TV in their kitchen and Schwarzenegger tells that everything will be fine. Its so foreseeable that in the next seconds something will happen because of the music getting louder and the zoom-in of his face...and here the earthquake comes...and of course Jackson is coming though their open (?) door and saves them and makes a joke about the car of his ex-wife's new boyfriend crashing down a huge cliff which opened right next to their old houseother logical mistakes:How could it be a secret when they built huge ships in a few years? There had to be thousands of people working on those ships.
1 This show starring Lucy Hale has comedy potential, but the story most certainly is all over the place. You kind of get a headache when you are taken along for the ride with Stella (played by Hale) and discover with her all the secrets her family kept to themselves while she was sick. There are sweet messages dropped in throughout the pilot and crazy interactions between siblings, parents, etc. but nothing to really grab onto except for Stella's humorous marriage relationship. Wes (played by Elliot Knight) and Stella were probably the best part of the series beginning. Her readjustment for the future basically drives the show...however I'll mention once again that Hale and Knight are the real gems. All the other characters make for okay curveballs as the series tries to continue, though they tug more at your pity than your funny bone. Also, the medical aspect of the series and how Stella is cured from her cancer does a fine job of throwing in a unique angle at how to perceive "living" and takes away the dark and off-putting circumstance that cancer can be. Instead, Life Sentence chose to approach cancer in a more light-hearted way that causes you to view the disease as a hurdle rather than an antagonistic monster...not allowing cancer the satisfaction of winning (something I appreciate).
1 I got to see an advance screening last night. If you're a fan of the first Sin City, you won't be disappointed. It's more of the same, but that's a good thing: hyper-stylized visuals, intense violence, plenty of splattered blood. Film Noir cranked up to 11. Jessica Alba doing her stripper grind? CHECK. Mickey Rourke causing much harm? CHECK. Josh Brolin is new to the franchise and he is GREAT! JGL is new to the franchise and he is GREAT! But the film really belongs to Powers Boothe. He is just pure evil. If you liked him as Cy Tolliver in Deadwood you'll love him in this. The only drawback is that the original Miho (Asian female killer) was apparently pregnant at the time of the filming of the sequel, so they had to replace her. That's kind of a bummer.Fans of the comic / graphic novel will be happy. Fans of Robert Rodriguez will be happy. GO!
1 Dirty Grandpa (Dick Kelly) played by Robert De Niro is the 'also story' in this limp wet attempt at comedy. The plot is more about Jason Kelly, played by Zac Efron, tuning into his wild side while being well entrenched into the American lawyer corporate image lifestyle. So grandpa is mostly in the background being 'old age naughty' while Mr. Efron gets to run around 'butt nekkid' strung out on booze and drugs. (Do you think this little 'used tissue' of a flick was made just to show off Zac's fabo body?) YES!The movie is unfunny start to finish. I've had better laughs visiting patients in the Alzheimer's wing in nursing homes!We've seen this set-up so many times - college kids on break being drunk and partying 24-7! Dirty Grandpa wants to spread is old stale oats with young chicks now that he's a 'widower'. And the grandson or son acting the uptight straight forward role trying to keep the salacious & swaggering old man from misbehaving. The attempt here is completely lost in the sophomoric attempt at potty-mouth humor.Forget this flick!
1 BDSM does not equal RapePersonally, I do not particularly enjoy watching movies that revolve around emotionless, bland characters who have absolutely no chemistry whatsoever. The film: random incident, awkward sex. Repeat that fifty times and ta-dah, ladies and gentlemen. That's Fifty Shades of Grey in a nutshell.Is it a comedy? A porno? A thriller? A horror? How about we take the worst parts of all four and mix them together.You know what? This shouldn't even qualify as a porno. All it looked like was really close-up shots of skin. It made me feel physically unwell. Don't watch this movie.
1 David Bowie introduces the first five minutes of Valerian, and perhaps its fitting we should have the Starman himself lead us into a glimpse of what the future could hold for humans and all interstellar life.By the time Mr. Bowie completes his Space Oddity, we've learned that the titular City of a Thousand Planets is the international space station hundreds of years in the future.suddenly, a peaceful seashell world is decimated without explanation.from there, Valerian and Laureline take over the action as two agents in pursuit of their stolen commander, and everything gets weird from there. Director Luc Besson is his own starman here, and he commands the world of Valerian with pizazz and passion. Not everything works, as our space agents wrestle dialogue that falls pancake flat; but the actors play well off each other and comedic moments succeed more than fail. The ending half of the film loses steam,except for Rihanna's literally acrobatic performance,but Valerian is a bonkers crazy, geeky, and likable space opera that can only come from someone who's imagination is truly free.
1 Just hear me out. On a Bergman high with The Seventh Seal I went on a rampage to see the first Bergman film I could find - guess I have to look at what the film is about before I start searching.The movie starts with flashy images, I don't mind art-house movies but I prefer them when they have focus more on what it's trying to say through plot (which this doesn't). I was like "well that was pointless - hopefully it gets better", No it doesn't. The movie continues with a nurse helping an actress regain her speech. They end up being alone together on a beach house. It's just one person talking, and talking, and talking, and talking... Just when Bergman almost pushed me over the edge midway - HE DID. By having those same flashy images there.If you want to sit through one woman talking with flashy images then I suggest this to you. I have seen Bergman do SO MUCH BETTER THAN THIS. Watch a movie like The Seventh Seal instead, at least that had a running storyline that was easy to comprehend and wasn't just there to add depth to nothing.
1 Watched this purely because I tend to enjoy Adam Devine films. Watched it with my partner and the casting is fantastic and the film is ridiculously funny! I mean belly laughable! A great idea story plot, and the writing is genius in its own right! Hoping they do a second
1 If you want to enjoy this do not ask logical questions. Of course if I wanted a documentary movie , but logical inconsistencies here are too much...How a camera mounted on boomerang would not flip?How the boomerang was capable to hover?Why the enchantress didn't took the Amanda Waller's phone and killed the whole suicide squad?How the El Diablo didn't triggered the explosive when he went full fire?How the explosive was capable to kill the 'brother' but combination of fire, bullets and katana cuts was not? Explosion didn't look so powerful...Why at her final appearance Amanda Waller had her fingers on the touch screen of her phone and this didn't kill anyone? Who gave Harley a cell phone? And did't spy her communication at least? This could save few marine's life and a helicopter.Why Deadshot,Boomerang,Slipknot,Harley Quinn (and even Katana) were considered as meta humans?Why Amanda took the helicopter as it was the helicopter? There was no helicopter operational more than 2 minutes , before it was took down.Does the enchantress has two hearts at the end? How nobody recognized her brother's statue as a dangerous thing? Was his heart hidden somewhere? And what kind of archaeologist was June? She brook the potential precious artifact?And she was alone in the jungle?Why Slipknot was not present in the initial intro of the 'metahumans'. He came out of nowhere and died stupidly.How the squad attached so fast to each other? Especially the boomerang who killed his biddy during the robbery.And even a simple pistol is a superior weapon than this stupid boomerangs.What was the point of captain boomerang , except the hovering boomerang with the camera?And the joker was a joke. Who the hell thought that a joker without eyebrows will be a good idea. His face is so expressionless without the eyebrows.And these flashbacks were so chaotic....
1 I am a huge fan of the original series. I grew up to that show, it was and perhaps still is a huge part of my life.You can't judge much of a new hit Television show by the Pilot. The original 90210 series, the first few episodes had their corny lines, and things just weren't all placed together. First things first the Walsh's house had a different set in the first few episode's along with Kelly's mom being a different actress.There's a lot to be said about this show. First of all they rushed this series to open this fall. I feel that if they had patience they could have perhaps released it in the year 2010 and well the series premiere would be on 9.02.10 but oh well, they couldn't wait two years.A next generation television show has been created about 7ish years ago, Degrassi- The Next Generation, which is aired on The-N (a Canadian television network). I personally love that show and I feel the production value of that is a lot better than this 90210 series. Again, it's only been one episode so who knows it can grow to be even better than Degrassi. I liked how they brought the original cast members in Degrassi better than 90210. It made more sense.For Rob Estes character, someone who was never on the original 90210 series and they mention how he used to go to Beverly Hills. I felt that was very much unnecessary.I still think that the original 90210 cast is too young for a comeback series, it's only been 8 years. It would have been great to see their children be the new students (just like Degrassi). I don't think it makes sense how they wrote Brenda in the show. The dialog between Brenda and Kelly was awkward and "unrealistic" from the original series. It didn't make sense. Plus Kelly's sister's name is "Erin" and not "Silver".(unless I missed them say the name Erin in the show.) And they did have Andrea Zuckerman's Daughter in the show "Hannah Zuckerman" but, wouldn't Hannah be around 12 years of age? There's a few aspects of the show that has definitely been done before with Degrassi and South of Nowhere. I feel like it's lacking originality and the dialog is very corny. It doesn't feel realistic in a teenage world especially when some guy impresses a girl he just met to go on a Jet. I'm sorry but that is too far fetched and ridiculous.Bottom line, if they didn't rush to get the series on air, the show could have been written A LOT BETTER. And I feel that they should bring back more of the original characters. The more original characters they bring the ratings will most likely go up. I do love how Nat is there but I do not care for the new peach pitt design, they should have kept the original set up. I think it's great to have new characters, but keep the old! To conclude my opinion: Will I continue to watch this series? Yes! In hopes that it will get better!
1 I cannot understand why so many users are raving about this film.  Yes, it is original.  Yes, the lead actress is cute and holds your attention. Yes, the other characters are bizarre and sometimes funny. But REALLY !!!! This is one of the highest rated films on imdb?  I have been a movie geek for almost 50 years, and this did NOT even remotely jump out at me as an all-time great film.  It is enjoyable fluff, nothing more.  Did it make me feel good about life?  No. I already was OK when I watched it, and it didn't move me, touch me in any real way. I expected so much more, from all the reviews.  I was disappointed.It is like cotton candy as opposed to homemade chocolate.  French cinema has produced much better than this.  Jules & Jim, Z, 400 Blows, Manon of the Spring, to name a few.
1 A Finnish commentator compared this film to American prison drama OZ . I love OZ , it`s my all time favourite American show , it`s compelling and brilliantly acted , adjectives you could use to describe AMERICAN HISTORY X. However while the HBO show suffers from lapses in logic there`s enough going on in different sub plots for you not to notice these flaws but seeing similar flaws in this film you can`t help but notice themFirst let me point out the good aspects . As said this movie contains great performances . In real life Ed Norton reminds me of the Kevin character from HARRY ENFIELD AND CHUMS with his floppy hairstyle and his back to front baseball cap but he always gives a good performance . In this movie he gives a GREAT performance as Derek the skin head from hell . Edward Furlong also gives a GREAT performance as Derek`s younger brother Danny . Norton earned an Oscar nod but strangely Furlong seemed to miss out , a pity . Tony Kaye also shows us he had great potential as a director , and it`s one helluva shame it`s unlikely we`ll be seeing either Furlong or Kaye as big Hollywood names***** SPOILERS *****But it`s the script that brings the film down , and in some places it`s quite woeful . Derek kills a couple of armed home boys who turn up at his house and he`s convicted of manslaughter . I know this is a plot device but couldn`t it have been better done ? Is it possible any jury would have convicted Derek for protecting his property from armed burglers . I guess all the jurors were called Goldberg and Rubinstein ? And I`ve got to agree with everyone who don`t buy the idea of Derek making friends with a black guy inside prison even after Derek gets raped by the skin head gang  , oh and how many prisons in America have a mix of one third black , one third hispanic and one third Nazi/peckerwood ?  It`s unrealistic the reasons why Derek stopped being a Nazi but it`s even more unrealistic why he became one in the first place - His Father used the " N " word a few times ! Of course the real reason might have been that his Father was murdered by a black gang but if that`s the case then why include the dinner scene ? It`s just confusing . There`s also another confused dinner scene where Derek`s mother invites a Jewish teacher around the family table . Would a Jew want to share a table with a couple of Nazi teenagers ?But the major flaw is with the ending . AMERICAN HISTORY X is a very obvious redemption plot but Danny being murdered at the end doesn`t tie in with Derek`s redemption . If Derek remained a Nazi Danny would have died , if Derek had become a flower arranger with Greenpeace Danny would have died . No matter what Derek would have done Danny would still have been murdered . When writing a redemption plot it`s essential the ending of the movie ties in with the protagonist`s road to Damascus .AMERICAN HISTORY X possibly does deserve to be in the IMDB top 250 movies but not at number 58 . It contains great performances but also some very poor scripting especially poor character motivation . If you want to see a better , more thought provoking film concerning race hate watch ROMPER STOMPER
1 This movie was a big disappointment to me and my husband. Multiple scenes did not ring true and numerous times character interaction made little sense, e.g. the scene where she falls and then he falls was totally bizarre and full of dumb ideas. Also the last telephone conversation with her son was unbelievable in its harshness. You had to pity him for having such a mother. This story is apparently based on a fictional book. Fiction rarely proves more interesting than real life. I found this movie to be poorly written and nothing like real life. The wife's character could be helpful to her husband with regard to daily activities, but overall her actions proved unloving, manipulative, and selfish. Why would anyone want to watch a movie that unsuccessfully tried to glorify such a character?
1 What a piece of boring crap. I kept on watching the movie hoping it would get better.But it just kept on getting worse. Worse and more boring as the movie goes on. And it started out boring as hell. It's basically a copy-cat of "A Monster Calls", except the protagonist here is a little girl, instead of a little boy. The setting here is in the US, instead of England. Why would they copy a movie and just change the characters around like that? Anyway, do not waste your time with this sorry piece of crap of a copy-cat movie. If you want to see a story about a kid coping with a dying parent, then watch "A Monster Calls", which is so much better.
1 I watched this movie on the aeroplane after searching through the movie list and not finding anything else interesting to watch. I didn't even know what the film was called until the ending credits. However, what I saw was amazing - the acting and scenery was excellent and the plot was thought provoking. More people should watch this to appreciate the message to us all. I was also surprised to see it was was actually a true story which made it even more interesting (I love films that are based on true stories). It is one of the best movies i've seen that portrays the contrast between a materialistic world vs the natural world that is at the core of the universe. This is a film that can easily be overlooked but not forgotten.
1 a crew responsible for thousands should contain only the smartest people. here nobody ever heard of quarantine or security protocols. the plot is boring and predictable (last 10 minutes of the film make you: "facepalm"). you also have two class quality visuals fx that range from poor to really good. sry as hard as i think, there is absolutely nothing good about this film.
1 Whilst waiting for this film to come out I must admit that I nursed a growing sense of expectancy: the cast seemed strong; the original film has achieved cult status; the storyline is a classic dating back to Ancient Greece and from the trailers it looked aesthetically pleasing. In my naivety I couldn't see where Hollywood could go wrong, after all it's never let us down in the past! Right?! With this being said, I was therefore completely taken aback when the final credits rolled on this dismal, dithering train-wreck of a film. Before I critique this film though I must warn you that there are possible spoilers below, so if you are definitely going to watch this film don't read on! I find it difficult to know where to start with this film, I think I'll first outline the few positives: The CGI (especially of the Kraken) is very impressive, Gemma Arterton is a stone cold fox, it has a beginning, a middle and an end. There, that's just about it.Now for the negatives: The dialogue is corny, unlovable, embarrassing to watch at times and so contrived that it actually makes you uncomfortable, the exact same can be said of Sam Worthington and pretty much every other character in this tripe. The plot seems to make no sense as the Director spends next to no time on the background to the story, things just seem to happen randomly and for no reason that you particularly care about. The action scenes are as boring and predictable as you could possibly imagine, the giant scorpions in particular had me yawning. I'm not even exaggerating.On top of that I found myself not caring at all if the island gets destroyed at the end by the Kraken, as both Perseus and Andromeda are so bland and shallow as characters that I felt no connection with them whatsoever. The 3D is also below-par, with everything appearing blurry and unfocused, and it just seems like an unnecessary gimmick that was added on as an afterthought. The finale is also abysmal to the point of incredulity, I point to the fact that Perseus spends more time chasing down one of those Hades-bird-creatures than actually trying to kill the massive titan currently hell-bent on destroying a civilisation. I also point to the cringe-inducing "comic relief" of the scorpion, ridden by two instantly forgettable characters, helping out Perseus by killing one of the Hades-monster things. My last point is focused at the anti-climactic defeat of the Kraken, I mean just showing it the head? Is that really all it takes? A titan which was powerful enough for Gods to fear it, being killed by a frightful stare? I know that was consistent with the original storyline but it was very disappointing all the same and you're left thinking... was that it? This film is another black mark on the copybook that is Hollywood high budget rubbish. Clash of the Titans would fit in nicely alongside The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor and Transformers 2 as an example of how a big budget can totally ruin, instead of enhancing a cinematic experience.Final Thoughts: Go see the formidable and wonderful How to Train Your Dragon instead of this sleazy, rambling, thoughtless, shallow, pedantic embarrassment of a film.
1 OK, I just got out of the advanced screening of this movie, I saw the IMDb ratings drop a few points in the time it took me to drive home. I can't blame the voters. In fact, as we were leaving the staff asked if we had any comments about the movie, I winced as if in pain, my buddy was perplexed, and the guy in front of us said and I quote, "Don't make a part two."This movie should not hit theaters, maybe go to cable t.v. On a boring Tuesday night when nothing else is on. Now, I put the spoiler warning and I bet you are wondering what the movie was about. Well, that is how you feel in the movie. The plot takes forever to kick in.The quick run through, 1950's/60's suburbia (can catch that in the name) black family moves in the town. Town goes in an uproar, someone breaks into Matt Damon's house kills his wife. Yes, there is zero correlation between the black family moving in and Matt Damon's wife getting murdered. In fact, you watch the movie and you will see the black family actually plays no significant part in the movie, they are just there for filler and to politicize the movie. So now the wife is dead and you are wondering why. You actually spent the first half of the movie wondering why. Spoiler, life insurance scam.Matt falls in love with his wife's sister, Matt hires hit-man, hit- man kill wife, Now the hit-man want their money, the life insurance company sees through the scam. People start dying, and the credits begin rolling. You have no connection to the characters on the screen, you try to feel bad for the kid in the movie, but he is so emotionless you can't really feel bad for him. It makes it even more difficult to feel bad when your brain is confused because the writers/actors/director can't decide if they want the movie to be funny or serious. In fact the only person I thought was even remotely interesting was Uncle Mitch, but he only has about 2 minutes of screen time. If I could speed summarize this movie, I would almost want to call it a murder mystery with a men who stare at goats twist, but it doesn't really click with whatever this movie was.Rated 2 because the acting was decent at least.
1 This crap is too much. After watching this garbage I felt like someone urinated on my childhood (a safe place where Ghostbusters was admired as fantastic cinema).Go ahead and search Paul Feig (director and writer) and Katie Dippold (writer) and you'll figure out in two seconds that these clowns should never have been allowed to go near this film.The acting sucks, the plot sucks, the editing sucks, the effects suck, the casting sucks, the attempt to do role reversal sucks, the directing sucks, the writing sucks, the staging sucks.The only good thing in this film is the few seconds you get to see Bill Murry on screen.I'm actually sorry I watched this because now my beloved memory of Ghostbusters is tarnished
1 No action, no characters, no chemistry, no plot, no.... nothing. Wish to say more but.... nothing to say actually. Absolutely useless, pointless, boring movie. Actors just spending time, you can actually see what they do not want to play at all. I honestly do not understand why in 21 century movie business still can't cancel dead project at very beginning phase.
1 I read some of the last critics and was astonished, that ratings for this movie are either very high or very low, which shows that these people weren't critic at all. I had a great deal of expectations when I watched this movie. Many friends said it is superb and I like all the other Kubrick movies I watched so far. But yeah. First of all the complete movie is filmed with a very keen eye on details. The ape costumes for example are great and the space vessels seem very realistic. The effects are much ahead of its time and are still remarkable today. But there is much missing. After the initial ape scene, which has some great shots the really boring part begins. Wee see spaceships with Strauss' Danube waltz in the background. It is pretty, for about 5 minutes, but after it is just boring. The music keeps repeating and all is very very slow. Some of the former critics say that you have to appreciate the beauty in it. Well spacecrafts aren't exactly beautiful and the statement, you have to enjoy this movie as a picture is stupid, because it is a movie after all. Maybe Kubrick chose the wrong medium for his 'art'. Later on even the music itself stops and it gets worse and worse. Some critics said the ships must be slow for being realistic. That is stupid, because in space velocity is relative and it wouldn't be less realistic if the ship was faster or slower. Over all there isn't much of a plot, which doesn't need to be a bad thing if the rest is entertaining. But it isn't entertaining, therefore plot is missing. I have to admit, that the end became interesting again. After a psychedelic sequence, where one doesn't know what it means come a few very good scenes. My friend insisted, that one can't really grasp the whole thing without reading the book along. But that is not the characteristic of a great movie. The psychedelic experience could also have been caused by a lack of oxygen leading to a dream sequence. One couldn't know the difference. I believe, if you'd take only the first ape sequence and the last aging and rebirth sequence you would really get a fascinating movie. What I most hate about the movie are the people watching it and telling me it is one of the best movies of all time. These are the same kind of people that visit an art gallery for the sake of telling other people that they are interested in art. Even my friend, who praised the movie, suddenly admitted that the movie is in fact boring for the most part. Art is not good because it bores you. It is the same mentality as saying, that culture has to be boring and that boring things are culture. And yes, I am not the kind of person who loves action movies. If it would be an intelligent movie, it wouldn't be boring, because really intelligent movies aren't boring. People brag about the philosophical meanings of this movie. What is the meaning of a flying spacecraft? Why has to be a philosophical meaning in a fictional short story containing aliens teaching mankind? There simply isn't one. Most people say that this movie is awesome because their friends do and this makes me angry. To sum it up: Boring as a whole but has some interesting genius scenes. It is not a bad movie, but also definitely not great and it is certainly not mediocre.
1 Hype can kill a movie, and I think the fanboys can't handle the fact that this film isn't the cinematic masterpiece it was made out to be. Therefore, they still give the film 10/10 because they can't accept failure. I think this Avengers vs. TDKR crap has really riled them up (note, I am NOT an Avengers fanboy). Ever since the release of The Dark Knight, there have been a new legion of insane fanboys and they outnumber everyone. They are always right, we are wrong. But hey, TDKR is amazing because it's supposed to be, right? Wrong.Let's discuss the film at hand. It's called The Dark Knight Rises which is a stupid name for a movie. Let's discuss how dumb this movie is.John Blake randomly figures out Batman's identity. So according to Blake's logic, every orphan knows who Batman is. Give me a break.The nuclear reactor changes into a bomb in a few minutes. Do some research, this is impossible. It's also funny how it has a LED display. LOL.So, Bruce Wayne falls in love with Selina Kyle after she steals his mother's necklace, steals his car, and then sets him up against Bane which resulted in his back being broken. Explain, why does Bruce love/trust her after all that? It makes no sense. And why does Catwoman randomly change from bad to good? No explanation, which shows the laziness of the screenwriters.The prison Bruce is sent to has a way to escape with no guards. What a weak plot device. You'd think Bane would leave some of his men there just to make sure nothing goes wrong. I mean, he obviously knows people can escape. And plus there is a rope Bruce throws down after he leaves. Couldn't any average Joe just walk up there and throw the rope down? Come on Bane... I thought you were smarter than this!How did Bruce make that jump with an injured knee? No explanation. Lazy screen writing.If you do your research, you will learn that Bruce magically healing his back like that is impossible. More lazy screen writing.Why did Talia wait so long to blow Gotham up? Why not do it right when Batman returns, right when the people regain hope? But she waits, and waits, and waits... also got to love her Razzie worthy death scene.Funny how Batman stands around listening to Talia's final speech when there is a bomb about to blow up the city!Batman gets stabbed but he's OK... because he's Batman.Uhm, why didn't Batman use any gadgets against Bane in the first fight? Well, he used those lame firecrackers, but you're telling me he doesn't have anything better? Seriously.Catwoman possesses the ability to magically appear wherever she needs to be. Kind of like the Joker. It's a pretty cool super-power.The writers couldn't think of anything more original than a bomb timed to blow up a city? Like that hasn't been used before. What a shame that this final film resorts to using so many clichés.TDKR is a fat ripoff of THE WORLD IS NOT ENOUGH, which is a James Bond film. More lazy screen writing.Uh, Bane and his minions magically get motorcycles after the Stock Exchange heist.Day randomly changes to night.Poorly choreographed fight scenes (Nolan is TERRIBLE at shooting action).How about sending almost all of Gotham's police force in the sewers to get Bane? Please explain to me what makes sense about that.Yeah, this film is unrealistic garbage and is an insult to film lovers. If you like clichés, hectic pacing, plot holes, forced romances, cheesy dialogue, and lame action scenes, then this film is for you!
1 When I found this tape in my collection, I was astounded that I had missed it when it came out. The cast list reads like a who's who of awesome actors, suited perfectly for a gangster movie. And Sergio Leone directing! Wow! I read several reviews comparing this movie to the Godfather and Goodfellas, and was over the moon to see it. I set my machine up, got ready and sat down. An hour and a half later (I fast forwarded through so much of it) I was dulled to the point of near madness. The cinematography was great, and brilliantly imaged, but literally nothing of importance happened in this entire movie. The characters were unsympathetic with back stories of little to no relevance or interest. The plot dragged on ad nauseum, padded by long close ups of "dramatic" faces staring contemplatively as if they knew something we didn't. Oh they did, and that was that you should go to bed early and skip this one entirely. The few action scenes were few and far between, and the interminable dialog and love interest offal seemed to drag forever. Maybe I missed something, because I had to fast forward through a lot of this movie, something I rarely do, but I just couldn't stand it after the overwhelming pretentiousness of each character's chatter. Worst of all, nothing happened of interest. Nothing. It was as if the movie were made for the sole purpose of getting Oscar attention, without any nod to entertainment value. If you make a period gangster film, make it better than a History Channel documentary. the only redeeming quality of this film was the cinematography and the old cars. Instead, just watch Godfather and then go to a car show.
1 "Right! Let's sort the buyers from the spiers, the needy from the greedy and those who love me from the ones who don't" Bacon (Jason Statham) and Eddie (Nick Moran) work a street crowd with their hot merchandise. Cops. They flee. When the film suddenly crashes into super-slomo, and a hard, street-savvy narration kicks in (Alan Ford's voice) telling us of Bacon's and Eddie's street chicanery on its last legs, we hark back to the opening of *Pulp Fiction* (where Tim Roth and Amanda Plummer are dialoguing intriguingly and cooing like lovebirds over coffee in a diner one minute and in the next, suddenly viciously holding up the joint). Like *Pulp*, this Guy Ritchie-penned and directed trash whore promises to be a dialog-luscious film with a rabid style all its own.It is.With a frenetic energy that few films today possess, *Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels* is the work of a film-maker who remembers that movies are, first and foremost, Entertainment. Guy Ritchie is Danny Boyle (*Trainspotting, 28 Days Later*) on crank.Along with Statham and Moran, Dexter Fletcher (as Soap) and Jason Flemyng (as "Tubby" Tommy) round out the quartet of twenty-something East End street friends who pool their cash to enter Eddie, a card-shark natural, into a life-or-death stakes card game with local gangster and porn king, "Hatchet" Harry Lonsdale (P.H. Moriarty).Which Eddie, through Harry's cheating, promptly loses.So begins Eddie and the boys' crooked quest to deliver "half a million knickers" to Harry before Harry's bulldog, Barry "The Baptist" (Lenny McLean) starts claiming their digits as vig.That's the short version. In the final telling, Lock, Stock - filmed with a leached look that makes London look even stinkier and gloomier than it actually is - is a Mobius strip of black comedic robbery and nihilistic bloodletting, shot through a revolving-door of criss-crossing, cross-killing, kill-switching plots.Concurrent with our desperate hero foursome (calling them anti-heroes does not even suffice for their level of "anti," so let's drop the prefix and stop pretending we don't support bad guys), there are the dazed and confused marijuana farmers led by the willowy Winston (Steven Mackintosh), whom we first meet inanely arguing over locking the front gate; there are Eddie's neighbors, a gang of thieves as ruthless as they are inept, led by a chilling sadist, Dog (Frank Harper), whom we first meet as he swipes golf balls off the nose of a victim while machete-ing another hanging upside down; there is a black gang of giants led by a cockney midget with a fashion-challenged 'fro, Rory Breaker (Vas Blackwood), whose introduction to the story sees him setting a man on fire for insisting he change the pub television channel; then there are the two clueless, low-rent bandits (Jake Abraham and Victor McGuire) who burgle the smoking barrels of the title with plot-twisting consequences; there's Big Chris (Vinnie Jones), a merciless hit-man who is yet intent on raising his son with manners, and a hardened bar owner, JD, who shuns the maelstrom, not for want of street-cred, but because he is miles beyond mustered (played by Sting, as hard as the day he formed The Police).With a source-music soundtrack that swivels effortlessly between savage, scarring guitars to ska figures and traditional Jewish plucking, and slang so rich your ears will gain ten pounds ("not with Liberia's deficit in ya skyrocket," "orders an Aristotle of the most ping pong tiddly in the nuclear sub"), Lock, Stock wends its complex way to a furiously satisfying climax, twists aplenty and a final shot that will renew your faith in creative storytelling like a date with a drunk Hans Christian Andersen.This movie is a modern classic.No matter the Serious Critics denigrating style over substance, this movie - stylistic to a fault  defiantly does not lack for substance. It is no secret that the nature of the medium is *reliant* on style, so it is as silly to say that a movie should lack "style" as a rock band should lack "image"  these are the selling points of the products. Style is an integral aspect of a modern director's toolbox and Ritchie has consciously chosen to present his product this stylishly - and his cup overfloweth with substance too.Yet Ritchie's stylistic verve earns him his share of detractors, some rationally decrying the new breed of crash-cutting, shotgun storytellers, some just too slow-witted to keep up with the swagger of the Ritchies, Tarantinos and Boyles  subsequently, there are only two ways to take this movie: either not at all, or lock, stock and two smoking barrels(Movie Maniacs, visit: www.poffysmoviemania.com)
1 Headline says it all, Any attempt at a good message is buried in the lack of humor.
1 This was a total waste of $5.50. They are grabbing at straws now and can't come up with jokes or story lines. Not that I even enjoyed the first two. But everything you hated from the first ones is magnified. I know this is just popcorn fodder and mindless teenager BS but the bottom line is it's not funny. I almost fell asleep. Mr. Myers, it's time to move on. So I Married An Axe Murderer was great.
1 I highly recommend this film to anyone who wants to say they've seen it. It's worth every excruciatingly boring minute of sitting through, so that you can pat yourself on the back while telling your pseudo-intellectual friends how brilliant it was. It's jam-packed with narcissism, misogyny, and masturbatory self-indulgence. Oh, and it's in Black and White! With subtitles! How cool and artsy is that? So go ahead and bite the bullet. It's totally worth the hollow satisfaction you'll get from proclaiming its brilliance, which will, in turn, make you seem like you're one of the intellectual elite, who decide what is brilliant for the masses.
1 There are some makers who although talented in a specific way, move into a space that simply shows their talent to be little. Alexander Payne for example could be making stylized comedies with no problem, but as soon as he moves into elegy and meaning, it all becomes a sophomoric play. We've known Malick in that field and Payne is like a film school grad next to him.So it would seem Apatow has an effervescent personality, at least enough to want to move out from his comfort zone. He could be cranking penis joke comedies till the cows come home but wants to move into more somber reflection about the pains of life. He has tried this a few times by now.Here he tries a few switches. A movie about the usual slob who never grew out of adolescence but she's a girl. Men are almost entirely immature or idiots, and for some reason I can't begin to fathom, half of them gay, that is except for the knight in white armor who patiently helps her grow out of herself. He puts them in that New York movie romance where a couple are on and off again and might even think he's turning Woody Allen upside down. Indicative; the familiar romantic scene on a bench looking over at Brooklyn Bridge ends with a blowjob.None of it sticks after a point and it's off-putting to think he might be thinking of any of this as transgressive. So he has moved out from the familiar safety of what he can do well, into a space that shows him to have trivial insights and odd hangups, from primarily a comedy about life where laughter sanctifies reductions, to primarily a drama about life where muttering dialogue and stereotypes rattle in the nothingness of not having anything to impart. He moves, even if ever so slightly, into territory that Woody, Bergman, and Altman have occupied. But in this space he's shown to be a dunderhead.
1 I have loved the original (Infernal Affairs) from the first time it enthralled and enticed me into its engrossing story, and I have watched it so many times without ever losing a moments interest. When I found out it would be remade, I was annoyed at Hollywood for meddling with masterpieces, but then I heard it would be Marty at the helm. His films have always impressed me and he deserves an Oscar for his efforts, yet his recent offerings have left me feeling a bit underwhelmed. Take Gangs of New York, it was entertaining, it had all the right elements to make it a great film, but after watching it, I felt a bit robbed. Undoubtedably, the best thing was Daniel Day Lewis' 'Butcher' character, along with the fight scenes and the setting, yet none of it really ever gelled together to make that masterpiece Scorsese always craves.This brings me onto 'The Departed'. I went in thinking, this should be OK, Scorsese has taken an amazing concept and is trying to make it his own with a stellar cast that with such material, really shouldn't go wrong. I was right to an extent, but I was left with a feeling of dissatisfaction.Having read in reviews that Jack Nicholson stole the show, to be honest, he didn't really do much for me in the film, just his usual on screen persona (feisty, scary, loud). He fits the bill though, he took up the screen and he owned the scenes he was in. However, if you look at the original and compare it to Sam, you'll notice that Sam seemed more menacing, because you really didn't know what he was going to do or say next.Martin Sheens 'Quinan' was probably one of the weakest characters, his role in comparison to the original does not give a real mentor bonding with Billy Costigan (Leo Di Caprio) and defeats the idea of the closeness of the two main good characters. His sidekick however, Mark Wahlbergs 'Dignam', I think was the best thing in the movie. It allowed for a bit of banter and sparked off a few laughs in the cinema. He was more developed in this version, however he got in the way of Quinan making any impact on the story.The two leads were well cast, Leonardo Di Caprio does well with his role and looks frail but tough, and caught in the middle of things. Matt Damon had probably less to do, in acting terms, however he manages well with what he had. Having said this, neither of them match up to Tony Leung or Andy Lau, from the original.The one thing I did like about The Departed was the new idea that they both fall for the same woman. It added a bit more to the back story and suspense, towards the end. Overall, I gave this a 7, because it is a movie in its own right and being that, it is a pretty good offering by Scorsese. The problem is, for me, the original is far better. The whole concept, suspense and acting from Infernal Affairs is so much more believable and flowing. I think one important point to note is the environment, the Hong Kong police force and triads are much better suited for this plot, as well as the language. Scorsese did well with transferring the idea over to the S. Boston Irish 'mafia', but he failed in trying to translate a lot of the dialogue over from Cantonese (eg. the wrong way of writing the word 'bodyguard' on the envelope, changes to the misspelling of the word 'citizen').To conclude, if I was to take into account the original, I would have given this a 3.5/10, which may seem harsh, but I believe its nowhere near as good. If you haven't seen Infernal Affairs and were intending on seeing The Departed, I would advise you to see the latter first, so you will know what I mean about feeling unsatisfied. I think the rating of 8.7 (at the time of writing) for The Departed does not do the original justice. I leave it for you to decide.
1 I was so bored... the dialogues are boring, long and absolutely unnecessary. The hole movie is a series of uninteresting episodes of human life: driving cars slowly around Paris, start a painting, drinking a beer, sit on a sofa...all unedited and in real time. and then add the most boring dialogues to it. 'i like you' 'i like you too', 'but we can't' 'why can't we' 'oh, we can't' - kill me alreadyThe main character is a depressed middle age woman that will sleep with every man that spends 3 or 4 minutes with her.
1 if you wanna go and see this movie, please expect nothing but frustrating, dazing, predictable outcome action, and then just when you think the movie is ending you get an extra 30-45 minutes of the same action same explosions, same cars and faces doing the same thing they did during the whole first half of the movie. Do not expect any engaging drama or any plot of any kind, but here's the story: post apocalypse, no water (yet there are hundreds of people alive and working), no fuel (yet they all have it in their vehicles), women escaping – women returning back the same day. What a plot! Visually it was stunning, but that's all you get.
1 I have to say that IMDb has become more and more misleading with their ratings. Incredibly deep European movies getting low ratings while movies like this are ranking higher and higher every time. Reading all the reviews below, you get to understand why.This movie is unrealistic and silly in many ways and this is no minor issue. I understand that cinema is a suspension of disbelief but this movie could have been much better if it had been more realistic. I won't get into details other than saying the behaviour of the characters (especially those lame cowards on deck) is unbelievable, the moments of terror boring and the decision made by everyone is dumb. The Coast Guard should have arrived immediately carrying proper gear like tiny explosives which are thrown around the girls (of course, knowing their location beforehand) in order to chase away the sharks. The music is predictable. The action scenes are clichéd and not remarkable and worst of all, they are boring. That ripped off finale from "The Descent" and "Gravity" does not work because we have seen it before in much better films.There are tragedy movies which are so real and in which the characters do everything their common sense dictates that the viewer cannot but suffer and empathize with their predicament. And the movie shines. No wonder such movies have become classics. This is not one of them. Boring and dumb. Stay away!
1 So these two 30 year old sisters are looking for kicks in the cheap side of Mexico. Mandy Moore is 33, and Claire Holt is 29. They actually look older. The two sisters hook up with a couple of local townies, and they are all excited to go on a boat to look at sharks. The build-up to getting on the boat took about 40 minutes, and it was pretty boring. The gals finally get on the tour boat, and it looks like a smaller and older boat than the one that was featured in the original JAWS movie. In fact, this boat looks like it was salvaged from the bottom of the ocean. Naturally, the two gals continue to act like they are teenagers, and pay for the trip, and go on the rickety boat. From there, every predictable thing happens, except for shark bites. Since the only two people in the water are the lead characters, there is not much gore in this movie. It is a shark movie with a couple of sharks that pop up now and then, but mostly it is about the two girls being scared in the water. Not to spoil it, but there is finally some action at the end. The movie actually manages to provide the dumbest ending I have ever seen, and it goes from a C movie to a D+.
1 Why on earth they had to make this movie so vile. The amount of foul language. After 10 minutes we turned it off. Nothing like the original series. Utter rubbish and very, very POOR script. Some series are just best left alone, and Chips is one of them, if they cannot get the actors, or get a good script. I could think of two better actors to play the parts, and made it a 12A without all that foul language Attention all units, Chips won't be returning in a minute!
1 It is almost impossible to imagine that in 2015, as movie audiences experience the golden age of superhero movies that there can still be crap like this. Somehow, someway Fant4stic reaches into the depths of awful superhero movies, and takes the crown for being one of the worst superhero movies of all time. Lets start with the lack of story or even a simple plot. For starters, we really aren't even introduced to some resemblance of a plot until an hour into the movie, and even then the plot essentially boils down to Doom sucking a hole out of the earth to somehow build his own planet, which is completely bare. Considering that synopsis, I think it is almost safe to say that this movie doesn't even have a plot (or one that at least makes sense). OK so the movie doesn't have a "genuine" plot, that been the case with some other superhero movies. It should at least have some cool action scenes or provide some worthwhile visuals. Nope! I honestly can only recall maybe five minutes of some actual "action"' and even that was happening, it was absolute crap. There were multiple opportunities throughout the film to showcase their powers, especially in the scene with Reed Richards and Ben Grimm, but instead, all we are left with is crappy one-liners. Even in the last 10 minutes when we get the big battle, it ends up being a boring, uneventful, cliché, and yes crappy letdown. So we've got no story, no action, no villain (I won't even waste my time with Dr. Dumb), how about some witty dialogue or a couple of humorous scenes. Wrong again. In its attempt to be the Dark Knight of FOX superhero movies, Fant4stic is stripped of all the humor and campiness that at least made the earlier Fantastic Four movies watchable. Instead, we get a dark and surprisingly depressing film that doesn't evoke any sense of emotion from the viewer except for boredom. The jokes are laughable (except there not) and just about all the interaction between characters feels forced and inauthentic. OK. So by now you get the idea. Fant4stic is an absolute crap-shoot of a movie. A movie void of a plot, action, and OK dialogue doesn't even deserve to be called by its name, hence the Fant4stic's. It makes the earlier Fantastic Four movies look like The Avengers, and in the end, serves as an embarrassment to anyone associated with the film. And if you were wondering, yes, it is even worse than Batman & Robin. :0
1 I used to watch the original series back in the 80s so it is unavoidable to compare that series with its 2016 reboot.80s Macgyver was a secret agent with a difference! He was quiet, modest, mild mannered, deeply principled and refused to carry a gun on his missions.2016's MacGyver is more like a caricature of 007 and Mission Impossible.The pilot episode starts ridiculously: "Here's my assistant Nikki. She has 156 science awards from MIT and NASA. 50 companies including Google, Apple, SpaceX, Samsung and PepsiCo offered her a gazillion dollars to work for them but she refused, so to work for $200/week in my secret organization. Did I mention she is 25 y.o. and smokin' hot? Oh, Yes she is! and I bone her over some fake computers we have in this series as props!"."And here is my other friend Johnny Rambo. He saved my life in Algeria, Angola, Liberia, Djibouti, Burundi, Malaysia, Bangladesh but please...please DO NOT talk to him about that time in Cairo.""And this other smoking hot woman, tall and exotic and super-duper top secret spy, that you never heard of, is my ...boss"."And who am I, you ask? Well, most certainly I'M NOT Angus Macgyver."Honestly, I can't believe the writers. Are they idiots? Have they ever saw the original series?And what about the Cast. I'm thinking of the charismatic Richard Dean Anderson with nostalgia right now.Overall: A totally generic sub-par TV series for its own shake, but a total disgrace for baring the name of one of the most iconic heroes on TV.
1 is one of the best movies about evolution that I've seen but to understand it you have to pay attention from the beginning as always Scarlet did an amazing role also Morgan did as always amazing, I recommend it for those who like to talk about where we came from, how the planet Earth was created.
1 How is it possible to make such a terrible movie with such a big budget? It really annoys me that a lot of directors these days think it suffices to make an excellent trailer just so that people will come to the cinema. Or did this guy actually think he was making a master-peace? Sure the 'special-effects' were great, although after seeing Avatar it's obvious that even in that area it wasn't top of the line. The plot is so lame, predictable and the acting is terrible. I had no feeling with any of the main characters and was actually hoping they'd all die by the end of the movie. Those scenes in the car, I mean come on! Okay one jump over the cliff or through a building, but 3 or 4 times! Maybe kids will enjoy it..
1 This did not have depth to the plot in any way, shape or form. It was badly directed and frankly, badly acted. Without giving spoilers other than one which is revealed at the start anyway, there was a thin and vague back story which the film took you back to throughout story, but what you was taken back to was so rubbish and uninteresting, and repetitive, combined with not actually explaining anything besides his wife was ill, that it really was a bit pointless. The lead actor could not carry the film with the focus being of him in the cockpit, his reactions to the situation were one dimensional and unrealistic, as were his wife's. There was no explanation about how each player came into the 'plot', and the vague pointers to it were uninteretsing and did not make sense and there was no conclusion. It was as though someone scribbled the very basics for a movie on the back of small napkin, but forgot to finish it and then the director assumed it was finished and just said, read your lines, it's Ok, I don't think I'll direct today, I'm having a cuppa instead.. Annoyed I wasted my time. I think Radcliffe may do better when he has others to bounce off and maybe some direction and plot.With so many talented writers and directors out there, I don't understand why so much rubbish has money thrown at it or is given airtime.
1 I saw the movie with a number of friends this evening. Of the 10, 3 of us are combat veterans, with a total of 5 wars between us. (2 Vietnam, 2 Desert Storm and a current war in the Middle East veteran.) All the non-combat veterans thought the battle scenes were "so horribly, so frighteningly realistic." Those who have been to war thought they were incredibly cartoon-ish.The tactical mistakes such as bunching up, not seeking cover, bodies flying through the air, artillery explosions obviously gasoline, all the ridiculous yelling, were all so blatantly wrong. It was the worst depiction of battle we ever saw.If the Japanese occupied the top of the "ridge" why didn't they simply cut down the cargo netting the troops climbed? Why didn't they throw grenades down on the assembled Americans below? How did the cargo netting ever get there is US troops didn't already occupy the top of the mountain? Vince Vaughn was the Basic Training sergeant, again, best described as cartoon-ish. Peter Sellers as Inspector Cleuseau would have been more realistic.Quite frankly, there is nowhere enough space here to tell you how bad this movie really is.In reality, battle is hell, in some ways worse than what was shown on the screen, but in terms of realism, this movie is atrocious.
1 Although no people were hurt in the making of this film, a number of animals were unnecessarily tortured.This film should therefore be banned. We cannot permit people to make entertainment from the pain of our fellow-creatures.A rat was skinned on camera, squealing in pain.A turtle was decapitated, dismembered and eaten.A monkey was trapped and had its face cut off with a machete.Although I have no problem with the depiction of violence in films, and I do not believe that free speech should be subject to censorship, this film indeed "goes to far". Free speech does not include torture.
1 I would give this movie no stars.. This movie is pathetic. I mean so pathetic. The acting was awful! The movie starts well, but once they introduce the Cullens its pretty much downhill. Ashley Greene looks good as Alice, Jackson Rathbone looks constipated as Jasper, a wooden plank would have been a more convincing Edward. Robert Pattinson deserves the Razzie, second thought, his acting is so horrible that a razzie is like honoring him. Vampires are supposed to be scary, when Edward scales trees he acts like a monkey, move over Kong! The baseball match looks like Super Mario Sluggers on steroids! Horrible..The scene where Edward glitters is pathetic. It looks someone dumped some glitter on him.. On the other hand Charlie Swan and Jacob were spot on.Over all the director tried too hard and lost it all. I strongly believe someone with more experience should direct a high profile film like this. This movie doesn't appeal as a Vampire movie or as a Romantic movie. Its pathetic.. Jury
1 Never saw the whole thing through until tonight, on TCM. And I must say, I again got impatient with Hitchcock's penchant for manipulating reality, as if it didn't matter, in setting up his character conflicts towards suspenseful endings. It's all to do with believing what you see. One should not take for granted any audiences, all of whom are familiar with real life.The film begins with a long long establishing panning shot of the location and ends up in tight close-up of our hero at the window, which was fine, but why was the camera movement so shaky? Surely smooth pans were achievable back in 1954, weren't they?Then silly little things annoyed me. Like, did New Yorkers ever leave their front doors unlocked? When I lived there in the early sixties, we installed police locks, because regular locks were deemed too easy for intruders to break in. And what was with the SLR camera and its huge long lens that Stewart kept peering through? He wasn't taking pictures, he seemed to be using it as a telescope in preference to his powerful binoculars.Dramatic writing skill consists largely of giving information necessary to the plot in well disguised ways. When we first meet Grace Kelly, the method used to reveal her character's name was by her pointing out bits of furniture after herself - embarrassing. And one could not believe her sudden conversion from scorn to belief in Stewart's suspicions, nor her journey to dig up the murderer's garden while wearing the long flowing "new look" fashion, nor her break-in climbing ladders to get into his apartment.What I'm saying is that paying attention to real-life situations to serve the setting up of dramatic conflict has always been a challenge for film-makers, and if done successfully can only serve to make the finished product much more acceptable - suspension of disbelief being key. Hitchcock too often reveals a contempt for this, preferring to manipulate the small details of real life, in order to serve what he sees as his higher purpose.
1 Now this is the Russell Crowe I know and love.  The Insider, L.A. Confidential... and now chalk up another calculating masterful performance.A Beautiful Mind tells the autobiographical story of John Forbes Nash Jr. a distinguished professor from Princeton who went on to make some great theories and win the nobel prize.  The centerpiece of the story is the fact that John Nash suffers from schizophrenia a debilitating condition for most people which leaves them helpless.  Thus it is amazing that Nash has been able to achieve what he has.  For the most part of the story his hallucinations turn out to institutionalize him at one point, when he thinks the Russians are trying to secretly send him coded messages through news publications.First off the main performance by Crowe as Nash is amazing.  This is the performance that I know he is capable of, complicated, passionate and serious, none of this gutteral one line BS that he uttered in Gladiator. Here we have a marvelous performance that Crowe spins as we watch Nash fall into despair, every twitch, eyes darting, and Nash's helplessness this is not an easy task for any actor.  Nash is a recluse, almost an autistic savant, we see how he trys out his theories by writing on glass windows and stuffing himself in a corner of the library.  He is seriously gifted, but a social misfit.  Early on we hear how Nash describes how a grade school teacher mentioned that he was born with 2 heapings of brain but only 1/2 of heart.Ron Howard's direction is great in exposing Nash's life.  Probably the best scenes involve the use of how Nash comes up with his theories such as why the dynamics of a colleagues tie is so bad, or how a plan to get all of his college buddies laid leads to a theory that makes him famous.Also what else can I say about Jeniffer Connely who plays his wife in the film.  She is passionate and gives a full perfect 10 performance as well as the wife who is trying to survive with a husband she can't help.  But the greatest achievement of this film is how it portrays mental illness from the perspective of the person suffering it.Most films that deal with someone with a mental condition always place the focus on the people who are outside the person suffering, watching from a distance, trying to understand.  Here we have a film that literaly puts us in the mind of the sufferer, as to what it is to live with such a debilitating illness.  We get Nash's sense of accomplishment, but also his demons and paranoia.  And probably the most important thing is that we understand that mental illness isn't something that gets cured, the people have to live with it, and it never goes away.Also Crowe and Connely age in this film wonderfuly, so many films try to age actors/actresses in makeup and it doesn't work, but here it is done flawlessly..Minor faults in the film deal with that some of the supporting characters are reduced to props and people we don't know, and at one point the film bogs slightly when Nash is trying to return to Princeton to study.  But these points are minor since the performances of the main characters are so well done, and the stories focus is on them to begin with.Crowe will probably get the best actor for this.  Great film.Rating 8 out of 10.
1 If you are going to pick a lead actress, at least pick one who can act and has depth. I don't care how many movies she's made. IT WAS AWFUL.And the trailer was definitely misleading as story didn't pan out as someone fighting the system but as someone joining in and egging on the worst instincts in this cult and the public. I guess that does represent much of this world today, but still.Bad acting, bad writing, bad ending...don't waste your time.
1 This movie is terrible, absolutely terrible. There is no story line, and every single one of the "grown up men" in excessively creepy. The jokes aren't funny and undoubtedly the best performance comes from SHAQ. I failed to find any humor in this movie and the film seemed to drag on and on. It was really hard to find anyone likable in this movie. All the characters were stiff and uninteresting. I'm a fan of old Adam Sandler movies, but I feel that he has lost his comedic touch. This may be his first sequel, but I truly hope it's his last. Maybe it's time to retire Mr. Sandler.All in all, do not waste your money on this awful movie.
1 I still love Goldie but all through the movie I just kept wondering how that Amy chick gets cast in anything other than an extra on the walking dead. This review has to be at least 5 lines so to recap, I thought the movie could have been OK with a better choice of actresses, I wouldn't have even gone without free tickets.
1 Not sure why anyone felt this needed to be re-made again, although with the current anti-Israel bias in the media and Hollywood, it makes sense they'd do a hit-piece. What I've seen from other reviews implies that there is a bias here. One reviewer talks about one of the terrorist questioning their decisions and feeling like they made a mistake, but this can only be pure conjecture or writer's bias as the terrorist where killed in the raid and so their thoughts during the event cannot be known.As another reviewer pointed out, attempting to humanize a terrorist is a dangerous and irresponsible approach, especially in the times in which we live. It is worth remembering that these terrorists where Germans, who were carrying forward the anti-Semitic beliefs that led the NAZIs to murder 6 millions Jews and led to the creation of the state of Israel. They, as with the terrorists at Munich are totally undeserving of any attempt at a sympathetic treatment. No nation knows this better than Israel, a nation that has been under daily attack by it's neighbors since the very moment of it's inception. It's far easier for those who sit back in comfort to throw rocks at their tactics and responses than it is to live under the daily threat of suicide bombers and rocket attacks.Do yourself a favor and watch the excellent 1976 film "Raid on Entebbe" instead.Hollywood needs to quit doing remakes and actually look for original talent. They've become largely bores.
1 Michael "Beyond the Poseidon Adventure" Caine has never been averse to starring in more than his fair share of turkeys. Talking about "Jaws: The Revenge" he once said "I have never seen it, but by all accounts it is terrible. However, I have seen the house that it built, and it is terrific!" One can only assume that Robert De Niro has a similar attitude for getting involved in this dross.For that is what it is. Directed by Dan Mazar ("I Give It A Year"), its a desperate attempt at a Spring Break-style ribald comedy that misses at virtually every level.De Niro plays Dick (an appropriate name) who after a lifetime of marriage and on the day after his wife's funeral asks his grandson Jason (Zac Efron) to join him on a road-trip to Florida, with the singular aim of getting laid by a fresher a quarter his age. (You can already tell that this is all in the best possible taste). Jason - an accountant - is due to be married in the following week to the prissy and controlling Meredith (Julianne Hough), against Dick's wishes. Needless to say with this paper-thin plot, (and given that America is obviously such a small place) he runs into an old (and naturally sexy and gorgeous) school friend Shadia (Zoey Deutch). With Dick applying a 'certain set of skills' from his previous work (hasn't this plot been worked before in a De Niro comedy?) he wreaks maximum havoc in Daytona Beach in trying to lead Jason astray. Will he succumb and find true love rather than fall into a marriage of boring expectation.What's there to like in this film? Well, there is some almost amusing sexual banter between de Niro and the nympho-like Lenore (Aubrey Plaza, and probably the best thing in the film). The great Danny Glover has a short cameo. The music used is well chosen(although the music editing seems extraordinarily inept). And if you are female (or male but gay) then the extended scenes of Efron's almost naked body might do something for you.But on the flip side, there are few groups that this film won't manage to offend. About 75% of the script is the F-word. It portrays extensive and casual hard-drug use. The film is offensive to gay people. Offensive to deaf people. Offensive to cancer patients. Offensive to black people. And deeply offensive to lovers of cinema.I have used enough words on this trash. Those UK readers who are old enough to remember the older style of film classification will remember that there was an 'A' rating. I would bring it back for this film, the 'A' standing for "Avoid". In fact, it was so offensive, the rating should be 'AA' for "Absolutely Avoid".I have a monthly cinema card, so I got to see this film for 'free'. I was significantly overcharged.(Please visit bob-the-movie-man.com for the graphical version of this review. Thanks.)
1 When Jack Torrance (Nicholson) is offered a job as winter caretaker for the Overlook Hotel he accepts it as an opportunity to work on his novel in an isolated environment. He is told stories of the last caretaker going mad and butchering his family but isn't deterred. He arrives at the Overlook Hotel with his wife (Duvall) and child Danny (Lloyd) and is shown around the hotel by the cook (Scatman Crothers) who has the gift of perception. The cook warns Danny that the hotel can be of particular danger for those with the gift. It's only a matter of time before Jack begins to act increasingly erratic.This is one of Jack Nicholson's finest roles, his increasingly unhinged character is amusing and terrifying in almost equal measures. Duvall plays the role of the terrorised wife quite well - she does look like she's genuinely filled with fear - but doesn't have much else to do. Lloyd is excellent as the boy, although he doesn't have too much emotion to express. However no doubt that this is Jack's show.The story doesn't stick to King's novel and is better for it; this is Kubrick's Shining. The film has plenty of genuinely scary moments but manages to keep a creepy atmosphere all through - especially as the ghosts come out and Jack begins to move between his reality and the reality that is gradually claiming him.Kubrick is excellent here, his cold direction adds to the overall creep factor of the film. It's one of the best examples of his masterful touch.Overall this is an excellent horror movie - because the focus is on horror and fear rather than gore alone (as with modern horrors). Jack is excellent in one of his best roles ever and the whole package is delivered in a cold creepy manner by a sadly lost director.
1 First the good news, I did actually have to use a bit of brainpower while watching this, paying attention to each line and connecting the dots along the way. This was refreshingly non-Hollywood.The actors did a decent job of making the cartoon characters into real people with lots of good line delivery, subtle expressions and feeling of realness. The style of the film was also a nice change from the norm, I liked the silences.Now the bad news, it was still predictable (I knew that the movie would end after Tommy Lee Jones last monologue- don't ask me how, I just knew it).About halfway through the film I realized that evil would win out since it played like a Steven Seagal movie in reverse (with an infallible anti-hero). Not impressive in the least.Who was Woody Harrelson supposed to be? The Greek Chorus? His character was a waste of time.Cliché after cliché characters (writers fault). Drug dealing Mexicans, bumbling deputies, smart sheriffs, clueless wives, nasty mother-in-laws. Yawn, when have I not seen all this before.Did I just flat out disagree with the concepts behind it. Sure I did, cause I'm not addicted to TV news the way some folks are. In my experience the law enforcement actually works together and a person like the anti-hero would be called a mass murderer and hunted down. Suspension of disbelief only goes so far. It all points to bad writing. I'm sorry that someone was grappling so hard with the whole good vs. evil issue that they took the time to make something that is really a horror film into something it isn't.Is it art? No way. Does it contribute anything lasting to society or it's genre? Not really, perhaps some technical movie-making stuff but generally no.Don't waste your time on this one.
1 After seeing all the hype by Disney I was looking forward to seeing the movie. It didn't take long for me to wonder why I was still sitting there. I kept waiting for something good to happen. I had gone with a friend and we agreed, waste of money for the ticket and time we couldn't get back.
1 There should be a minus option for trash like this.
1 Fell asleep. With today's technology, this was at best a C level movie.
1 This movie is obscenely over rated. It is clear that ALL the attention was given to the production design and overall look to the film, as the script (no matter the 'version') is awful. For a film so raved about by nearly every critic, the plot is cookie cutter and drab. The pacing is, well, there simply isn't any pacing. It is S L O W. The characters are completely uninteresting and the film isn't deep or genuinely philosophical enough to warrant the attention it asks us to pay. There are many parts that are simply goofy and unintentionally funny, like when Rutger Hauer pops his head through the wall towards the end and says something silly, or when Darryl Hannah could have killed Deckard but instead decides to back up and then do a bunch of goofy gymnastics flips in order to give him time to pick up his gun and blow her "guts" out. It is one of my best friend's favorite films and it took a lot out of me to hold my tongue while watching it with him.
1 I am now 16 and looking at the new Power Ranger shows I wonder to myself WTF!!!! All this stuff is just weird I grew up watching Power Rangers and it was good up until the end of Lost in Space. I still watch the original Power Rangers even my girlfriend watches it with me but back then the Fx were awesome and it sorta made you feel a bit better to watch. I still love this show no matter how old I get and I don't care to say it but they should have stopped because after Lost in Space the theme and the characters and all hat good stuff went to hell. I wish that the makers of the show would have realized that but there were some episodes that brought two seasons of Rangers together. That worked a bit but never caught.
1 I wanted to go to the movies to have a laugh, so I decided to break my pledge to never, ever go see a Will Farrell movie. Bad, bad, bad mistake. There were more laughs in Kramer v Kramer. This was very possibly the worst movie I have ever seen. Gratuitous, nonstop foul language in what had to a parody of bad comedy, no one could make this crap on purpose. I would have left after 20 minutes, but my wife was getting a nice snooze. When she woke up at the credit roll and asked what she had missed, I said "Absolutely nothing." My new pledge is to never, under threat of assisted suicide, go to a Will Farrell OR Amy Poehler movie.
1 Typical Scorsese effort: average crime movie script dressed up with great acting and pretentious, way overly stylish camera-work.I'm amazed this movie holds anyone's attention, let alone earns the "best movie ever!" praise you hear about this one. As I said, I didn't think it was bad, it was just wasn't that good. I had to force myself to keep watching, trying once again to see what other people see in Scorsese. I get the feeling all the praise and accolades heaped on him are just a big prank being played on me.At least the Godfather was an actual good movie, although certainly no masterpiece.A far, far better movie than this that came out around the same time would be Miller's Crossing. It's actually entertaining--you don't feel like killing yourself after watching it for just a few minutes, which is another thing about Scorsese I don't like. His slickness, bleak subject matter, unredeeming violence all combine to create an effect like a low-frequency earthquake hum or day-old shellfish--it's nauseating and depressing. I honestly spend the rest of the day depressed and joyless after watching a Scorsese film. You may say that's the power of the film maker, but I say that's simply the power of the subject matter. Manos: the Hands of Fate is pretty depressing for much the same reason.Art shouldn't always be uplifting (I love Bicycle Thief and the Year of Living Dangerously) but if it's going to put such misery on the screen then it should have a good reason for doing it and it should teach me something.A good example of how hollow the praise for Scorsese and his works rings is the famous Copacabana scene, a two or three minute steadicam shot following two characters from the outside of a nightclub as they wind through the kitchens and so forth and end up at their table. Scorsese's fans call this "the best shot ever." As I said, it's a long shot of a fellow getting a table. Kubrick did great tracking shots too, but the key to a great tracking shot, like any shot, is that it communicates something significant to us, puts us in the state of mind of the characters, etc. But this was just some people walking to their table. The difference is contextual and often subtle, but it's there.
1 They say that if you've seen one superhero movie, you've seen them all. That's not entirely true, but if every superhero movie were like Green Lantern, then it would be true. Green Lantern is your typical superhero movie, so if you've seen quite a few superhero movies (like I have), you'll know what's ahead. This is the problem with Green Lantern, it's too predictable and does nothing new to make it stand out from the crowd. That's not necessarily a bad thing though, but it's not a good thing either. There are 3 good things in this movie. One, Peter Sarsgaard as Hector Hammond is delightfully hammy and fun to watch. Two, the SFX are cool and what they do with the Green Lantern ring is also cool, and Parallax's design suits its evilness. Third, the fight between Hal and Parallax is the best scene in the movie. Other than those things, it's average. If you've never seen a superhero movie and/or are a Green Lantern fan, this movie is worth seeing. Everyone else should see X-Men: First Class.
1 This series - both book and movie format - is trash. I've never read the books nor will I have the pleasure of ever paying money on them because everything the movies are based off of I know will be a thousand times more worse if I have to read through pages upon pages of the same garbage. The trilogy is an epitome of how you do not represent the BDSM community in fiction or non fiction form, an utter laughing stock to the romance and erotica genre, and even more so an embarrassment to filmaking and scriptwriting because people really thought the franchise would be successful (in a way it is, just not the kind that brings in money or wins major awards unless its the Razzies). The only positives I can give is all 3 have a great memorable soundtrack in terms of pop music, and the cinematography is very pretty which is why I give the review a 1 star. The story, acting, dialogue, chemistry, all get a 0/10 if such a rating was allowed. While I do feel empathy for some of the actors, they knew what they were getting themselves into by signing onto this trainwreck. I won't be surprised if the two leads Johnson and Dornan will hardly get casted for anything ever again.
1 Great idea, with very little of that idea transferred to the silver screen. Plenty of neat special effects to distract the audience from the flawed and empty re-telling of the age old "what is reality" story. A few interesting bible references, great blue-screening (better than Episode 1 by far), but with stone-like acting from every cast member, everyone ends up looking like part of the machine. If you want to see a movie that really deals with the issue "what is reality" see Darren Aronofsky's "Pi" (1998). If you want to see a bunch of fake kung fu, slapped together on an Avid machine to impress you, then see the Matrix, but most of these reviewers are mistaken (no offense); it's really just filler with a bit of truth. Wake up.
1 Rarely do I find myself so moved by a movie. So I was pleasantly surprised. This movie offered a lot for adults that enjoy great acting, amazing cinematography, and scripts that make us think about what it means to live, love, fear, and overcome the seemingly impossible. I found myself mesmerized by the chemistry between the two main characters and how they experienced different feelings while being present in the exact same circumstance. It's an incredibly compelling story. I don't think a love story of this kind has ever been made. As far as the bad reviews go, I'm convinced that most of the people writing bad reviews and giving low ratings, NEVER saw the movie and have an agenda. Do you remember how people reacted to the infamous interracial Cheerios commercial? Well the same thing is happening here. The truth is that the movie is excellent and should be nominated for Best Picture. I'd even see it again. The ending is one of the best I have seen.
1 After watching the first 5 minutes of the show, it was too far into the category of "CORNY". Shemar should go back to "Criminal Minds". That show is way more realistic, at least it appears that way to me. From the first scene with the patrol police officer under fire to the time Hondo is in a hand to hand combat situation while simultaneously committing to be able to make a sniper shot in 3 seconds. Unrealistic to the point of stupid silly.Get some new writers and consultants before this show gets cancelled.
1 Horror is a genre easily poked fun at, but Club Dread does it with style and finesse.  The first five minutes is literally nonstop hilarity as one horror movie staple after another is brilliantly ridiculed with witty dialogue and outlandish, over the top situations which set the tone of the movie to follow.The humor is genre spanning, featuring not just the drug related humor you'd expect from the creators of Super Troopers, but multiple jokes about Jimmy Buffet and '80s icons Eddie Money and Billy Squier.  The focus is clearly on being a horror movie parody, but the humor is diverse enough to keep that formula from going stale.Well done Broken Lizard, keep them coming!
1 I don't see what all the hype is about. I went into this film with no expectations: --Didn't have a clue what it was about. --Hadn't seen any trailers. --Heard it was a fast paced satirical comedy.Really I felt this movie was pointless. Half way through the film I kept wishing I had gone to see something else. I chuckled a few times, but overall I was bored. It didn't draw me in. I wasn't emotionally involved in the story.Perhaps the fanfare with all the celebrity appearances is what had a particularly nice appeal to others, but I am not impressed with celebrity faces.This is the first time that a film that scored a high IMDb rating has disappointed me. I am puzzled at the disparity.I cannot recommend this film. I thought it was a waste of my time and money.
1 OK, I love AC games and the whole AC universe. The first game was a bit boring but thanks to Ezio's trilogy I learnt this wonderful world and have been experiencing till today, in AC comics.And I found this movie such a generic borefest.This movie just took some tropes of AC universe, served 'em as a mediocre fan service, through generic action scenes full of crappy CGI, in a Madrid like AC 1's desert for some reason, and that's it. There was no mystery, no interesting characters -except the black guy who I do not even remember his name!- and the ost WAS TERRIBLE. This movie even had three top actors and still, could not use'em well! Probably that's why Fassbender went all out "crazy" in the only scene I memorize from this crapfest. The script was so bad that came back & forth to past & future without leaving room for characterization.I honestly have no reason to suggest this movie to anyone. Not even to AC fans... The worst AC game or comic has more interesting story than this... Let's just forget this snoozefest and hope that, if a sequel will occur, will be with different characters, script and such.AAAvoid!/10Equally disappointing to WoW movie...
1 Warning Warning Warning Warning The review contains spoilers!!!!! The review contains spoilers!!!!! The review contains spoilers!!!!! The review contains spoilers!!!!!-------------------- This review contains spoilers RIGHT FROM THE BEGINNING --------- ---A completely morbid and joyless film. Grim and hopeless to the point to depravity! The ignominious death fashioned for Charles Xavier is unworthy -- given the legacy of this character. Equally distasteful are the not so subtle suggestions that this film or its characters are comparable to Shane. This self-service association is entirely unearned and borders on heresy. You could have done so much better with a modicum of imagination and heart. When I saw the coming attractions it left me feeling miserable. I though "Who would possible want to see such a grim and hopeless film?". As an owner of copies of the previous two films and most X-men movies, I went to see it anyway. I left the theater feeling even worse than I did after viewing the coming attractions.The rating of 3 out of 10 rather than 2 out of 10 is for the visceral depiction of the effects of Professor X's 'brainstorm' That part was very well doneAside from that, thanks for nothing guys. Eat soup and cough!
1 Especially that Joe guy below. There is a big difference between an ordinary German soldier and a Nazi. Ordinary soldiers fought for their country, just like the Americans. They thought it and their lives were in danger, just like the Americans. Many Americans found out their enemy was just like them.Now, people the belonged to the Nazi party, and their own personal military, the SS, were the ones who killed the countless number of Jews.Anyway, this movie was much overrated. It really does demonize the Germans. I mean, my father was one of those men and they suffered as well. All he wanted was for Hitler to die and for the war to end.
1 The storyline of the books is what made me fall in love with the series. When the film came out I was devastated they didn't continue the series as I feel they had the perfect actors, atmosphere & attention to detail to match. So i was very excited to see they were bringing out a T.V. show instead, to carry on bringing the books to life.But upon watching 'Shadowhunters' I was supremely disappointed, finding myself getting annoyed at every detail that was wrong in comparison the the film which on second glance did a very good job doing the books justice. What is the point in bringing out a T.V. show based on books if you're not going to depict them correctly? It also felt like the show is rushing the first book in the first episodes already?! Are they going to do all of them in a series?? Aside from the show to book grievances, it doesn't as a whole flow very well, jumping from scenes and rushing character relationships before we've established an opinion or like/dislike towards them. (If you've not already seen the books/ film).In summary I don't think this show will win the hearts of the millions of fans, and will make the film seem that much more special to the book fans as a proper representation of the beloved books (even though it didn't do well financially). The characters and storyline will be rushed and warped beyond recognition, and I believe will only continue to get views as to see how badly the show turns out. (As I know thats what I am going to do).
1 What a third class movie. Made on the Same formula as the likes of divergent, maze runner and lots of others... Was hoping to see some alien vs human action. But Nooo the producer had to ruin my expectations... The viewers are forced to see the same crap, sexually confused really innocent know nothing teens. Who have just all the right of knowledge when needed to fight soldiers and know how on shooting all kind of possible guns... The lead actress, Ohhh she is a sight to see, if you are blind and don't know what emotions are... I think she could have been better playing an alien... That would be more believe able... Again what a brain fryer... Good going director. I could make better film in my sleep then this... Just one request to the rating dept. They should introduce a rating for Formula movies too. So that we have warning before ruining my brain cells... What a waste of time...
1 Should movie be titled "Drunk Girl on the Train".This movie is so man-hating only the most fanatic SJW could love it.It is so depressing you might need meds afterwards. The characters are profoundly unsympathetic and miserable to watch.Drunk Girl's plot is so full of holes it is laughably unbelievable. The movie can't seem to decide if it is in NY or the UK which only adds to the confusion. Rachel, the supposed hero of this movie is an alcoholic stalker who downs hard liquor all day while stalking people from her old neighborhood (her fav is stalking the neighborhood from the train). She calls her ex-husband's home constantly at all hours... but none of her victims seem to ever think to change their phone number or even block the calls? Rachel drops in uninvited to her ex's home from time to time and kidnaps a child from her ex's new marriage which the police are aware of this but Rachel is somehow still walking around a free woman? On top of that no one seems to even think about getting a restraining order against Rachel??? Her ex is a psychopathic murderer but somehow lets all this behavior slide? And then the ex-husband murders a neighbor nympho girl (a girl who abhors the thought of having kids) because the nympho girl is pregnant and wants to keep the baby (who truly could have been anyone's)? I wish I could un-watch it.
1 While Christian wrestles with his inner demons, Anastasia must confront the anger and envy of the women who came before her. There was at least a 5% inside my brain that hoped to find something good in this whole mess or at least for this movie to be a bit decent, unfortunately this is one of the worst films of 2017 at least so far with some of the most boring sex scenes i have ever seen, awful dialogue and really weird sense of humor and the 2 main stars had an on/off kind of chemistry plus that helicopter sequence looked a bit decent in the trailer so i won't lie on that but in the actual movie it was painful to sit threw. This movie uses lines such as "Kinky F*ckery" and thinks that it's funny or smart but it's not it's funny in a very different kind of way. Overall at the end of the day this 'Fifty Shades of Grey' sequel was even worse than the original with horrible acting, plot and characters that are abusive and creepy as hell and i'm still wondering how Kim Basinger went from Batman and L.A Confidential to 'Fifty Shades Darker' but hey look at the good side of things this Franchise is so bad that we can make fun of it every day but if you did liked the first film you will probably like this one as well but for everyone else? STAY AWAY!!! (0/10)
1 OK, playtime's over Pixar, now get over it. This film is so plainly a prequel – c.f. references to a 'puberty' button on the new 'emote' console in the character Rileys brain - you will fail to find anything of entertaining value for your 100 minute investment. You may harbour fond memories of Toy Story, Finding Nemo, The Incredibles and Ratatouille – all unique, funny, thrilling and entertaining. But, that is not what you will get with Inside Out. 'Joy', after all, is banished to long-term memory and can't get back in charge of the console. (Since when was a single emotion ever 'in charge' anyway?). Inside Out can be taken as a metaphor for the poor sops who work for the Disney Corporation. Yes, they started out with true optimism about the life journey they had chosen, (with Pixar). Then, all of a sudden they are 'taken over' by a less than friendly peer. To compound this, they are moved from their original 'playpen' to a new post industrial work lot. All is grim. Sadness takes hold and taints everything that is done. Even 'Joy' begins to sob with sadness and grief. Save us from this self-indulgent misery. Not only is it inappropriate as kiddie oriented movie fodder, those of us who are sentient, self-aware adults can do without this additional mock unhappiness. By the way, most human brains have a 'fat controller' who orchestrates proceedings keeping everything on an even keel – even if that is 'sadness' for a while. Riley's brain seems to be lobotomised – even before puberty has hit. Give this film a wide berth, in fact, it might be best if someone scuttles this ship before the pestilence it's carrying spreads.
1 I only one who see this? Of course many critics say big words like "mash up", but it literally rip-off from better movie to a book and than to this "film". Boring, obvious, with chip morality wannabe-fancy. Pay-trolls say "Cult classic!" lol, really very lazy try, but i think TA not too smart to see this all 10/10 fake reviews.
1 Full of nonsense and boring, really disappointing.
1 Was so boring! Seemed like a wedding reality show. Filmography was crap. Don't watch.
1 First, let me just comment on what I liked about the movie. The special effects were fantastic, and very rarely did I feel like I was watching a video game. There, that is the last nice thing I have to say about this film. In fact, I would just like everyone reading this to take note that I can't even put into words how hard it was for me to write this review without swearing. I have innumerable complaints about the film, but four major complaints jump to mind. My first major complaint has to do with the incredible cheesiness of the "plot twist" (if you can call it that since most people probably saw it coming a mile away) where Lois's 5 year-old son turns out to be the super-powered child of Superman. When the crying super-child throws a piano at Lex's henchman to save his mother, I almost got up and left the theater. Singer could have made a much better Superman movie without resorting to cheap gimmicks like a seemingly fragile but latently super-powered illegitimate child. It's been 5 days since I saw the movie and I still want to vomit. My next major complaint has to do with the fact that Superman lifts a continent made out of kryptonite up into outer space. It doesn't take comic book guy from the Simpsons to point out what's wrong with that. I don't know how many comic books Brian Singer has read, but when Superman is exposed to even a small amount of kryptonite he barely has the strength to stay on his feet. Whoever had the idea to have him fly a large island made out of his greatest weakness into space has no business being associated with any Superman-related projects ever again. The concept is as ridiculous as making a Dracula movie where the title character has a stake through his heart and still manages to fly a spaceship made out of garlic into the sun. Why not just have Superman eat kryptonite? He can eat it and then brush his teeth with it, and then go to sleep in kryptonite pajamas. That's not any more absurd then having him hoist a continent of kryptonite into space and then fall powerless through the atmosphere without burning up in re-entry or splattering all over central park when he hits the ground. My third major complaint has to do with the fact that Singer slaps movie-goers across the face with religious symbolism the entire movie. I have to take issue with his characterization of Superman as the only son of a God-like Jor-el sent to Earth to be a savior. Jor-el wasn't all-wise, he was just a scientist. And he didn't send his son to earth to be a savior, he threw him in a rocket and hurriedly fired it into space because his planet was about to explode. I'll buy the Christ allegory if Brian Singer can show me the part in the Bible where God sends Christ to Earth because Heaven was about to explode, and then radioactive pieces of Heaven become Christ's primary weakness. Furthermore, the "crucifixion" scene where Luthor stabs Superman in the side with a kryptonite "spear" just makes me want to slam my face into a brick until I'm too brain-dead to notice the brazenly obvious and inappropriate symbolism that will be tainting the man of steel for the foreseeable future. They might as well rename this movie "Superman Returns: the Passion of the Christ."And speaking of Luthor, my last major complaint has to do with Singer's depiction of Lex Luthor. Lex Luthor is a shrewd, cold-hearted business tycoon who is more apt to run for President (which he does in the comics) than try to destroy the world. The man wants money and power; he wants to be in charge, not wreck everything. Yet the Luthor we see Superman Returns, as well as all the previous Superman movies, is a wacky theatrical dunce who comes up with zany schemes to destroy the world. If Singer had the slightest loyalty to the characters instead of the (quite awful) previous Superman movies, this film might not be such an unbearable travesty. Maybe Singer's next project can be a Batman movie where he focuses on the interpretation of Batman from 1960s TV show. ZAM! WHAP! POW!!To summarize, I don't know what I hate more, the movie itself or the fact that so many people seem to be giving it good reviews. Everyone is entitled to their opinion, but if you don't hate this movie then your opinion is wrong. I sincerely encourage anyone who reads this not to see this movie if you haven't already. Don't see it, don't buy it when it comes out on DVD, don't rent it...basically don't contribute any money towards it in any way. This movie does not deserve to make any money. In fact, I think that for every person that sees this movie, Bryan Singer should be fined 45 billion dollars. If you're a Superman fan and you really want to see this movie, just bend over and have someone kick you in the balls and you'll get the same experience without having to waste 2 hours of your time.
1 1st time i'm writing a review on IMDb, but i had to say how bad is this movie.Im french and the original movie "Le diner de con" was one of the funniest movies have ever seen. I still can remember the 1st time i seen it in theater 12 years ago. Like all the people in the room i laugh my ass of. I cry by laughing so hard during all the movie (sorry for my English). And every time i saw it again on video, the magic still workingThe only time i laugh in "Dinner for Schmucks" was in the very beginning when we see the mouses pictures. I thought it was well found , a good idea for the lobby of the "idiot". After that, nothing... Few smiles in the first part of the movie but thats all. Im a big fan of Steve Carrel but in this movie his character is too idiot, its too much. The reason why the original movie was that funny its because its was realistic in a way. Her its just too much and for me it make it loose all the fun. And its like that for all the character and the situation.The reason the original was so funny, and was such a huge success when it was released in France,it is because the writing was very well done, very subtle. "The idiot" is funny because he is clumsy, do some stuffs too quick without thinking of the aftermaths, but he is not in any way somebody that look like he escape from an asylum with 10 of IQ like Carrel character in this remake..Very hard to go to the end of this movie.. In fact during watching it i had to check on IMDb to see some reviews to see if i was the only one who didn't laugh at all. Im surprise to see that many people finding this one hilarious. May be the fact i see the original movie, knowning the mecanic of the script. But i try to see this one with a fresh eye.Anyway it doesn't work, and this one is the worst movie iv seen this year. My English isn't good enough to express what i fell about this movie but for me its a waste, a shame consedering the original material, as i said its my first review her but i had to warm people. My only advice, watch the original.It is a typical Hollywood failed remake when the writter thought "let's make the schmuck even stupidier so it will be even funnier!!!" Nope... it doesn't work like this.Again, sorry for my English, i just hope you get the the point.
1 Sure the fight against mafia gangrene, corruption, the « one against all » sympbolic are appealing subjects but the treatment the story had is too timid. The dramatic progression is rather mediocre, the narration lacks grip, tension, it is too linear, too predictable and too slow to captivate the viewer's attention from end to end. The actors are bland, a vast majority of people by the way even consider Marlon Brando's performance as one of his best when his acting is just dreadfully inexpressive. As for the cinematography, which is also often highly regarded, it's more than OK but very academic, and often badly served by a deafening, too grandiloquent soundtrack. With 8 Oscars and a solid reputation, On The Waterfront appeared like a true masterpiece but ultimately the movie could very well be part of the overrated classics category.
1 I wasn't to keen on this in the beginning however i did give it a go and I was right to stand to my opinions in the beginning. The acting was horrible as well as the script. It seems not much went into this series and it was a catastrophe from the beginning.Many Greeks in Greece as well as the diaspora were not happy about this
1 Let me start off by saying, I usually like this type of movie. I don't mind movies where the girl kicks ass, even when it is entirely unrealistic. If the girl also happens to be hot, then it's even better. Here we have Scarlett Johansson, one of the hottest women of all time, looks promising right? But everything that could possible go wrong, goes wrong here. 1. Scarlett Johansson does not look her best in this movie. The changing looks, the futuristic makeup and everything just fails completely. The fact that she transforms into an emotionally void cyborg also means that she becomes entirely unrelatable for the audience. For 90% of the movie she conveys the same blank facial expression. Kind of like Will Smith in After Earth. 2. The special effects are lackluster and sluggish. I have been waiting for a movie about a woman with superpowers, able to do anything she wants, but what does she do: She uses telekinesis to levitate a bunch of goons, she pushes a cop to another seat of a car, she stops bullets in mid-air, and...that's pretty much it. 3. The plot. Besides the premise of being utterly false, the movie keeps conveying false information and misdirection. As a biologist, the portrayal of evolution in this movie is worse than what any Christian fundamentalist could do. Every 10 minutes a full screen notice of 10%-20%-30%...appears, just to let us know exactly how far along she is. This is actually good, because we have no other means of knowing. It's not like her abilities improve. In fact, after 40% she does not use her abilities at all. 4. Artistically this movie keeps making cut scenes to completely random images and sequences, that should be used to associate with what occurs in the actual film. But this just adds an element of "weird for the sake of weird", and it just makes it more confusing and frustrating to watch.5. The climax or rather anticlimax of the movie is what topped it off as the worst movie I have seen at the cinema. Spoiler!!! In the end, after she goes 100%, she turns herself into a USB drive for Morgan Freeman, and then the movie ends! It is completely ridiculous, and so underwhelming. The acting is bad and with no impact, the action is boring and clumsy, the plot makes no sense, and the ending is so under the top silly that it doesn't even make the movie "so bad that it's good". While I have seen worse movies before (not many), I have never seen worse movies at the cinema. I did not expect anything good, but to have it be that much worse...I was so disappointed by this, and I thought I had set the bar so low as to prevent this. I thought I would just see a mindless action flick, where a hot girl got to kick ass. This...was absolute rubbish.
1 (Please excuse my French, it's probably wrong)  Roll up, roll up! See the cinematic spectacle of 2001! See the horrible  deaths of 2500 or so people commemorated by a film about two guys who  fly fast planes really fast. See them go ZOOOOOOOOM, see them go  WHIIIIZZZZ! See them reprise the 'flypast and debriefing' scenes from  Top Gun. Watch the beautiful love story unfold. See the true love two  people have for one another tested and broken when Kate Beckinsale  comes between them.  See a fine young actor reduced to playing Token Black Guy. Watch as he  fights to prove he's more than a Token Black Guy, even though he's  given so little to do that he ends up as nothing more than a Token  Black Guy (even though, unlike the two guys in the planes, Token Black  Guy actually existed).  Watch the awful bombing of a military target. Watch the heroic bombing  of a city. Watch Jon Voigt recreate Peter Sellars' unforgettable  character Dr. Strangelove.  Watch the whole reality of war, and the lives and deaths therein  trivialised to make a Big Dumb Action Movie that thinks it's some kind  of ghastly tribute to the American dead of December the 7th.  Or better still... don't!  On the other hand, if you want an unrealistic film with ponderously  paced romance, fighter planes zooming all over the place and nice  explosions, check this out. It's a lot of fun. Just don't take it  seriously - you'll only encourage them!
1 I couldn't believe that I just paid for watching this nonsense. Stupid plot, horrible directing, unmatched music, stupid meaning. Everything about this movie is horrendous. If you want to save 2 hours of your lives, AVOID at all costs!
1 I'll start by saying I'm an adult who enjoys a few Disney shows because they are more entertaining than pretty much anything else on TV. I came here to look up some info on the show, and see all of these negative reviews, some of which seem to forget this is Disney, know what the target audience is, or don't even have facts about the characters straight, and I feel like I need to add my voice as someone who enjoys the show for what it is, and doesn't expect it to be more than that. "Jessie" isn't the best show on Disney, but it's far from the worst. I have some news that I think will shock some reviewers, but Disney shows don't deal in reality. "Jessie" isn't a documentary about nannies in NYC. It's also not supposed to take the place of parenting; i.e., if your complaint is what kind of role models the characters are, that's because they aren't role models, they are silly TV characters. I also watch a show about a talking dog that has a blog, it doesn't make me think my cats are losers because getting on the computer to them means laying on the keyboard.In fact, once I get to thinking about it, the whole plot of the show is that a young Texan girl just out of high school moves to NYC to follow her dreams of being an actress, but like most aspiring actors, she has to take a non-acting job until she makes it, so she got a job as the nanny for a bunch of spoiled rich kids. That is what the show is about. If that isn't your idea of funny, don't watch it.If you are looking for role models, Disney isn't doing them right now, they are doing silly, flawed characters. Look what happened with Hannah Montana - supposedly a role model, Miley Cyrus became inseparable from the character, and when Miley grew up and cast off her Disney persona, people wondered what happened. Disney is probably trying to avoid that ever happening again by making their characters overtly silly, also doing commercials where the actors say their real names. But, getting back to my point, the entire plot of this show is that these are spoiled rich kids. Even Jessie isn't a role model. Some of the characters don't make sense, like Zuri – again, with Disney you have to suspend disbelief. I thought people knew that about Disney?"Jessie" is about as silly as a TV show that's not a cartoon or puppet show can get, it's not intended to be intelligent humor. It mocks the ultra-rich and this new adopt-a-menagerie of kids pursuit, and also the idea that the nanny sees the kids grow up, and knows more about them, than the parents. The target audience isn't too young, it has to be about 12-16, or thereabouts, because even Zuri acts more like an adolescent than a child. Despite being a self-absorbed rich kid raised in a very sheltered, privileged, and indulgent lifestyle, Emma is surprisingly likable. Other than the typical Disney-kid hijinks, there seems to be honest affection, not just among the kids, but with Jessie and even Bertram. In that respect, the show demonstrates cooperation and making the best of a situation you didn't create, you were just thrust into. A little bit of sibling rivalry is present as important to the plots, but as in any Disney family, it would never threaten their relationships with each other. As the series progresses, the characters seem to become more like their own little family, the usually-absent Ross parents being left out and replaced by the butler and the nanny.Someone made a comment about the "romances" and seems to think this is new to tween or teen TV shows. It's not. When I was a little girl in the '70s, romantic relations were just as popular a topic as they are today. Crushes and adolescent dating were on our minds, we just didn't have 5 channels of TV devoted to us (we didn't have 5 channels of TV, period). If there weren't TV shows devoted to it, we had to read it in books and magazines, and many stories I read that I remember now were very similar to "Jessie."Debby Ryan is adorable. I think she's great for this role. In fact, I think Disney's hitting it out of the park with casting their TV shows lately. I would love to see her in more work outside of Disney, especially featuring her musical talent. Cameron Boyce has great dancing talent, not just the break dancing he displays on the show but also in the PSA where he does some Broadway moves - I could see him do theater. In fact, he seems to be the most versatile actor of this ensemble other than Ryan.I will never understand this idea of bashing a show when no one is forcing you to watch it. If you don't like "Jessie," that's your prerogative, but don't expect it to be things it's not: it's not reality, it's not preachy, it is Disney and it's just silly entertainment. Well, at least some of us like to watch the TV and laugh at silliness that makes no statement other than sit back and enjoy the crazy. I just wish there were more new episodes than one per month, that seems to be a Disney thing right now. I still watch the same episodes over and over. At least until my cats get their own Instagram accounts and Tyler teaches them to take selfies.
1 David Fincher is a phenomenal craftsman. His visual style dominates every inch of the frame but why is it that I left the theater so untouched, so unscathed. I told the story to someone over dinner and I couldn't do it without laughing. This is no comedy, or is it? So, what is it about David Fincher's movies that include some shocking stuff without shocking me. I can observe without participating. Cold, maybe that's it. The passionate story is told without passion but with a feverish attention to the cosmetic veil that covers or masks the real story. I wasn't bored, just impatient and a bit put off. I admired the performances and wondered about the casting of Neil Patrick Harris and Tyler Perry. I suspect is code for something but I can't imagine what. After all said and done, goo see it.
1 Don't believe the positive reviews about "The House", they are bought and paid for reviews.The House is a god awful, terrible film. It has absolutely nothing going for it. The acting is bad, the plot is terrible. Nobody laughed during the entire film....nobody.I am a Will Ferrell fan and I like Amy Poehler, I like them both but I just cannot lie to you about this film.It is so bad that it may ruin both of their acting careers.....it is that bad.Whew....it stinks.
1 . . . by the most overrated filmmakers ever."No Country for Old Men" shares with other wildly overrated movies, like "Pulp Fiction" or "Collateral," a ludicrous setting in which criminals engage in wild shootouts and murder sprees lasting for days and days without any noticeable effort on the part of law enforcement to put a stop to it. NCFOM takes place in an alternate universe where an insane madman can travel across Texas murdering several people a day without the slightest hint of the FBI, DEA, U.S. Marshals, Texas Rangers, or any other authorities lifting a finger to stop him. The only cop who seems to be on his trail is an aging small town sheriff played by Tommy Lee Jones who doesn't actually try to catch him but just passing amiably through life making philosophical reflections on evil.This movie has no interesting or sympathetic characters. Our supposed "hero" only gets in trouble because he commits an unbelievably stupid and selfish act -- stealing $2 million in cash from a drug deal gone wrong in which several people have already been murdered. Does he think no one will come after him? Then he compounds his idiocy by returning to the scene of the crime. Why should we care what happens to him after this beginning? He has what appears to be a very nice, likable girlfriend, whose life (along with his own) he endangers -- for what? Some blood/drug money that if the drug dealers don't kill him for taking, the cops will bust him for spending. Stupid. Besides which, the character has no backstory, no interesting qualities. He is a cipher.The character of "Chigurh," over which all the critics are having such orgasms, might as well be an extraterrestrial, he bears so little relationship to actual human life. He appears to be in his late thirties -- killing people at a rate of two or three a day, as he does in this film, he must have murdered close to 10,000 in his adult life, without ever being apprehended. This man is almost on a par with Stalin, Hitler, Mao, and Pol Pot, except instead of killing people en masse as they did (using subordinates, secret police, and soldiers to do the dirty work), he appears to do every killing himself, many of them with some kind of oxygen tank (how clever, and how convenient it must be to lug around an oxygen tank to kill people with instead of, say, a handgun). And there is no FBI team on his tail, no worldwide manhunt to catch the biggest serial killer of all time. It's funny how many "professional assassins" there are in movies like this (and "Pulp Fiction" and "Collateral") and how few there seem to be in real life.The plot of this movie is so unbelievably trite, clichéd, and hackneyed that it is simply boring. Of course, a trite story can still make a great movie if it is well done. But the Coen brothers are far above actually putting in the effort to make their story work effectively on a nuts and bolts level. For instance, why bother to show the ultimate confrontation between the hero and villain? Why would the audience care about that? On some level, the Coen brothers must be laughing at all the sycophantic critics falling all over themselves to heap orgasmic praise on this joke of a movie. This film, and its ecstatic critical reception, represents the ultimate elevation of style over substance -- the appearance of meaning over actual meaning, quirkiness and moodiness for its own sake rather than in the service of a genuinely engaging story and characters.
1 We had been treated on a real horror-esque fest this summer. From botched up remakes of movies to well bad moms. There are no redeeming qualities. At least the new Ghostbusters had me laughing a bit now and again but this movie is nearly as bad as Himalaya, a three + hour movie i was forced to watch in highschool of how indigenous people herd their yaks over the mountain paths. I never walked out on a movie, except on this one.But back to the movie. Really Really bad script, not funny, man hating, failure to communicate and no sense of humor sums this erghm "movie" up quite nicely. basically story goes like this; Women make active choices they later regret ( like finding wealthy men and marrying them, plus having kids while sitting at home or just fail to produce anything noteworthy because of the lack of education... because they got children quite early). Then the say enough is enough.. go girlpower.. and act like deranged immature college frat boys/girls. Then they roll stupid and immature with each other and smash it into one big pretzel of fail.So conclusion: actresses, though still easy on the eyes seem to be the ones with their careers winding down ( some aren't as good of an actress to begin with). the so called humor is so immature that it is facepalm retch worthy. The script is even worse and yes, one could argue that actresses can't shine if the script is terrible.To end there is a disturbing trend in Hollywood where in certain movies the "hate" for one or more groups, oftentimes men in general, can see oozing like a slimer that just flew through the theater screen. Directors some advice: keep your SJW/feminasty social construct politics and Utopian dreams out of a movie that could have been OK-ish if you had bothered writing a half decent script.
1 It's pretty sad people call this art. This was just disgusting. I'm not a person who dislikes gore, I can stand it, and I like it. I'm not some animal rights pusher (I support it, but if it were me or the dog, the dog would die.) Now this was just truly disgusting and cruel. They did things to these animals that is so (I want to cry) horrible. I just think "What was the unimaginable pain of that muskrat, or the turtle, or the monkey." And f***ing a v*gin* with a wooden stake, WTF! Who sits down and comes up with this, and if you do, you don't film it. I love artistic movies like The Tracey Fragments and The Blair Witch Project, but this was by no means "art". This was a journey through a disgusting slaughterhouse. What saddens me is that you people act as if it weren't real. Well honey, those animals died for you entertainment. Now that's what i call "art"
1 Profoundly stupid and childish at every single step along the way. This was born from a pretty stupid book that was also childish and simple-minded.The book was a total rip-off of An Officer and a Gentleman to the point that I was surprised the author didn't lift the "steers and queers" line. The story is so ridden with clichés it's like they used a Micro Soft boilerplate model for the script. Butch-sounding name: Mitch Rapp. Check. Grizzly old vet training the new punk kid. Check.Arab bad guys right out of an episode of Scooby Doo. Check. Lame martial arts scenes right out of a 9 year old kid's fantasy. Check.Nothing at all felt real about this movie.
1 The Ghost Whisperer is a really good show that has the potential to be great. The storyline for the pilot was very compelling and touching. I have watched Medium, but I prefer THe Ghost Whisperer primarily because of the fact that GW deals more with helping earthbound souls find their way to the other side and not about solving crimes. Jennifer Love Hewitt is a joy to watch and the rest of the cast seems to be well suited to their roles. The only problem I had was some of the dialog seemed too campy and a little rough around the edges, but that is common with pilots. I'm really looking forward to seeing more from this one.
1 I first watched this film by renting it from a Redbox. The rental is only $1.50 and honestly the amount is so little I usually do not care if I rent a bad movie but, I really feel like I actually wasted my money on this film. At first this film seemed good from the trailers, it seemed like a good twist on a thriller and it really piqued my interest. So when I saw it on Redbox I was excited because I haven't seen a good thriller in a long time. So when I got home and popped it in my player after the first ten minutes I knew this film was going to go downhill and had no end in sight. Keanu Reeves usually plays as a strong, smart, and capable character in his movies; not a wimpy, stupid, and really a down right moron. This fact alone disappoints me because I am a Reeve fan and a little part of that admiration just went away. The film started well, with him sidestepping their advances and being seeing the girls as young and stupid, but in the bathroom scene apparently all of that goes out the window just because they're naked. Wow. As the film progresses it seems to become a slight against men, by portraying them to be these idiotic, misogynistic, and sex on the brain oafs that will do anything as long as there is a piece of "meat" hanging in front of them. This becomes overly clear when the character, "Genesis" has the line, "You all are the same" and "They never say no." I understand that this is a film but to create something so bigoted and dogmatic and think that it is acceptable; it really begins to bring to light the morals and philosophies of the writers and producers. I know that this will probably make some folks mad or angry but flip the situation around. If it had been a woman on the bed getting raped by a man, I'd put money on the fact that this movie wouldn't have made it beyond the notepad of the first writer. We as a society tend to have double standards that usually benefit one party or another, and I completely understand why this happens and why it is bad. But to campaign against this problem and to become a more accepting society, movies like this are not helping whatsoever. I am not trying to suggest censoring literature and media, but to have a film that is so one-sided is very detrimental to furthering our society to become rational and fair. Overall, I was extremely disappointed with this film. It will only make the viewer angry and frustrated. I feel this film will only please one particular group of people, the more radical feminist groups. More liberal feminists will probably be angered by the movie because it really puts a bad name on the movement, by making it seem that this is what feminism hopes to prove. The intention of my review is not one of contention and hostility but to give my opinion and hopefully shine some light on the reasoning behind it. I just ask that before you go and fire away a comment or a reply to this review, to try and see it from a different my perspective, a 22 year old man that is still trying to understand how the world works. Thank you. P.S. I use the word "feminism" and "feminist," not as a derogatory remark or slight, but just as a descriptor of a noble movement or person.
1 Well, I´ve seen "Pi" and was fascinated. Now, there´s "Requiem for a dream" and my expectations were very, very high. That can be the downfall for a movie, but in this case I wasn´t disappointed. Aronofsky proves not only that he can direct a "bigger" movie, he also shows how one can do so without selling out. To be more precise: "RFAD" is one of the most disturbing and depressing movies that came out of the US for a looooong time. From the opening scene to its final curtain it´s...well, a requiem for the characters, who are all perfectly portrayed by their actors. Ellen Burstyn is unbelievable. The power of her performance can only be compared to that of Björk in "Dancer in the dark". Aronofskys direction is even more experimental than in "Pi" and some of his ideas, like his combination of sound and picture are really innovative and give his movie a musical feel -without creating a long music video. On the downside, you could say that this movie offers no hope, no solution - but then, this would´ve been a lousy compromise.
1 The worst thing is reading all the reviews that think the movie is "close" to plot line of original with "slight" changes. What the hell are they talking about? The ENTIRE point of the written piece was REVENGE and INCEST, voluntary and involuntary by entrapment. Violence? just a part of an amazing thriller and stylized. This film has removed more than an octopus and a tongue - it removed the entire foundation of the story. I'm pretty angry actually - if you're going to remake a story, then remake THE STORY. Man locked up for 20 years by fellow student who had incestuous relationship with sister, which was exposed, leading to her suicide and his broken heart, thereby explaining his insane revenge plan. This mess seemed like maybe he copped out because Americans can't handle the real plot without outrage. The ending thereby makes no sense at all given everything else. I will say that the technology in this remake makes it a bit more believable as a story, and I appreciated some plot clarifications that the Korean were hard to understand because of sloppy subtitles. I'm just mad, and disappointed. If you are a fan of original, stay away. If you just want to see these good actors do an OK job of a watered down thriller, it's about a 5.6.
1 After sitting through almost 40 minutes of this unwatchable film, I just had to turn it off. The acting was poor, the screenplay was disjointed, and the storyline was illogical. Some examples: Charlton Heston is supposed to be a Mexican. They give him a Cisco Kid mustache but his accent is from Iowa. His new bride, Janet Leigh, and he are on their honeymoon in Tijuana. If you are taking Janet Leigh on a honeymoon, there are certainly much better places to take her than a scruffy border town. But catch more of this logic. Heston is a law officer in Mexico who is pursuing a drug gang. Right at the border, near where they are walking, a bomb blows up a convertible with two people inside. Heston is with his wife. Logic says that he would assume that this is a dangerous place, not only for him but his wife. But that does not stop him. He tells her to go by herself back to the fleabag hotel where they have chosen to spend their honeymoon. On the way, she is accosted by a bunch of toughs who say that they have a message for her husband. And she follows them! Later on, she is undressing in her hotel room, which has no shades and someone shines a flashlight on her from a window across the street. After she covers up, what does she do? Does she turn the light off in her room? Does she call the management? No, she climbs up and unscrews the hot light bulb in her room, (without a tinge of pain) and throws it across the street into the window where the light came from and she hits a bullseye. (Try throwing a light bulb once. It's like throwing a ping-pong ball.) Later Heston can't seem to find another hotel in the town so the takes her to a fleabag motel in the boondocks, where she is the only guest. (I half expected it to be the Bates Motel). She lounges around the room in a bustier, while a gang of toughs in hot cars arrive. She shows absolutely no fear or trepidation at this turn of events. Meanwhile, her husband still does not seem concerned over her safety, even though the motel is owned by the drug gang chief. At the point I turned it off, Heston was holding a meeting with a few American cops and takes them to his hotel room, which looked perfectly fine. Why then is she in the boondocks? Note that there are pointless cameos of Marlene Dietrich and Eva Gabor and even Dennis Weaver whose acting consists of looking back and forth nervously behind a set of overly large glasses. For those of you who view this film positively, you must have watched a different movie than the one I watched.
1 The disease she has doesnt cause brain swelling, its a real disease they butchered. It causes an increase in cancer which may kill you.No one would busk on the street and automatically have dozens of people watching.
1 Rating: ***1/2 out of ****What a fun film! From the moment it begins, "Amelie" bursts with joy and energy. It's a fable of sorts, a love letter to a Paris fondly dreamt of by many. It may not be the real world, but it is such a delightful fantasy that it doesn't matter how unbelievable some of it may be. "Amelie" is the rare romantic comedy that has both the romance and the comedy. It isn't very surprising that this has been a hit in France for a while now, and I have no doubt it will find the audience it needs in the States as well.Amelie Poulain (Audrey Tautou) is a nave girl working at the Two Windmills Caf. When she was a child her mother and teacher was an innocent victim of a suicide gone awry. Amelie stayed with her father until she was old enough to leave and lead a life of her own. One day she finds a small box of treasures behind a tile in her wall, she decides to return it to her owner and become a natural do-gooder. Later on, she catches a man groping for lost photos under a photo booth (Nino Quincampoix, played by Mathieu Kassovitz), and it's love at first sight. She decides to go on a quest to find this man and help anyone she can along the way (including her father and co-workers).I said before that this film was a love letter to Paris, it is also a love letter to Amelie herself. Jean-Pierre Jeunet (director and co-screenwriter) conjured the film like a dream, as if Amelie is his dream girl and he is trying to save her and bring her to a happy ending. It's not hard to want everything to work out for her and her friends. Amelie Poulain is the kind of person who you wish was your best friend, your neighbor or your sister. She bounces along with good grace and whimsy living life to its fullest, yet keeping a mischievous grin. She has her own idea of justice that isn't very disagreeable. The tormentors must in turn be tormented; the lifeless must be brought to life. The film is like a non-musical "Bells Are Ringing", with our heroine bringing so much life to those around her but neglecting her wants and needs.After seeing Audrey Tautou as Amelie, I can't possibly imagine anyone else in that role. She embodies Amelie like no one else could, she is a rare find that pulls off the job of breathing life into Amelie in spades. Wait, I take that back. She does not just breathe life into Amelie, Tautou makes her jump off the screen and pull the audience into the story. It would be a crime for her not to get a Best Actress nomination for her role.Magical is the world that Amelie lives in, where photos and lamps come alive to aid her quest, where TV shows are showing nothing but her story. The story this setting surrounds is pretty standard, and presented plainly could have just been another machine-processed romantic comedy. Is it too sappy? No. On the contrary, the film takes quite a few steps to make sure it doesn't become tacky or conventional. The rich, storybook setting and a witty screenplay (asides are taken to deepen our connection each character, little things that each likes and dislikes) make the film all the more a delight to watch. The cinematography, crafted by Bruno Delbonnel, does wonders for "Amelie". The camera captures the action with an eye of a child in a candy store, beautifully bringing about each shot as a new discovery.With films like "The Widow of Saint-Pierre", "With a Friend Like Harry" and box-office hit "Brotherhood of the Wold", French cinema has had quite a year. It's a delight that we round off the year with "Amelie", a fresh, funny journey that could have easily just been more Meg Ryan-esque romantic comedy fodder. If not for anything else, see it for Tautou's performance, but prepare to be smothered in a dream world.
1 I'll start off by saying that I really enjoyed this movie. At times it made me laugh, at times it gave me frights, there were many times when it set my pulse racing. It's an action movie, its supposed to. Not once did it make me think of how flawed western civilization really is, or put tears in my eyes, or make me appreciate living in a 21st century, western country, with plenty to eat, drink etc. Its an action movie, it's NOT supposed to. And thats where I find some of these reviews annoying. If you go to the cinema to see a movie called GI Joe: Retaliation, which is an action movie, you should only rate it accordingly. This movie easily fulfills all the criteria for a good action film, so if you want to go see an action movie, then yes, go see this. The acting isn't bad, the plot is fairly good and the visuals are incredible. But if you want to see a realistic film, one that will make you smile, sob, or think about life, do not go see this film. What this film is, is 2 hours entertainment. It will have you glued to the screen for that 2 hours (especially if you see it in 3D). I would recommend GI Joe: Retaliation to anyone from about the age of ten up, as long as you walk into the cinema or press play expecting to see a good action movie. If you do this, you will be thoroughly entertained for 2 hours. Enjoy!
1 I respect and admire this movie, even though (and perhaps because) it is complex, occasionally irritating and often very hard to take.  Frankly, I avoided seeing it for a long time, but now am glad I did.  To complain that the film fails as a realistic portrayal of addiction is, I think, to miss the point.  Far from being the mere depiction of a collective downward spiral fueled by drugs, the movie is in fact a meditation on loneliness, greed, corruption, desperation, and the pervasiveness/banality of media, among many other things.The subtleties of the text are communicated, first and foremost, by superb acting.  The performances of Ellen Burstyn, Jared Leto, Jennifer Connelly, and Marlon Wayans are all revelatory.  In particular, I was knocked out by Burstyn, who is almost comically pathetic in the beginning, but who manages by the end to convey her character's utter devastation in the truest, most heartbreaking manner imaginable.  The others are absolutely perfect as well; I was simply astonished by Leto and especially Wayans (may he eschew "scary movies" forevermore).  Connelly has perhaps the most difficult role in the film, with opportunity and motivation galore to go over the top, and she delivers not a single false note throughout.My only real quibbles with the movie have to do with certain instances of the split-screen and jump-cut techniques, which struck me as somewhat gimmicky and repetitious, respectively.  That being said, overall the style of the film is impressive and appropriate.   The cinematography is beautifully conceived and executed, and the score is every bit as haunting as the performances (thanks largely to the work of the Kronos Quartet).In sum, regardless of whether or not the subject matter itself shocks you, this movie will put the viewer through the proverbial wringer.  Give it a chance, and you will connect with the characters and then witness their destruction (spiritual and otherwise).  It is a punishing but unforgettable experience.  I'm not sure whether I'd necessarily recommend it or not; it all depends on your personal tolerance level with regard to an unflinching portrayal of human nature and behavior at their most extreme and, ultimately, tragic.  For my part, while I don't expect to watch this film very often in the future, I'm sure glad it'll be on the shelf.
1 First off if you are looking to be magically transported to the pages of this beloved children's story, please prepare yourself to be sadly disappointed. The only thing this film has to do with anything from the book is the characters. The story is as ridiculous as the absolutely exhausting Red Queen baby talking and The Mad Hatters stupid lispy over acting. Both are equally annoying through the entire film. You actually just want to shake Johnny Depp and beg him to stop. I understand film makers taking some creative license in adapting a book to film but this is just pathetic. I can't understand how this movie was even allowed to be released with the title of Alice Through the Looking Glass. It made wish there was a looking Glass that I could jump through to escape having to finish the film, but as I was with family I had to endure it til the end.
1 I watched for a few seasons and somewhat got sucked in with the mediocre at best storyline, but stopped watching because I realized how terrible this was. I don't understand how it's still on the air---I guess because the demographic is watching this, and I really hope they would stop, since there are much better shows on. Here are some of the problems:1. TERRIBLE acting. You will laugh and cringe (for the majority of the actors-- the guy who plays Navid may be an exception). 2. There are no likable characters. 3. Everyone keeps dating everyone. If they spent less money on clothing and hair and makeup for the actors, they wouldn't have this problem. There are shows for this demographic that have better story lines, better acting, and less bull. (Gossip Girl, One Tree Hill). This is the worst one of them all, and that's saying something.
1 I saw a free screening and somehow still wanted my money back. This kind of self-indulgent crap is why people don't trust Hollywood comedies anymore. Not only is the cheesy message of this movie dishonest and singular to only one demographic of people, but it's a fairly obvious retread of Shallow Hal with a few key details changed. Replace Amy Schumer with literally anyone and it would be a little funnier, but not a whole lot, since the writing is so mediocre and predictable. "Oh, it's what's on the INSIDE that counts! How did I not see it before?" is the movie's realization, a message that had been beaten into the audience's head with a sledgehammer from minute one of the movie, but somehow it took this dense, unlikable, cringe-inducing protagonist an hour and a half of screen time to figure out. I laughed literally once during this film, when Schumer's character got her hair stuck in the stationary bike, which of course, is shown in the trailer. Was I laughing at the idea of Amy Schumer in pain, you ask? Possibly. Doesn't matter. Still counts as one laugh.Just skip it. Go see Super Troopers 2 instead and support people that actually have some talent and couldn't get their movie funded by a production company, (which leaves me to wonder how this utter abortion of a film did). ST2 isn't groundbreaking, but at least I didn't leave it wanting my money back.
1 My honest rating would be 6 for that movie but I rated it 1 to balance the "emotional" ratings. Cast and the part with Matt Damon were good. The rest was a bad combination of Gravity, 2001: A Space Odyssey, a bit Mr. Nobody in the wrap of a lot of useless drama... If you have a thinking mind which does not surrender to the dirty drama games of the commercial script writers then your brain cells will hurt like a b... after seeing that much nonsense. Unfortunately, that is the destiny of almost all movies playing with the time concept except the Back to the Future trilogy. What concerns me more than the quality of the movie itself is the number of blown-up ratings threatening the credibility of IMDb, which I always trust. Who are you people? Some fake rating generator AI? Thousands of people voting for 1$ per day? Last words: Don't go! They don't deserve your money because they did not put enough effort to create a meaningful story and I would accept any meaning in its own logic.
1 First, I know many who read this will not take the time to research what I'm saying to see that it is true and further, many won't have the ability to see it even if they did. So, I know this review will be thumbed down by those who don't like the hard truths in life but this movie (or should I say novel by Dennis Lehane) was a nice piece of plagiarism based upon a 1920 silent film called The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari.The same basic plot exists in both as well as the exact same twist ending. The lead character investigates an insane asylum and tries to put clues together to figure out the mystery surrounding the place but as we near the end, we learn that the lead character isn't there to investigate anything. He's an inmate there who has invented much of what he was investigating as part of his coping mechanism.Shutter Island would have been a good movie if it hadn't ripped off The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari so blatantly. Lehane obviously knew that the old movie was in the public domain but instead of telling the viewers that it was based on that movie, they just pass it off as his (and/or Scorseesi's idea). That, my friends, is the definition of plagiarism.I don't recommend this whatsoever for this reason. It is a shame and Lehane should be called on it but who will do it? Too much $ to be made reheating the old dishes and calling them made from scratch.Watch The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari (it's on y o u t u b e if you want to compare the two and see that what I'm saying is 100% correct).I almost never write reviews but this time, I had to.
1 Easy on the senses with touches of tension, drama and surprises awaits those that catch this movie. It move fast and manages to entertain and keep ones attention from start to finish. The main star is a handsome talented man that seems perfect the role given/assigned so kudos there. The rest play their parts adequately and the result is a movie. Its not top notch in its field but an entry into international political intrigue and does give one a decent return for time and money. Good snack movie and if you catch it on cable that's good enough. It is always good to be reminded how lucky we Americans are to live in America regardless of our own troubles and hang-ups. Watching this shows how other countries don't handle dispute very well or have a long term planning but instead a day to day getting by type living. Be careful however for it is easy to get a dose of the....
1 Absolutely ridiculous nonsense that only proves that people are sheep nowadays. This is junk with no redeeming value whatsoever. Joker's voice is terrible, the dialogue is awful and silly...and bruce wayn's hair is enough to make you turn this off. HOW could anyone record this dialogue and sleep at night?
1 I don't really know where to start... At first I didn't know what to think. There are so many nasty, nasty scenes in this film. So it took quite a while to really "digest" it. It truly is a nasty film. I didn't think it was possible to make such a film and get away with it!But there's more to it. It's not JUST a nasty film. It's a nasty film with something to say. It's got something to say about money, about art, about family and about life in the "not-as- rich" parts of the "civilized" world. I think this movie is a part of a cleansing. A cry to the world; don't let sick stuff happen. It might just be me, but I thought I could see all that through out the film.It is a very well made movie. The acting is solid to the end. The camera-work is just superb. Lighting, sets and costumes are just delicious! It's got texture. A look of it's own. The gore effects are also unbelievably well made. That is why this film is so hard to watch. It all seems a little too real to be entertaining. I love gore film, I do. But I prefer the campy ones with obviously fake gore. It's just too real to be comfortable.So I'll give this movie a solid 7 out of 10.It's really good but it's also really hard to watch.
1 The movie feels like it was written by a ten year old girl hooked on drugs. Cardboard characters are so undeveloped that they should have stayed in authors womb for few more months/years. Bad acting and "I don't care about what is going on" attitude from the actors brings final nail to this movie coffin. There is nothing substantial in this movie, nothing that can teach us something new about ourselves or the world around us, which is quite odd for the science fiction movie. True the cinematography of the movie is first class, but it only saddens me that it is used on such bad material. In the end don't get fooled by this movie. Its only purpose is to take your money with bright lights and a false promise, but it will leave you with a mouth full of ash, wondering why you wasted your time.
1 for me,this is by far,the weakest entry in the CSI cannon.it's not that the stories are uninteresting.many of them are.most of the characters are done well enough,except for two notable exceptions.the first exception,and this is just my opinion,is the character of Dr. Alexx Woods,the medical examiner,played by Khandi Alexander.i find the character much too weepy,at least in the earlier episodes i have watched that might be different now.i think Khandi Alexander is a good actress,given a weak character to portray.the character with biggest flaw,at leas in my opinion,is Lieutenant Horatio Caine,Played by David Caruso.Caine is the leader of the team.this character is just way too annoying for me.Caine is just a poser to me,with his supposedly thoughtful demeanor at the end of each episode where he looks out at the ocean with this hands on his hips and his cool looking sun glasses on.i also find his speech pattern annoying.this character sinks the whole show and makes it all but unwatchable.this may not bother everybody,but it sure does bother me.in fact,i dislike the character enough that i have not bought any CSI:Miami on DVD,and probably won't.again,this is the character,not the actor.and the character may be different now.i don't have anything against Caruso.this is just my view.for me,CSI:Miami is a 4/10
1 Only Stephen Spielberg could make a film about the holocaust where the point is that none of the major characters do NOT die.  To me the message is lost because of this and the film becomes a glorification of one man surrounded by the deaths of millions.  Oscar Schindler was a Nazi embroiled in the holocaust and the second world war.  He managed to save his friends, yet profited from concentration camps.  Ok, so he wasn't an anti-semite bent on destruction, but he only saved people he was connected to, and their families.And the evil Nazis in this film are all slightly comical.  Where is the evil?  Where is the horror?  Where is all the death and torture and misery.Scrape the surface of this film and you find a gratuitous "entertainment" movie.  If you want to know about the holocaust watch Shoah.
1 Before starting I must confess to watching this film never having seen the original and without realizing there was one. After reading some of the comments here I will pick up internal affairs and watch it. Having discovered the film is a remake of a superior foreign film this explains a lot (though probably not all) of what makes this such a bad film.But I am happy to take the film stand alone on its own merits, of which there are few. For Scorsese to stoop to this debacle after masterpieces like Mean Streets and Goodfellas is shocking. The fact that this won so many awards is beyond me.Let's review the completely unbelievable plot points: - Gangster Nicholson allows former cop (who he knows is a former cop) DiCaprio become his right hand man seemingly moments after joining his gang.Nicholson discovers there is a mole in the organization. And can't work out that it's DiCaprio, his latest recruit. Ludicrous. This appears to be a gang of less than ten people. Give me a break.The whole film falls apart right there - if you can't believe the main premise then it's failed. But let's go on.DiCaprio is the only gangster not to give his ID number to his boss, but he is still above suspicion.Rotten Cop Damon gets away with blasting his boss Nicholson - and there is no investigation? Nobody ever subpoenas cell phone records (a very easy thing to do) Damon and DiCaprio just happen to be dating the same girl.Said girl is given incriminating tape of Damon by DiCaprio. Nothing is ever done with this tape though. Was this cut out to trim the film under three hours? Said girl agrees to go for a coffee with her patient DiCaprio. This doesn't happen in real life. Psychiatrists do not date their patients. Not even Frasier did that and that was supposed to be comedy.Police records are completely erasable by one person with no backup and no trace remaining. Nonsense.The final scenes at the building are ludicrous. Characters only briefly touched upon at the beginning of the film are suddenly players in the big game to the point where they will commit cop murders. I'm not sure I understood why it needed to be on the roof anyway. From what I understand this was in the original film but there was a reason for it. Poorly executed.Jack Nicholson is Boston Irish. Maybe he is of Irish descent in reality - but he sure can't play it well.Err, the State Police in central Boston? No - that's BPD's turf. They at least have to work with BPD.Gangsters throw a captain of the State Police off a building and there are no fingerprints or other evidence available later.And now for the pointless time wasters: Obviously Scorsese is big enough and powerful enough that he can dictate cuts (or lack thereof) to the studio at this point. Unfortunately this leads to a self indulgent two and a half hour (felt like four hours) film and convoluted story telling The whole plot with the girl psychiatrist. What is this for? It serves absolutely *no* purpose in the film other than to make it longer and less believable. Even her pregnancy is left hanging. I really get the feeling they filmed a lot more but had to quickly cut to get the length down. This is why studios have editors. Let them do their jobs and cut the drivel from films and make them entertaining.The whole setup in police academy. That's half an hour right there that should have been cut out of the film.The stupid porno/hooker stuff with Nicholson. Pointless, plot irrelevant and simply unnecessary. Goodfellas managed to be a great film without that. Although there was one light moment when Jack implied he can't raise the titanic any more. Art imitates life I guess.The OTT language. I'll believe it from gangsters but special investigators tend to be a bit more pro.The sex scene was just sillyNow let's throw in some bad casting/bad directing decisions: - Having Matt Damon and Leonardo DiCaprio play the leading roles, both cops with crew cuts. They are both good actors but something should have been done to differentiate between the two in terms of physical appearance. These guys look too much alike in the opening sequences - waaay to confusing. This is solved later when DiCaprio starts to look more ragged.Whatever happened to the FBI angle? Why bother with it if it is unused? Too many stars. They all demand face time which makes the film drag. It would have been better with some unknowns.The whole secret cell phone deal was used how many times? Repetition plagued this film all the way through.OK - so you get it. The film has a plot full of holes and drags on for hours. It promises so much and delivers so little, which is why it deserves so few marks from me.The one star, if I must give one, is for Alec Baldwin who is hilarious as one of the senior cops and steals every scene he is in. In a cast of stars that's a pretty neat trick.
1 Ninety percent of this film was set in the 3 main characters backgrounds. From meeting in primary school through to entry into the defence forces. The other 10 percent was the actual terror attack, which lasted less than a minute. Of the 3 "heroes" only one was portrayed as a true action taker. The other 2 hid under the seats only to get involved after the terrorist was disarmed and taken down. The use of the actual real life heroes playing themselves intrigued me and that is why I saw the movie. However, the acting was very wooden and a bit cringey at times.I did not enjoy this movie. I kept checking my watch to see when itvwas ending.
1 I went into this series hoping that it would be another Smallville or something similar but was pretty disappointed with season 1. It did seem like there was potential so I decided to give season 2 a try and have been more and more disappointed with each episode I watch.My biggest problem is Supergirl's attitude. She behaves like a spoiled, self-entitled, super arrogant, super bitchy - dick. As Jimmy and Wynn set up for Guardian she knocks them down every chance she has and refuses to let someone else do what they want. She behaves like this with Mon-El and pretty much everyone else. This goes on and on throughout all of season two (up to episode 14 so far).The fights are really badly edited. There are so many instances where you see the punch or kick fly by the opponent and missing them by a good foot (f not more) and that takes you out of the moment. It looks more like they were filming the rehearsals rather than the actual sequences. Some fights are just unbareable to watch because of that. It's a shame because the stunts and fights for the most part are well done so it's a shame to ruin good work by poorly placed cameras and bad editing.Supergirl is an idiot. Over and over again she knocks down the bad guy, then turns around for whatever reason and just stands there. Meanwhile the bad guy gets up and kicks her ass. Happens over and over. Just not believable and it makes the character seem like they're pretty incompetent and shouldn't be fighting in the first place. For being someone that has super speed she sure can let herself get her ass kicked left, right and center by just regular humans with the odd gadget. Plot line in season two is almost non existent. There's a vague story arch going on in the background but the episodes are filled with melodrama and bad acting. Please, tell me for the next 5 minutes why your feelings are hurt, why I disappointed you, why you don't like me, etc, etc. This should be called - Supergirl - The soap opera.My last point which made me say OK, I'm not watching this anymore was episode 14 of season two. Apart from almost nothing going on (the plot line/story could have been advanced in less than 5 minutes, the rest was fluffer). Kara and Alex get their father back (was rescued) who has been working for Cadmus for 14 years, they reinstate him in the DEO with full access and no questions asked? WHAT?? Common, what sort of morons write sh*t like this? The season is full of moments like this where you just scratch your head and say "UH, WTF?!" I will say that the acting has gotten better over time. Somewhat normal I'd say for the actors to take some time to fall into their roles but that's definitely not enough to save the series. Final thoughts - don't waste your time unless you like Days of Our Lives and enjoy seeing the plot/storyline advance about as fast as a daytime soap opera and also enjoy all the melodrama that comes with it. In order for this show to survive you'd have to get a whole new writing crew in and reinvent the show. Not impossible but is it going to happen? Likely not. No wonder it has a low rating.
1 Inside the mind it is dark. You imagine it is safe. You take refuge there. Outside of the mind is the world. The world is sick, dangerous.You have a door between the two. You keep it locked. You have a protocol for the door to keep what is out, out. The people you trust, that you let inside, you expect them to keep to the protocol as well.But at night something comes the door can't defend against. At night the dreams come, because the dreams live inside, with you. Dreams of doubt and fear. It's at night when the door is most necessary... and most likely to be compromised."It Comes at Night" shrugs off traditional horror beats and embraces the extended discourse of a nightmare, the inky blacks lit only by a hand-held lantern, the invisible contagions that we can't keep out no matter how hard we try, the way a fire we must light attracts things that might do us harm.It's "Night of the Living Dead" without zombies. It's "The Thing" without a monster. It's the distrust we have of everything outside, even the outsiders that are inside. It's the long narrow dark hallway to a door that's supposed to be locked, must be locked, but isn't.And it's one of the very best horror films of the year so far. A year that has already been a landmark one for progressive, humanist, and existential horror.And yes, it is a horror film, no matter what others may tell you.
1 I have tried to keep the number of spoilers to a minimum, while making those that remain as vague as possible.This movie has broken some long-standing records of mine. Let me list them:1. The most irritating movie 2. The most ridiculous high-budget movie (beating Knowing) 3. The most overrated movie (beating Pulp Fiction - Gotta admit, I didn't think this record was going to be beaten for a while longer)To describe this film as a train wreck would be the understatement of the century. There isn't a word or phrase in existence to sum up this colossal nightmare. The closest I can come to it is the word 'abomination'. But go ahead and knock yourself out with a thesaurus. It's definitely the worst high-budget or worst high-rated movie I have ever seen, and I don't think that's a record that will be beaten for a long, long time. The person who wrote this had absolutely no idea how to create a believable or coherent story (or else was trolling). It literally cannot work in the real world in ANY WAY. Even if this were a comic book fiction, the plot would have more holes in it than Britney Spears' brain. But it's set in our world and with ordinary humans. Well, I say 'ordinary', but the humans in this film have seemingly had brain tissue removed so they can get from A to B without wondering what the hell is going on.I could go through the movie and write a thesis on everything that is contrary to good storytelling, but I will instead highlight some things that spring to mind:1. A man goes into his place of work and threatens to kill his boss and co-workers. His boss does nothing at all about it. Not to mention the man is coming into work all the time with a smashed-in face.2. If the "Fight Club" were real, the people in it would be dead long before they could enact a master plan. No human could or would inflict this level of damage on such a frequent basis. 3. You cannot beat yourself up the way the main character in this film does. It's physically impossible - and probably mentally impossible, too. When Jim Carrey did this in Liar Liar, we all laughed because it's funny and worked in a comedy. How thick does a director have to be to think this can work in a serious setting? The laws of biology are also absent for the duration of this picture, because a silly thing like fact can interfere with a bad writer's screenplay. Some dumb individuals tried to create their own Fight Club after seeing this movie, but they quickly learned the difference between reality and bad fiction. Brain damage, pain, and serious injury exist in the real world, folks. Who'd have thunk it?4. There is no way that one person (especially a nut job) could infiltrate so many organizations in such a coordinated fashion, or plant so many bombs without people finding out. The real world is a bit more complicated than the moron who wrote this obscenity. A Tom and Jerry cartoon has better logic than this film. 5. Man's apartment (part of a tower block) is blown to bits and the police find out dynamite was involved. Man is told not to go anywhere but is then allowed to jet about the country. He isn't even brought in for questioning. Are you realizing why this story is cuckoo, yet?6. There is no possible way a psychopath could brainwash so many people and form a large-scale army, spread over such a wide area. But the plot needs it to happen - so it does. Oh, I love it when writers do that. Don't you?7. The twist makes as much sense as the rest of the film. It's not just impossible, it's ludicrous. It's so bad that even a three year old would laugh at it.Fight Club also joins Pulp Fiction and Goodfellas as films to be in the top 20 simply because of gratuitous violence and gore. At least Goodfellas is a decent film with some basis in reality.The only reason this film has been rated so high is because the dumb masses will swallow anything with violence and a pseudo-intellectual script. People who gave this film 10/10 are either gormless fools or mindless barbarians. It's an absolute travesty for the human race that Fight Club is currently in the top 10, let alone top 250.It's beyond all my powers of reasoning to comprehend how people can like something as lazily written and ridiculous as this festering disease of a film. It has absolutely zero credibility.My rating 0/5: DO NOT WATCH. STEER WELL CLEAR. Even the name 'Fight Club' should tell you something about the intellect that created it - by the looks of it, another sneering champagne socialist.
1 If someone asked you to name something with the words: long, boring, predictable, and excruciating, then this movie would be perfect. I honestly felt like I was being tortured while watching this movie. The movie was unbelievably predictably along with a plot so boring it makes you wonder if the producers put any effort/creativity into this film. And not only that but they dragged out the movie by showing unnecessary drawn-out scenes that were obviously predictable which resulted into a combination of a lengthy and dull movie. If you're looking for an exciting movie to watch, then this isn't the one.
1 Why anyone would ever use Mila Kunis i don't know, she has no talent, no t*ts and is generally just a pain in the ass. Had they picked someone with talent to play her part, the movie could have worked, but her lack of talent just killed it, don't watch this unless you like wasting time in your life.. Such a bad movie due to one person.. such a shame... With the right cast, we could have seen an epic movie but.. That did not nor will it happen... So sad... One good part about the movie is Kristen Bell, she does an Awesome job, but not enough to dumb down the horrible horrible part of Mila... Mila has no talent, everyone knows this, but, shes with Ashton so gets parts to not hurt his feelings.. thats it...
1 First it started out like a Mission Impossible episode. Then it got worse. Totally miscast. Who wrote this crap??? Has literally nothing to do with the original. Including the show's theme music. Maybe next time, keep with the original concept. And since when does he have a team??? They should have had Henry Winkler do the show. Just then, it might be worth watching. As it stands now, no way am I going to watch another episode. If you are expecting a show like the original, this isn't it. Very disappointed. I was hoping for another good show and it didn't happen. Why does Hollywood insist on doing their own thing still? It isn't working. This show is not going to make it.
1 Don't waste your time on this awful movie.Where do I begin, the acting is the most terrible thing in this movie, even though there are great actors/actresses involved in it. I think it's mostly due to the terrible director. There are scenes where you see things imagined in the future that don't make any sense. When I saw it I said the director must be really old and doesn't know anything about technology and all. And I was right, he's too old school to have a realistic vision of the future. I would say that during the making the whole team was too lazy to try to perfect the scenes, this is the only explanation that I could come up with. By the way, the whole story isn't that interesting. It's like someone said to himself "what if someone was born on Mars? let's make a movie about it" I mean, how the heck did a pregnant woman get into a spaceship in the first place??!!. These are not the places where people get to make such mistakes. The crew must have gone through a thorough examination prior to their trip. Especially, right before they leave. And yeah, the boy had to be so stubborn, even though he never been in touch with other children, he only lived with old scientists. How did he get this childish attitude? genetics? There are things that just ridiculous like transparent laptops that allow any stranger to peek into what the user is doing!! and they are huge, like why would a student carry a glass made, transparent laptop to school when you have Ultrabooks that are smaller, lighter, and give you more privacy. Just like I said, the director is too old to imagine such things, and the whole crew is too lazy to point out the issue to the director, they just want to get paid regardless of the final outcome.I honestly couldn't go through the first hour of the movie, it's ridiculous.
1 Hollywood is officially DEAD!They have run out of ideas and keep recycling the same trash over and over all the while shoving their far- left liberal politics down the throats of a fed-up public whose beginning to wake up.This sorry piece of CGI crap with a terrible script and actors who seemed like they phoned their performances in is what Hollywood calls entertainment to the masses nowadays.Don't waste your money or time on this turkey.
1 I said I would watch this with the hope bringing back some of the fun that I missed in Rescue Me. Wow! Was I wrong. As a retired Lieutenant, I find this show so removed from reality that it's laughable. The Lieutenant acts like a probie. No leadership qualities and no command of the firefighters at the station or on the scene. Doesn't happen! No department would ever allow a Captain to promote their daughter to Lieutenant even temporarily. The first structure fire scene when a dog is rescued, the room is extinguished is 30 seconds and instantly they are able to walk around with nothing smoldering? Every scene was predictable and that never happens in real life. This is more a soap opera than a fire show. Please cancel this ASAP as you are doing a disservice to all firefighters everywhere.
1 This film is literally a 90 minute porno hiding behind a 2 hour art film. Everything about it is bad. The editing is horrific, every single shot is separated by a half second of a pure black screen. The script is bad. BAAAD. No one has anything resembling a likable personality, there is no plot, the dialogue is stupid at best. The acting... well, these people weren't hired for their acting talent. They were hired because they were willing to get naked and have unsimulated sex on film. This film shows random sex scenes every chance it can. Also it's homophobic and transphobic, there is a scene played totally for laughs where the main guy freaks out over a transgendered woman. OH and if you're an epileptic, avoid this because the director seems to enjoy giving people seizures with random flashing lights.Literally the only thing about this that's in any way well done is the sex, and you can see better sex in actual porn films. Just go rent a porno, you'll get more enjoyment out of it and you won't have to deal with this horribly made 'film'.
1 So I knew nothing of this movie. Just saw it out of luck. Being a huge fan of the horror/fantasy genre, I was caught by the synopsis, because, hey, who doesn't love a good post apocalyptic drama involving family? For a moment there, I saw myself on the hype train towards something related to "10 Cloverfield Lane" or "The Survivalist", but what I got was an extremely weak mix of both. While the idea is interesting on itself, I'm afraid the development lacked originality throughout the movie. If you are a seasoned horror/thriller geek like me, you saw that ending coming a MILE away. I mean, really. Besides, they don't explain the origin of the problem that apparently covers the Earth, or what lead the characters to behave the way they did in the end. Its all left to interpretation, and we're fed up with that. I wouldn't recommend this movie. Sorry.
1 You know those cringe compilation videos on youtube that are physically painful to watch? Well that's how I felt most of the time watching this. The only good acting came from Iwan Rheon which is sad because this will not look good on his resume. I would not recommend watching this unless you are extremely high or have a tolerance for horribly written and badly acted TV shows that never should have been made.-9000/10
1 This show is quite enjoyable, especially because it doesn't take itself too seriously, like it quite often does happen to the big budget ones. I personally like the acting and the characters and wouldn't really change much about it. If more people would watch it, more people would like it. just like with any other show, while only the picky dicks are around you get bad reviews but when people start watching just for the fun of it. The characters are actually very interesting and well thought through. Its innovative especially in that respect and this makes it very enjoyable. Im looking forward to every episode, having a great time watching it
1 First review I have written. I have never been so moved to review a movie until now. I am not sure if the movie has more clichés or plot holes in it, but there are a ton of both. I would have preferred a movie just showing Hercules defeating his 12 labors. The highlight of the movie was the first 5 minutes summarizing the 12 labors Hercules faced. Instead we are given a ridiculous story of Hercules as a mercenary after his family's death. He is hired to lead an army against rebels. The reality the rebels are the good guys and he was fooled. Cliché? Ergenia, the King's daughter could have simply paid Hercules to kill her Father. That would have been a simple task, seeing as he had no army at that point. Anyway I could list a ton of issues with the movie but the biggest one I would like to point out is the appearance of King Eurystheus at the end of the movie. The man turns out to be the murderer of Hercules' family. He is nowhere in the movie at all except for one flashback which showed him briefly. Yet this "King" shows up at the end of the movie when Hercules is captured. So you are telling me...Sometime after returning that day from a major war and during celebrations King Eurystheus showed up to Thrace knowing that Hercules wouldn't leave with the gold? This King traveled to Thrace with just 3 murderous dogs? None of his own soldiers to protect him? What King does that?If you ignore all the plot holes you are still left with a movie without much character development or narrative at all. Honestly I had to check the character list in IMDb because I didn't know the names of any characters after watching the movie.Don't waste your money on this movie.
1 Story of yet-another-descendant of Van Helsing, how can that go wrong right? well, though the idea is good, so far 4 episodes in, the series for me is watchable only via skimming through it(first, middle, and last 3-5 minutes) just to check if they've grown a real story or not... Unlike some of the people commenting here, I actually like how vampires are generally portrayed in the series, but the story is all over the place (as is the acting) making everything mediocre, incoherent, plain and all in all boring.So, for me this is almost the exact moment portrayed in the film "Idiocracy", where in the future, the main character runs into a theater and the only thing showing on the screen is an ass, to which the audience is reacting and laughing as if were a stand up comedy...something which he can't comprehend. I, really don't get how this show receives such ratings, and really don't get Syfy killing good shows, only to replace them with the likes of this...
8 Opening up the week after John Wick 2 and 50 shades 2 and the same week as The Great Wall, does not bode well for the R rated box office of one of the most cryptic, deranged, and disturbing films ever made. You will hate this one or love it, not likely to get many in between votes. There are images in this film that I will never get out of my head. I am smarter than your average bear but I really have to see the film again to figure a lot of it out. And though I gave it an 8, I am not sure it is something I want to subject myself to again.I really enjoyed Dane De Haan's performance. I was not familiar with him before this film. Jason Isaac is solid and Mia Goth is a fascinating actress that I had also not seen before. Where do I start? The running theme of eels? The numerous Octagenarian nude scenes? The torture scenes? The cryptic mystery of the Spa? Yes, I think I will start there. We join the De Haan character at Dr. Volmer's Swiss spa as he spends a great amount of the film on squeaky crutches wandering the estate and trying to figure out what the heck is going on. Needless to say, he sees and is subjected to a lot of dark and twisted stuff.Verbinski does a wonderful job at the helm. Everyone has been comparing this to Shutter Island, in pre release, but I was more reminded of Eyes Wide Shut in terms of mysterious atmosphere.When I review a film, I find it difficult to walk the fine line between discussing it and revealing spoilers, so I will not say a whole lot more about this odd film. I do have one final thing to say. I am very liberal about allowing young people to see films but moms and dads trust me on this one. Do not allow pre teens to experience this film. There was a 5 year old at my screening tonight. I told the mom, "Have fun the next 15 years dealing with how this film affected your son. You should be ashamed." She told me to go to hell. But seriously parents heed my advice it will save you tons on therapy, bail, and/or rehab.
8 Well well, The Scorch Trials. What a great movie!From beginning to end, I was on the edge of my seat. Unlike the first, there's a lot more violence and death in this movie, and the Cranks are OH SO HORRIFYING!And as you may have expected, along with the Cranks comes lots of JUMP SCARES!This movie is super intense and action-packed that you won't want to look away for a moment. Also, there's a single scene about 35 minutes into the movie that shocked me. It wasn't meant to be a plot twist, but the way they pulled it off was incredible. Giving that away would be sad, so I want you to see it for yourself.Let's just say that it involves an quiet, emotional scene with a gun and a slowly growing infection through someone's body. Moving on...The thing I dislike is the lack of character development in the new characters introduced. Here's some random kid shown near the beginning, then when he only appears in the background and basically says nothing, I'm like 'Wait, who is he again?' when he finally begins to speak.The first movie was all about the action, but this one is all about the action and the PLOT. Oh yes, there is a plot twist near the end I didn't see coming, and it kind of involves a familiar character.So much happens in this movie that leaves your mind blown, and it leaves you off with a sort of cliffhanger. It will leave you saying 'The game is truly on...' except the game will be on in 2017. Shame.Overall, I say IGNORE THE CRITICS! They see this as Young Adult, which technically it is, but it's more of a Young Adult horror movie! It's certainly interesting.8/10. Go see it!
8 In the remake of the original Brian De Palma film, and based off of the novel by Stephen King, Carrie tells the story of young Carrie White (Chloe Grace Moretz) who goes through life being tormented by classmates and teachers. The only person she feels close to is her religion- obsessed mother Margaret (Julianne Moore). After a cruel joke, one of the popular girls, Sue Snell (Gabriella Wilde) decides to provide an act of kindness to Carrie by allowing her boyfriend to ask her to prom. But along the way, Carrie starts to develop telekinetic abilities that could bring disastrous results if she's pushed too far.I believe that to compare this remake with the original and say which is better would be completely wrong and impossible. Both films have very strong aspects of their own that make them both able to stand on their own. But to discuss this version as a remake itself, I would definitely have to say it was VERY well-done. The film really gets into the emotional side of the story, we really get to know Carrie and get a sense of her loneliness. This in part is due to an excellent performance by Chloe Grace Moretz in what I really think is her best performance to date. She portrays the emotions of Carrie with such ease that you really feel for the character and think of her as a real person. But when it switches gears and her evil side appears, Moretz provides a very chilling performance. We are also given Julianne Moore as Carrie's mother. From the start of the film and until the very end, Moore shows just how unhinged Margaret White is, and she does it perfectly. Her performances leaves the viewer really unsettled with her dead and haunting performance. As for the effects, unfortunately this remake is filled with a lot of CGI. Does it completely ruin the film? No. But it does take away a lot of the effect. The prom scene for example, while much more violent (which I was pleased about), the CGI was really noticeable. But despite this, some of the effects combined with amazing camera shots is very well-done. One example being when two characters are involved in a car crash, the impacts in the crash were very cool (and slightly disturbing) to watch. So overall, Carrie is a very well-done and perfectly modernized remake that lets us get in touch emotionally with our lead, plenty of bloody moments, and most of all, amazing performances by Moretz and Moore. My rating: 8/10
8 I really liked this movie. Yes, the ending could've been better, a lot better, but it was really psychologically thrilling and spooky, especially for a Netflix movie. I'm really impressed with Netflix's content lately.I see trends in the low star reviews that I want to address. 1) "the ending was bad" I agree, but the rest of it wasn't. A movie with a bad ending isn't going to be the best movie of all time, but if I enjoy watching 90% of the movie, then I would say I got my time's worth. It's just a shame that it didn't take the opportunity to use the "monsters who scare your mind, not just rip up your body" thing that it could have had going for it.2) "not scary enough" it was suspenseful and creepy. It's more psychologically thrilling than outright terrifying, and I genuinely wonder which movies these people deem scary enough for them to enjoy because most horror movies really suck, especially in the past 20 years. Where are they finding all these "genuinely scary" movies? Or are they just consistently always disappointed with all of the horror movies they watch but keep watching them anyways? I have a lot of questions. 3) "didn't capture the essence of the book" why does everyone who reads a book that gets made into a movie feel the need to say this? I'm not sure if they just like being pretentious or if they genuinely believe a 90 minute movie must entirely capture the essence of a full length novel. There's no reason to judge them as if they need to be identical. They're standalone works. When I choose to watch the movie, I would hope that they don't drag it out as long as turning a book into a literal script would require. 4) "Blair witch rip off" very few movies, songs, books, etc. are truly original. You can make a movie with the same basic story tone as another one. Add your own twist, or don't, whatever, I'm not the purity police - just make an entertaining work without breaking copyright laws. If I'm entertained, I don't care if it resembles something else that also entertained me. Anyways, if you read this entire review to learn if this movie is worth a watch, you clearly don't have anything better to do so just watch it. It's not bad.
8 The economy, austerity and directness of the films of Fritz Lang made him one of the most profound, and precise filmmakers... Lang, a master of the German expressionist film, shot his first talkie, a crime drama considered a landmark in the story of suspense movies... It was a shocking idea for its time, based on the real-life killer Peter Kurten, headlined as the Vampire of Düsseldorf...'M' is about a terrorized city, and a plump little man with wide eyes (often chewing candy) who is a pathological child-killer, unable to control his urge for killing... The film embodies several Lang themes: the duality between justice and revenge, mob hysteria, the menacing anticipation of watching a helplessly trapped individual trying fruitlessly to escape as greater forces move inexorably in, and, for probably the first time in the cinema, it adds a new dimension to suspense: pity... For the killer is clearly mentally sick... He cannot overcome the overwhelming compulsion of his murderous disease, and yet, we see him hunted down and almost lynched as a criminal, rather than treated as a sick man... Early in the film, the killer is heard whistling the Grieg theme from 'In the Hall of the Mountain King'. This theme inexorably becomes imbued with menace... And when we see no more than a girl looking in a shop window, the melody on the sound-track told us chillingly that the murderer is there, just out of sight...The Murderer is played by Peter Lorre in a virtuoso performance that has barely been matched in all the thrillers he has made since 'Casablanca,' 'The Maltese Falcon,' and 'The Mask of Dimitrios.' When the photographs of his victims, all little girls, are shown to him, he jumps back and twitches with horror...With powerful visuals, Lang's motion picture is Lorre's first film... His performance as the corpulent, hunted psychopath is a masterpiece of mime and suggestion... Lorre is the archetypal outsider-outside the law and society because of his compulsive crimes, outside the balancing society of the underworld because he is not a professional criminal... He had only twelve lines of dialog...In the most famous of all about a pathological killer - Alfred Hitchcock's 'Psycho' - Anthony Perkins lacked not only the threat of the tortured Peter Lorre, but also the dimension of invoking our incredulous sympathy... 'Psycho' reeked with blood and horror, whereas the suspense of 'M' is subtle... A child's balloon without an owner, a rolling ball, are enough to tell us that another murder had been committed... The audience, trapped in its seats, torn by ambivalent feelings towards the killer, watched him trapped as the net is pulled tight...
8 Steve, Kevin, and Paul came up to Colgate tonight to screen the movie at their alma mater, so a few of us got together and went down to see the movie. And let me tell you, it was pretty funny.The first thing is that you cannot go into it expecting Supertroopers again. This movie, although it is a comedy, is also a horror film. A new batch of tourists come to Paradise Island for a week of fun and non-sobriety. However, someone has started killing off the workers at the club, and the other workers have to catch him and stop other people from knowing about it.Without giving away any spoilers, I can tell you this: it was great. Broken Lizard has somehow made a movie that's insanely funny, and also a bit of a horror flick. The girls across the row from us kept freaking out between laughs, so I guess that was the intended effect. Bill Paxton was great, and was a damn believable island hippie. (Think Sammy Hagar right now, and his fun in Cabo San Lucas.) Steve Lemme seems to have a place in the Broken Lizard movies, and he was awesome this time. Kevin Heffernan is the centerpoint of this film, and he held the role really well. Of course, Paul, Erik and Jay had did a good job, too.Anyway, it's probably worth your cash. If you're a Broken Lizard fan, go see the movie. If you want to laugh but with a little horror, go see it.  And keep an eye on these guys - they're gonna be big.
8 I did not read Dark Places nor Gone Girl (the other Flynn's book) but I can really said that movie is slow but captivating. Theron is as always excellent and modest. Her character does not shine like the female character in Gone Girl; in fact her character is really an accessory to the story that basically happens in flash backs.As a murder mystery; the end is somewhat unexpected but not completely convincing; but it is obvious that the important thing was the sadness, misery and tough decisions some of the characters had to make and its consequences.It is an interesting slow cooked movie; far from commercial but worth seeing anyway
8 Found this series after the first season had aired and watched it in one go.Its a very interesting and entertaining series with unique concept with intriguing characters with fine performances from the cast.The lead character has an interesting character arc which goes from sad/broken spirit to aggressive/ferocious to helpful to cunning.The season finale has an interesting turn of events which leaves for an interesting second season.Hope the network renews the series
8 I didn't expect anything but was also not prepared to witness one of the worst movies ever. I never watch a comedy in a theatre (ok, there were only 12 people in the audience) and no on e laughed out loud throughout the entire 90 minutes. and at the end it gets even repulsive.
8 Neeson creates a likable, sympathetic character. This is necessary for the heightening of tension, which screws on inexorably until you just don't see any way out for him.The camera-work was particularly masterful - creative, meticulous, thought out to a granular level. There are two particular action-pieces towards the climax that are breathtaking, at least one of which looks like (but surely isn't) a single, extended take. The camera defines space and gravity, and is part of the expeience.Yes, there are some credibility straining factors. But it is after all a movie, not a procedural. On the other hand, there are some very neat surprises.Glad we saw it!
8 This film is very empty, for not only does it portray the Germans as "evil, lop-sided, devil worshippers" but it shows the Jews as being "promising, alluring, good guys".  If one is to question morality, then do so, but do not give us the black vs white issue found in this film.  Speilberg, immature since day one as director, tells us what to think, he strips away our humanity by overdosing us on excessive amounts of guilt and sentimentality.  In effect, the film lacks any moral basis except to denounce all evil men and with that, we learn absolutely nothing.....
8 ****Excellent***Good**Fair*PoorMy teacher once said that when you're starting your career it's great to imitate someone just as practice or to gain experience because if you can be as good as them you could be better! And that's exactly what happened to Sergio Leone. After the success of A Fistful of Dollars a sequel was underway and that gave Leone and Eastwood the opportunity to make this character into there own. Here Eastwood is a bounty hunter not a simple gunfighter like in the original. He teams up with another bounty hunter played by Lee Van Cleef who both are after Indio for two different reasons. In this film Leone emerges as an artist. When this film was released times were changing. The new and old generation were in a battle. The vietnam war had just begun and hippies were taking over the country. By pairing the characters of Eastwood and Van Cleef there was bound to be conflicts."They usually end up shooting themselves in the back."From their partnership they understood and learned from each other. Meaning there is something new to be learned from each generation.RATING: 4 STARS
8 I previewed this movie tonight having no recollection of ever seeing the first one (although I realize now I have and simply forgot about it due to its mediocrity). This movie was awesome! As in the first film, the visual effects are stunning and even though I am easily displeased with shoddy CGI, only in one brief scene did I think it was done somewhat poorly. (For reference, I did not see it in IMAX or 3D). While some of the plot points were transparent, the narrative as a whole was quite engaging and was acted well enough for me to really feel for the characters. Another reviewer mentioned the humor of the film in a somewhat negative way but I (and by the sound of it, the rest of the theater) thought it was done perfectly-- it wasn't forced onto characters or into situations it didn't belong in but instead lent itself to filling out the characters and even making some subtle points about relationships, friendships, and life as a whole.
8 The movie is one of the marvels of the Indian Theatre ,beautifully blending historical flashes with modern settings .All aspects of the movie including acting,music,cinematography are excellent and it is a must see for ones who are looking for an "out of the box" movie.At the same time I would like to say that I personally am not in favor of the ending.I feel that is a very wrong message that the Indian youth is getting.The idea of trying to wake up the society with extreme measures is inappropriate.Killing people is never a solution for any malice that is ingrained in the population.The same idea during the independence revolution was totally different and i respect that totally being a strong patriot myself but the movie is a bad example for the young people who already have fire in their blood and cannot think rationally.The movies have a great impact especially on young people and many try to imitate them.If a system has to be changed it has to be done by intellectual stimulation and general awareness not killing "the bad guy"!.We have to teach our youth the same thing. Having said that I would like to say that the director definitely has the right to project his thoughts but I differ about the message the movie gives and thought its worth sharing my ideas with everyone.
8 I have to say, that watching this movie was a total spur of the moment decision on my part and I walked into this completely unaware of what I was getting into. While watching it, I felt my senses were assaulted, but there was more to it than what I was able to discern viscerally. Therein lies the greatness of this movie. It makes you think about what images are being thrown at you and why. The image is obviously that of what the youth of our age are sold as 'the good life': money, drugs, sex and partying. This is the American Dream. This movie follows 4 girls who do despicable acts, who behave with such depravity and who are shallow to the core, that watching this can be painful at times. But that is the whole point and people who walk out of this feeling as though they have had their time robbed of them or are too disgusted by what they see are missing the point. I am not an elitist movie critic in no sense of the word either, but I know a shock movie when I see one.I have to say that visually this movie is beautiful (and no, I am not referencing the nudity here, ha-ha). It is a dark, dreamy, neon- nightmare. I give credit to the movie for this because it is candy for the eyes. Production wise this movie is solid, as is the direction. You feel as if you are in a dream, with it's poignant use of slow motion, and I suppose that is the effect they were looking to achieve. In this aspect they succeeded with flying colours - literally. There's also a beautifully crafted scene during their robbery of a restaurant that features one of the girls rolling the car around the building, catching glimpses of what they were doing inside. A very good piece of cinematography. The cast were great too. I can't really say too much for the female cast as they did all act well in their respective roles. James Franco on the other hand really stood out and delivered a superb performance in what I would say is one of his more challenging roles, because the character himself is just so unlikable and unlike anyone he has portrayed before. He definitely made this movie, and without him in it it would seem to be missing a magic ingredient. Time and again Franco proves his worth as one of the great actors of his generation. He obviously knew that this movie's worth exceeded the majority of our expectations.It seems the point of this film is lost upon most, which is a shame, though I can understand why. On the surface this appears to be a shallow and uninspiring piece of crap theatre with no motive beyond showing us some tits and ass. It is so much more. I love movies that make me think, even if they are at the time disturbing to watch. Well, this is what we are supposed to enjoy watching, after all. This is what our media, our 'culture', our idols depict as the epitome of what constitutes the good life. We are told to live our youth to the full. Is this not what they do throughout the movie? Are you not entertained? No?Isn't that just it though? The truth hurts. This is the truth of what our youth aspire to. Sad, ain't it. Maybe I should give this a 1 star rating. I'm sure that's what the director would want me to do.
8 You know how it goes. The boy (Asa Butterfield) meets the girl (Britt Robertson), there's mutual liking and they want to meet... but there's a space between them. So he will travel to Earth from the Mars colony where he was born. Also starring: Gary Oldman, Carla Gugino, and B.D. Wong, because even the coolest teenagers need some adults around."The Space Between Us" rides on the current wave of Young Adult, or YA for short, novels and movies which has dowsed the cinemas for the last ten years or so. It's still about romance, some sci-fi and action like the most of them (or at least the most popular of them) but it brings some refreshing changes to the menu.It's based on an original screenplay and not novel. It offers sci-fi and action without relying on done to death YA clichés (dystopian society, dating or fighting supernatural beings, etc). It puts characters in real danger so you can't always predict whether everybody's gonna make it. It doesn't have clear-cut good and bad guys...And last but by far not least, the movie has a nice classic Steven Spielberg-ian feel which puts the sense of wonder and adventure back to sci-fi which, in my humble opinion, is often missing or buried under all those visual effects and pizazz setpieces. Even good old Spielberg himself is not always able to pull it off: the movie makes you actually care about the characters because there's a real human backbone to the story. It's entertainment but it also has heart.All this rests very much on the lead man Asa Butterfield who was 18 during the filming and turns 20 this April. Former child star of "The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas", Scorsese's "Hugo" and "Ender's Game" fame, this guy has grown to become a fine young actor indeed. I very much enjoyed his soft but sure performance as an innocent and fragile alien braving the world unknown to him. He has found a seemingly perfect balance between strange, childlike and soulful that the role asks of him, and I'd be glad to see him getting some awards or nominations for this standout work. He even has this memorable, Pinocchio-ish appearance and style of moving which seems suitable for a person not used to Earth's gravity.The other characters stay more in the background, so this turns out to be Asa Butterfield's show, and he more than fulfills the promise. The next most interesting performance comes from Oldman who ventures in the land of brashness and theatricality, in a good way. The aging thespian hasn't offered this kind of colorfulness for quite some time (in a big movie, at least) and I enjoyed it to the point of feeling that his character was underused. Holding him in the background makes sense in the context of a whole story, though.If you find my score surprisingly high, please remember that it's made for a YA crowd, or at least a teenager in all of us. I would not recommend it alongside 8 out of 10 movies made for older viewer groups. Probably.But 8 is not too generous. I liked "Space" very much and its overall quality more than compensates a shallow story which surely would work better longer. This could be a bona fide modern classic if the characters and events had more room to develop and breathe. Maybe in the form of (mini-)series or something.If you like "The Space Between Us" and look for something similar to watch, I would recommend 2014's "The Fault in Our Stars" for moving YA story, or 2015's "Tomorrowland" as an uneven but good example of how to combine sci-fi and action in a YA movie.I choose to end this review with an off-topic anecdote which I just happen to like very much:Q: Why did astronaut leave his wife? A: He needed more space
8 ........Films rarely get this uplifting and brilliant. I cannot think of the last time I was so intrigued by the flawless plot, dialogue and acting since 12 Angry Men. For such a simplistic story set in one jury room, it is surprising that Sidney Lumet can drain you of all your emotions and leave you on the edge of your seat with suspense, mystery, and some of the best acting your bound to ever see grace the silver screen!When a boy is on last day of trial for killing his father in the heat of domestic arguments, 12 jury men are forced to present a verdict in which if guilty, is the one way ticket to the electric chair for the boy. When the jury men decide to quickly end the discussion and raise their hands to find out who thinks the boy is guilty, only one jury man (Henry Fonda) doesn't put his hand up. Trial and Character revelations, doubts, and possibilities follow.So masterfully crafted is this film, that every time I watch it, only gets better. It includes some of the best character development I've ever seen. Sidney Lumet is an expert in this field and this is by far his greatest contribution to Hollywood history - one of the most important contributions to world cinema. However it was Henry Fonda and Lee J. Cobb who really made this film legendary, with their incredibly realistic performances. Casting was genius. And the dialogue was astoundingly riveting up until the brilliant finale. What really impressed me personally also was the camera angles and movements that made the film so suspenseful. Black and White made the film all the more powerful. And the music was minimal, which gave the film a more atmospheric experience, like you were their in the jury room with them - and you just feel that tension really built up as the movie proceeds.This inexpensive film, with such a simple setting had the world talking, the academy awards nominations rolling and Henry Fonda at his complete best form. I have rarely been so hypnotized by a film - 'Lawrence Of Arabia' and 'It's A Wonderful Life' are other ones that come to mind. This is a definitive viewing for anyone who loves film. It sums up everything I love about film. Everything from a technical point of view to superb acting and a simple yet complex character driven story, it's platinum and is most definitely one of the greatest cinematic achievements of all time - bar none! A statue should be erected in Sydney Lumet's honor......"Is it possible?" - Juror #8/Henry Fonda
8 It Happened One Night is one of those films that is so classic, and on so many `must-see' lists that I actually assumed that I had seen it at one time or another.  It wasn't until I actually looked into the film when I in fact realized I hadn't.The first film to sweep the major categories in an Oscar ceremony, It Happened One Night spins the story of a young spoiled heiress (Colbert) who marries a shallow, yet dashing aviator.  She is then swept off by her father who takes her on a cruise; convinced that time away from each other will cure her infatuation.  Instead, she escapes by jumping out of the boat and swimming to shore where she begins her journey from Miami to New York, where her husband awaits.  The film quickly turns into an `on the road' flick at this point when she meets up with Clark Gable, a down on his luck reporter who offers to help her for the exclusive rights to her story.  Mayhem inevitably ensues as one thing after another goes wrong during their adventure.I'm a little hesitant to completely agree with the general assessment that It Happened One Night is a screwball comedy.  Of course, there were certain moments that were hilarious and overdone (the scene when Gable and Colbert pose as husband and wife to share a cabin for the night is absolutely rich) but the majority of the remaining film is clever romantic comedy with fairly even performances by the principles.  Perhaps there is a sliding scale for screwball comedies, with It Happened One Night being a two and a film that I feel personifies the genre, Bringing up Baby, as a five.Whatever its classification, It Happened One Night is a charming film that backs up its merit as a multiple Oscar winner.  It is one of those films that may not be completely profound or deep, but is important nonetheless if anything, for its place in film history.--Shelly
8 The movie is beautifully shot and very evocative of the period and location.The plot summary tells you up front what happens -- a man kills his wife after coercing his son into helping. Who knows why he couldn't have just done it himself. As expected with a Stephen King story, things go downhill afterwards.My primary objection is the accent used by Thomas Jane in the lead role. Was it supposed to be ... some kind of Midwest Okie? Others have praised his acting so mine is a minority opinion, but I could never get past it.The story is narrated by the father, which isn't a device I particularly enjoy in general, plus it makes his weird accent and slowly deliberate way of speaking even more prominent.
8 There is a character in 'Amores perros' who looks like Karl Marx.  He is a tramp and an assassin, a good bourgeois who one day, Reggie Perrin-like, abandoned his family, and, un-Reggie Perrin-like, joined the Sandanistas in an effort to create a better world, earning 20 years in prison for his troubles.  Walking the streets with a creaky cart and a gaggle of mangy dogs, he was found by the policeman who jailed him, who gave him a dingy place to live, food, and the odd, non-official contract.El Chivo is the soul of the film, the missing link, both in appearance (a man called 'The Goat', who has rejected the civilities of society and lives a beast-like existence with his dogs, amongst the ruins of civilisation), and narrative function.  With intricate structure, 'Amores perros' tells three stories, one of underclass Mexican life, where survival depends on what New Labour calls 'illegal economies' (dog-fighting, bank-robbing etc.), where bright young women are stifled and degraded by thoughtless pregnancies and brutal marriages, where single mothers depend (and usually can't depend) on shiftless sons for subsistence; and this world's mirror opposite, the world of the media, of celebrity, of models and magazine editors, of daytime TV, perfume advertising campaigns and bright apartments.  Family life is central here too, although in this case it is torn apart by more pleasanntly bourgeois ailments like ennui and dissatisfaction.These two stories are mediated by the narrative of El Chivo, the man who left one of these worlds for the other, but who still negotiates the two, through his search for the daughter he left as a toddler, and in his 'job', wiping out businessman.  If Mexico is emerging as part of the super-confident globalism of high-capitalism, than El Chivo is the grizzly sore thumb, the ex-Sandinista, the Marx lookalike, the man who said no, the drop-out, the forgotten, the depleted spirit of the Left,  happily killing and torturing the servants of the new economic regime.There is something Biblical about his hirsute ascetism too, presuming to judge the 'Cain and Abel' half-brothers, one an adulterer, the other with a contract out on his sibling, another example of family gone badly wrong. This, the bleak funeral and grave scenes, and Octavia's functional crossing himself every time he passes an icon on the landing, are the sole residual elements of religion in a society once ostentatiously religious.Except for the director.  Like Paul Thomas Anderson in 'Magnolia', although to a less self-conscious degree, Gonzales Inarritu is the God of his film, intricately creating the structure that links his characters and their different environments.  These are negative connections, however, which work against the idea of coherent meaning in life - contact usually results in destruction (physical, material, spiritual), or diminishing.He is also an Old Testament god, punishing those who would get too confident with their future plans or their seemingly inviolable present success - the gains of capitalism are prey to the violent whims of chance: Gonzalez Inarritu doesn't need frogs to shake a rigid society or mindset.Moral change is linked to physical change - being beaten up, losing a leg, cutting hair.  The punning title, with its reference to the dog-eat/fight-dog nature of modern life, and its general unsatisfactoriness, also gives the film its Biblical feel, the idea of Mexico as an asphalt desert, or a rubbish heap, with all these scrawny mutts scavenging the remains.'Amores perros' shares  the sickly, bleached near-monochrome look of many recent crime films, like 'Chopper' or 'Bleeder'.  But where the heightened mise-en-scene in those works were expressionistic projections of their protagonists' psychosis, here it's part of a controlling world-view, the universal consciousness that creates, connects and destroys.The three stories, though connected narratively and symbolically, are mutually distinct - the first is an exhilirating mix of violent gangster film and frustrated romance; the second is like a short story (the screenwriter is a novelist), a figurative plot where movement is through image, symbol and idea, rather than film narrative; the third is a kind of spiritual journey, with an appropriately Biblical (or Wim Wenders-like) openness.'Amores perros' is not quite as amazing as its admirers claim - it says more about contemporary cinema that a film only has to hold your interest for it to be a masterpiece - but it is consistently enthralling, and, despite all the stylistic tics and brutal violence, bracingly humanist.
8 I don't care what anybody else thinks, but I absolutely love Ang Lee's version of The Hulk. I think the Hulk story plays perfectly to Lee's strengths and the kind of stories he likes to tell. The Hulk is more than just a superhero movie, in fact, I'd like to think that it's NOT a superhero movie, I'll leave that to Louis Leterrier's The Incredible Hulk - which is just dumb, loud entertainment. This is a story of suppressed emotions, freedom and the power to take our destinies into our own hands. As with Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon, Lee explores the things that makes us prisoners of ourselves and what it takes to free us. In Crouching Tiger, the girl secretly practices martial arts, so when she winds up in the possession of a legendary warrior's sword she runs away and lives the life she always wanted to live. Her prison was tradition and arranged marriage, the sword represented her key to freedom. For the Hulk, Bruce Banner's prison is himself, all the repressed memories and trauma from his childhood, he's set free when an accident in his lab exposes him to gamma radiation, hence unleashing the true nature he never knew he had. The Hulk is the key to his freedom. I know it's not everyone's cup of tea, and it does get slow in parts, but if you're looking for a smarter more cerebral "superhero" movie, then Hulk's your bag.
8 I just love when such beautiful peaces are born. This movie will make you thoughtful most of the time. It's about richness of our imagination and solitude - how exquisite they can become and what dangers lies behind them. "I'm here because people fear what they can't understand" - this thought from the picture touches so delicate and current problem. How easy it is for us to push otherness to the edge of the community, how hard it is to just listen in someones inner voice. All scenes are wrapped in heart-touching music and really good camera shots. Acting is on very decent level. Do not expect adventure into some fantasy world... It gets so much better... It's journey into the unconditional love and the courage to fight for vanishing values.Definitely worth watching.
8 This movie was almost better then divergent. I guess 1 guy wrote a bad review and everyone else just followed the train.I never written a review until now, because it has to be done.Everything with this movie was great, i was entertained throughout the full movie. And at the end (without spoiling anything), The movie got me extra excited for the follow up allegiant.The acting was great, and the animations were wonderful. This movie was not a waste at all. You should really see this movie if you liked divergent. So stop hating and appreciate the good movies out there.8/10 because there are better movies out there, right. But this movie is not bad at all. Definitely watch it if you want to know what happens after divergent.I would recommend this to my friends and family.
8 When I was a little girl, I often played at being a princess: I would be very beautiful, have lots of suitors and live in a gorgeous castle. I would also be very clever (I would often invent the elevator) and a good ruler for my subjects. I would then fall in love with a chivalrous young man who had faced a great danger for me, like dragons, evil sorcerers or highwaymen.I am a grown woman now, but somewhere inside me this little girl is still there. And she loved "Jupiter Ascending".This isn't a movie to watch for its philosophical message (even if there is one) or for its social commentary (even if you could find one). This is a movie to watch and be immersed in a whole new world, be amazed by its beautiful landscapes, architecture, costumes, and by its cool gadgets (seriously, who wouldn't want flying boots like Caine's?) and spaceships. This is a film to watch and indulge in your craziest childhood fantasies, like flying, going to another planet, being queen of the universe, you name it, and to be entertained. If this world created by the Wachowskis is so immersive, it's not only because it's well thought and beautifully designed, but also thanks to the cast. In this review, I would like to single out two performances. Mila Kunis plays the lead, Jupiter Jones, an underprivileged girl who dreams of a better life. Kunis, with her good looks, could have seemed fake in this role, but no, she is credible and very relatable (and this is important, since she also is the audience surrogate). One common criticism of the film is that she's too passive. It isn't completely fair. Jupiter isn't an action hero, but an everywoman catapulted in a foreign world, forced to play a game without knowing all the rules. But she learns quickly and grows as a woman throughout the movie. The most unfairly criticized performance from this movie is Eddie Redmayne's, playing the villainous Balem Abrasax. It's true that his performance is over-the-top, but this is because he plays an over- the-top character. Balem is a thousands-years-old power-mad psychopath who combines an unhinged mind with a complete lack of morals, and Redmayne portrays him very well. The rest of the cast is great, too. Every character seems real, even the ones we don't know much about. "Jupiter Ascending" also has good moments of humor and knows when not to take itself too seriously. This is all "make-believe" after all. The only regret I have towards this movie is that it's standalone. I would have loved to explore more of this universe and its characters in a sequel.
8 CATCH ME IF YOU CAN (2002) **** Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hanks, Christopher Walken, Martin Sheen, Nathalie Baye, Amy Adams, James Brolin, Frank John Hughes, Brian Howe, John Finn, Jennifer Garner.  DiCaprio gives a grandly charming performance as Frank Abagnale, Jr. a teenager who adopted the professional guises of airplane pilot, physician and lawyer to front his check kiting schematic modus operandi during the 1960s and eventually making the FBI's most wanted list by bilking millions until his capture and imprisonment.  Based on Abagnale's best-selling memoir and adapted with lean storytelling by Jeff Nathanson, the film never lets up in the giddy cat-and-mouse/Road Runner/Wile E. Coyote relationship between fugitive DiCaprio and amalgamated FBI square Hanks (replete with thick as clam chowder Boston accent, dorky specs and porkpie hat) one step behind his two-steps ahead prey and a unique dynamic of a father/son esthetic.  Walken gives an Oscar worthy supporting turn as the elder Abagnale whose financial woes and tanglement with the IRS acts as his son's catalyst.  Once again filmmaker Steven Spielberg makes popular entertainment into a work of art.
8 If ordinary films are like novels, this one is like an exquisite collection of short stories. The film is divided into six segments, each with its own plot and character development. Director Damian Szifron is like a modern-day Guy de Maupassant, telling each story with meticulous accuracy, carefully measuring out each twist, detail and conversation. The segments are hilarious and over the top, but at the same time satirical and somehow realistic - the extreme events could happen to any of us. That's why this is such a great film: its shows the darkest side of human nature and of Argentinian society, but in such a way that it makes you smile. The director claims the theme connecting the stories is 'the joy of losing control'. It's also the tag-line of the movie: 'We can all lose control'. Indeed, most of the segments are about losing control, although one is about keeping everything under control in a situation that can easily spin out of control. In any case, all segments are about individuals solving a conflict in an extreme way. In most segments, the solution is extremely violent or deadly. Although the trailer splashes out the name 'Almodovar' because Pedro and his brother produced the film, the style is by no means Almodovar-like. Szafron uses a sophisticated style, very different from the extreme cinematography we know from Almodovar. 'Relatos Salvajes' also surprises with original cinematographic gimmicks. In one scene, the camera is positioned in an overhead bin of an airplane. In another, in the interior of an ATM, with the image filmed through the touch screen. The film is carefully constructed, with lots of little details. In one segment, about a man fighting the parking ticket bureaucracy in his city, we see the conspicuous towing trucks constantly moving through the image, as a sort of evil force. Once again, an Argentinian film maker pleasantly surprises moviegoers around the world. Maybe such wonderful, sharp-edged movies can only flourish in a country like Argentina, where life is a bit of a struggle and not everything is taken for granted
8 This film noir classic may be the best murder mystery of all time in this storied Hollywood genre. Fred MacMurray and Edward G. Robinson are excellent but it is Barbara Stanwyck who really makes the picture come together as a woman without a moral compass. Stanwyck set the standard for tough, calculating, shady women who exploit men without shame or remorse and her masterful manipulation of MacMurray is the movie's central theme. The film's imagery is filled with shadows and low lighting, accompanied by a tense, brooding music score. Stanwyck spins her web of ensnarement like a black widow with her victim seemingly unaware of the danger that enfolds him. MacMurray provides the narrative of the film which is told in flashback and delivers a cryptic account of the events in a confession to a boss who trusted him completely. Robinson is on target as the skeptical and suspicious boss who has a sixth sense about phony insurance claims. A nice supporting cast contributes to this thriller, namely Richard Gaines and Porter Hall.
8 True to the structure, Iñárritu attacks the subject of love with a multi-pronged approach, addressing three different stages, or complications, common in `love.'  All three storylines represent the `struggling' aspect of love.  It would be fair to say that Amores Perros, roughly translated to be `Love's a Bitch,' makes the ultimate statement, `Love is a struggle.' More specifically, however, Octavio's narrative can be most suitably seen as the `hunt for love' and acquisition or fight for it.  To be with his love, Susana, he must overcome both the fact that his brother is married to her and the fact that his dreams of leaving the city are hamstrung by his less than admirable socio-economic state.  Daniel and Valeria, who are about fifteen to twenty years Octavio and Susana's elders, represent love's most frustrating peak - when one is already in it and wants or needs to get out, for better of for worse.  Daniel is trying to get out of a marriage in which he has kids to be with the supermodel, Valeria, a woman whose meaning to him is ultimately superficial.  El Chivo, whose story is a perfect compliment to Daniel's, represents distance and alienation from love, inwardly looking at it from the outside.  He has abandoned his family twenty years prior to become a guerilla terrorist and now operates as a vagabond hit man.  It would be difficult to look at these three different `stages' of love in a classically structured film.  The episodic structure eases us between each stage, at no point forcing us to tolerate the unrealistic concept of one couple going through all of these stages.  Breaking it up into three different narratives, each revolving around different characters, presents the audience with the ability to view each story as independent the others, a more pervasive perspective.However, this film is not a simple three-part love story.  In Amores Perros, violence is akin to love.  Each character displays this brutally: El Chivo leaves his love to be a terrorist; Octavio engages his dog in violence and even attempts murder to provide money for his love; Daniel and Valeria's relationship is verbally and nearly physically volatile to the point where they hate each other.  Each character's love for another character is manifested in their violent acts.  This is an interesting theme considering the paradoxical relationship between love and violence, one of which is the induction of harm, the other which is the polar opposite.  This juxtaposition of love and violence, if for no other reason, is meant to show the impulsive nature of love.  We take it for granted as a compassionate, helping characteristic of life but Iñárritu reveals his characters through this juxtaposition, allowing the audience to consider the consequences of love that are otherwise unforeseen.Iñárritu does a lot of things right in this film.  Mainly, he keeps us in constant suspense through the causality of the plot, forcing us to anticipate the results of the characters' actions.  This causality can be as brazen as Octavio's decision to stab Jarocho, inevitably leading one into apprehension over what will happen to Octavio.  Less obviously, however, is the way he creates suspense around Daniel and Valeria.  Their whole relationship is characterized by conflict.  While this makes for good dialogue, it insists upon a boiling point - one that is anticipated throughout the entire length of their chapter.  Likewise, there is delicate suspense over what Valeria's disfigurement will mean for their relationship. Not only is Daniel forced to confront whether or not Valeria's beauty is the only thing keeping them together, but Valeria must adjust to living without her beauty.  Suspense revolves around El Chivo from the moment he first comes onto screen.  We see him.  He murders someone.  We're back to the story of Octavio.  The entire first two hours of the movie beg of an answer as to who this man is and what he has to do with the subject of the film.  We later find out, not only does he have everything to do with it; he makes the film, seeking redemption on behalf of every other love-torn character.  The type of monologue Emilio Echevarria's character, El Chivo, delivers at the end of the film would have a completely different meaning in a film without an episodic structure, in which case he would only be seeking redemption for himself.  However, the way Iñárritu cross cuts between El Chivo and the other characters, in all their woe - the consequences of their actions, applies greater meaning to El Chivo's words and actions in the final scene.Perhaps where we get some of the most important information about the characters, and Amores Perros as a whole, is through what is representative. Iñárritu makes steady use of symbols and motifs throughout the film, some of which work well, lending themselves nicely to the dramatic structure of the film, others failing to enhance the story.  For example, the massive Enchant billboard looming above Valeria's apartment like the eyes of Dr. T.J. Eckleburg is one of the more lackluster motifs in the film.  First, we are unavoidably asking, `Why they would want to live under that thing in the first place?  Second, the removal of the billboard coinciding with the fall of Valeria's career, Daniel's self-assurance, their relationship, whatever you want to intuit, is much to explicit for this film.  The more understated motifs such as the recurring telephone ring, `Bueno?.Bueno?' someone always answers, come off better.  This repetition is telling of the deception and unfaithfulness rampant in this world.  It works.  Another representative device that supplements the story is how the dogs act as metaphors for their respective owners.  El Chivo's dogs are the very embodiment of him.  They are all strays much the same way he is a vagrant.  Cofi, Octavio's rottweiler is equivalent to Octavio in his impulsive and aggressive behavior.  This is displayed in Cofi most notably during the fight scenes, but we see it particularly in Octavio when he head-butts his brother, Ramiro, and when he stabs Jarocho in the stomach and thereby provoking the car chase.  Valeria's dog, Richie, is lost under the floorboards, confined for most of this narrative.  Valeria is physically much the same way, confined to her wheelchair.  More implicitly, she is confined to a life that has been propped up around her by people who idolize, envy, or lust after her.  Valeria's death is also parallel to her dog's death in that they both die from their respective internment, Valeria being trapped in a room and too immobile to save herself, Richie trapped in the floor and too exhausted to fend off armies hungry rats.  The motifs and metaphors within each narrative help structure them as self-contained bodies.The episodic structure of Amores Perros could have been damaging to the film had it not been for the inspired way the stories overlap only so much as to not exasperate the audience.  In the three stories, rarely does a character from one interact with a character from another, outside the unifying car crash scene.  There are truly only two occurrences: when El Chivo, sword in hand, scares off a frustrated Jarocho who plans to sic his dog on one of El Chivo's, and when Valeria appears on a Mexican morning show broadcast into Octavio's home the morning of the accident.  This interaction was all that was needed for Amores Perros to be successful as an episodic film.  Its structure lends itself well to subject matter and storyline.  Iñárritu tells it to us this way; the literary devices at use bring it to life and its structure gives it legs to move.  Throughout it, so well crafted, one can mentally fuse all three stories together and see one single character going through the process of fighting for love, realizing what a trivial pursuit it is, abandoning it, and then spending the rest of his life trying to touch it from behind the bars self-guilt.
8 I've watched 10 series of the show and think it is captivating and worth seeing. Apart from main line about ransom we learn bit by bit about main characters and boy, do they have juicy secrets. Most episodes have really well-developed plot, all characters are charismatic and interesting. I am waiting for new episodes. Really like it!
8 Due to an unwed mother abandoning her child in an automobile and said automobile being subsequently hijacked, The Little Tramp winds up with the baby and proceeds to raise it in its first five years.In reading Charlie Chaplin's memoirs I learned two things about the making of The Kid. First he had to get child star Jackie Coogan away from Roscoe 'Fatty' Arbuckle under whom the lad was contracted. Chaplin saw him and was determined to make a film with him. The second thing was Chaplin's determination to make a film that combined both pathos and comedy which many said could not be done.The success of The Kid is due to the chemistry established between Chaplin and Coogan. As Chaplin said in his memoirs young children in their uninhibited way are natural actors. Part of the chemistry though is to make sure they don't totally steal the film from you.The Tramp gets his innings in with The Kid. He's the same rapscallion Tramp we all know, but The Kid showed another side of The Tramp, one of deep feeling and protectiveness. Two people who need and love each other very much. This film couldn't miss.First National Pictures sure thought so as it became part of a three way tug of war between Chaplin, the studio, and his estranged wife Mildred Harris. The Robert Downey, Jr. biographical film Chaplin illustrates that whole bit of business where Charlie smuggled out the negative of The Kid and took it on the lam across state lines. He edited it and was able to get it back to First National as a finished product on his own terms. That whole business probably would make a good movie unto itself.Till that one is made see and enjoy the Tramp and the future Uncle Fester in The Kid.
8 ‎'Gangs of Wasseypur' is a visceral epic! Not the kind of regular rubbish that is churned out every now and then. Mr.Anurag Kashyap has brought us something that can be categorized with the likes of 'The Godfather'.Manoj Bajpayee is rocking and superbly supported by a fabulous Richa Chadda, Reema Sen and Piyush Mishra. And final cherry on the acting caked is Nawazzuddin as a vulnerable young lad who is basically a romantic at heart but is getting transformed into a ruthless gangster much like Michael Corleone in the Godfather series. Manoj Bajpayee's character is quite akin to much more ruthless version of Don Vito Corleone played by Marlon Brando in 'The Godfather'.By repeatingly mentioning 'The Godfather' I am not trying to take away anything from GOW. GOW is a superb film which needs to be watched by anyone and everyone who has the slightest of respect and love for films and filmmaking.Sneha Khawalker's rockingtingly superb music brings a whole new level of excitement in the film and Rajeev Ravi's cinematography is very very efficient, sprinkled with quite a few shots of sheer brilliance.All this make a nice, superbly tasty biryani and the credit can only go the masterchef Mr.Anurag Kashyap.8/10, and I'd defo recommend all my friends to go and watch this film in CINEMAS!
8 Ah, Caligula.Somehow, in my early teens I managed to rent this all on my own from a small video rental kiosk attached to our regular after-school amusement arcade.Whoever it was behind the counter (a woman in her twenties, I recall) had either never seen it or was nonplussed as to ratings.As I remember this was just before the video nasty laws were introduced and heavy censorship blighted our lives.It was the full-on no-holds barred version I watched jaw-agape in my teenage bedroom.And, you might ask, how does one grow up from that rather turbulent early experience to NOT become a serial killer? Purely because, even back then, I recognised this as something rather special.More of a pantomime staged in hell than a movie, the reason this provokes such polarised opinion is its complete and utter truthfulness.Subsequent viewings over the decades have slowly revealed Caligula the movie's shameless audacity to be in line with all accounts of the time history can throw at us.Each perversion, each shocking ultraviolent episode is delivered with much relish and much gratuitously beautiful cinematic execution, BUT, and this is the crux of the film's 'charm', BUT NEVER with judgement.It is left to you, the audience, to provide your own moral compass and that is a device (or lack of) seldom permitted to be employed at all nowadays.'Tell us what we're meant to think/feel/do!' your tenderised modern-western conscience screams. Porn! Violence! Outrageous melodrama from some of cinema's finest thespians! Sweeping epic sets, beauty and horror in abundance and very often side by side.And Caligula the movie does offer no answer, merely a repetition of Malcolm McDowell's smarmy, sneery, deadly smile.It'll stab you in the heart; it'll stab you in the back; it'll love you and rape you; it is still quite unlike anything I've ever seen. A truly 'adult' epic.I watched it again tonight and I'm smiling too. At McDowells creepy, campy, over-the-top portrayal of Rome's darkest heart; remember, like Ledger's Joker interpretation, all the world really knew of Roman nobility was the imperial grace of the 50s and 60s blockbusting epics. To show an emperor in such light was brave, sordid, and shocking. Where was the romance, where Anthony and Cleopatra? (scr*wing under a pile of bodies in at least one scene I'd hazard a guess...) I still love this film (and the uber-sexy goddess Helen Mirren), in all it's 'glory'. Hardened to the sensationalism which enrapt me as a teen, I've no doubt that even 30 years later when everyone's seen it all and sees it all on the net 24 hours a day, no major Hollywood production could ever hope to get away with what they did back then.So it is difficult if not impossible to apply any regular film critique to something which will always be more than a film.I long for the day when someone breaks silence and we get the full diaries of events surrounding the production of this monster, because it sure as hell radiates off the screen that everyone was having the time of their lives. After all, don't you always disown your own most indulgent and raucous excesses? Thank you Brass, Gucionne, McDowall, Mirren, Vidal, O'Toole, etc, etc, etc right thru to the 'fluffers' ;)), for a most epically enduring epic and its all-pervading honesty and mayhem.They sure don't make 'em like this any more, and I don't think they ever did; at least not outside ancient Rome anyway.
8 It is always in people's nature to put down great things and to nit-pick or sometimes just be plain mean. No matter what anyone says, this is utterly fantastic: in story, in special effects, in casting (with perhaps the sad exception of Leslie Howard as "Ashley") and in captivation. Vivien Leigh is so powerful, passionate, magnificent and beautiful that you could watch it 1000 times on that ground alone. She brings something so convincing and human to the role of the selfish, spoilt Scarlett; the character is larger than life.Leaving Vivien's astounding performance aside, this remains a sweeping unrivalled epic. Watch it. Esther's rating: 20/10
8 The movie starts on the days of military government, which started Sep.12th, 1980, and lasted 3 years (Effects of this action against democracy lasted more than 15 years). A young socialist newspaper writer (Fikret Kuskan) loses his wife on birth of his only son on the very first day of the military action, because he can not find any help for delivery of the child. After 6 years past, the father was desperate to find any jobs on the papers, which are now supporters of the new order, and decides to return his father (Çetin Tekindor)'s home in a small village near Izmir: A house that he has left years ago fighting his father's wills to make him a person that his father would like him to be.I can not even summarize the rest of the movie, since one should see the movie himself/herself to understand the encounters of two strangers, father and son. One should notice the mother (Humeyra)'s role on the relationship (or non-relationship) of these two different men, and the grandson (Ege Tanman).If you have a Mediterrenean blood, Greek, Italian, whatever, you will find many things in this movie. You don't have to be Turk to understand the emotional rivers in this movie. It really touches hearts of the Turkish people.
8 In all honesty, I have no idea why I went to see this movie. It clearly falls in one of the most clichéd of all film genres and stars only one person I have ever heard of. But I went to see it anyway and I was glad I did.I think I liked it mostly because of the leads. I liked the guy because he never tried to impress the girl, he was just himself, even when it was painful and difficult to do so, and I liked the girl because once you got past her looks, you found an interesting person underneath.The other big reason I liked it was because it managed to take one of the oldest romantic clichés ever--racing to the airport to declare your love before that Perfect Someone leaves--and put a nice twist on it. Kudos to the writers on that one, that alone was worth several points on this scale.This is actually one of the better movies I've seen this year, I highly recommend it.
8 This movie does not disappoint, it was the funniest movie I have seen in a long time. It will make you almost pee yourself all while trying not to die from laughter. 10/10 would recommend
8 My summary is not really a compliment at all. Brian Bosworth was not a horrible actor, but was a horrible professional football player. I am surprised that he was not able to get many roles after this one, unless he declined to play villains and secondary characters. He is not star material, he reminds me of Dolph Lundgren, but whereas Dolph seems to recognize that the only roles he is going to get in more big time fare is by not being the lead, my guess is the Boz felt he should be the big cheese in any film he participated in. Still, all the negative stuff aside this movie was not exactly bad. It was enjoyable in places and did provide entertainment as it was very violent and had nudity and all that stuff that were the stuff back in the 80's and early 90's. Brian plays a guy who goes undercover or something to stop these biker dudes who are linked to crimes or something to that effect. The plot is not really important in a film such as this, you watch these films for the action and shoot outs and the boobs and this movie offers plenty. Still, it may have been better had they put someone bigger in the starring role and perhaps even got someone better for the villain role too. Lance Henrickson is a good actor, just did not have the look of a biker leader that he played here.
8 What makes The Seventh Seal - an apocryphal and uncompromising fable of medieval Sweden - one of the masterpieces of Cinema ? Ingmar Bergman creates a believable world of dark happenings, wherein Death can play chess with a Knight, witches burn at the stake, with flagellants, and plague ever present. Through superb black and white images, each carefully composed for maximum effect, sets and costumes, his fine actors seem to truly inhabit this frightening world. Max von Sydow, Gunnar Bjornstrand, and Bengt Ekerot lead a marvelous cast. But its not all doom and gloom, as the Knight tries to determine in his quest, the meaning of life, and if God exists at all. There are moments of sheer happiness and peace, such as the sequence of the milk and strawberries at dusk, and a number of bawdy comic moments throughout the film. Which balances the darker side. It is unforgettable and I still remember seeing it on its first release, being stunned by the quality of the photography, and the performances. A restored version on DVD is recommended. Bergman is one of the great film makers of our time. Seldom today do we see such precise and considered images on the screen. Not to be missed.
8 Reading these comments you'd think that this was the perfect film. An incredible plan of the perfect murder. The problem is that none of the characters are likable, the plot contains more holes than Swiss Cheese and police that act far out of character so as not to be believable whatsoever.This movie has aged badly. The contrivances of old films are all present here. I was wondering whether this was a play of some sort and lo and behold it was. Like Hitchcock's other loser film, Rope, this one has annoying characters doing things that people just don't do. The film takes place primarily in one room, the apartment.Rear Window is a far superior film to this one. Like most films, the fawning fans gladly overlook the horrendous flaws so that they can proudly proclaim "Ooooh, it's a Hitchcock!" This is just a conceit where Hitchcock thinks he can lazily work his genius and all the fools in the audience won't notice. You will. You'll be asking yourself one question from the start, being... "why the heck not make a third copy of the key?" That's just for starters. The last third of the film you'll be groaning... don't say I didn't warn you.
8 Enjoyable movie, though not fits right in horror genre, but it doesn't even trying that, nor comedy since is more, witty, funny and smart than hilarious and in the end is more clever and emotional than usual. Unfortunately all that didn't leave much space for scares, tension, anticipation which are basis for the genre in which after all this movie belongs. Trying to much to redefine the genre and approach at all, the director and screenwriter has for the most of it succeeded, but still the before mentioned flaws are leaving a hole on the final product, a small one but it is there.Also, I can't resist saying that the short erotic scene between the two beautiful, young, talented actresses was amazing and well integrated in the story. Too bad the makers weren't braver, to concentrate more on their connection.
8 I didn't watch this with the expectation of being blown away by the story line. I wasn't expecting to be moved emotionally or even invested in the characters at all. That's probably why I rated it so high compared to others. My only expectation was to be entertained and the movie delivered. The effects were alright, the acting OK, the story kind of thrown together, but it worked for what I wanted. I liked that Tom Cruise varied from his only character and played a hero who... lets just say his elevator seemed to stop one or two floors shy of the penthouse suite. I loved Jake Johnson, but I love him pretty much all the time, the mummy wasn't scary or creepy, but her zombie mummies made up for that and the "heroine" was a loss, the story was more than a little silly (come on, Jekyll and Hyde?) but I finished it, so I was entertained.I didn't go into this expecting it to be as awesome as the Brendan Frazier films from the 90's, I was younger and had lower expectations in a lot more than just movies, so maybe that's why my panties aren't in a twist about a remake. Also, let's be honest, the story line for the third installment wasn't exactly art either. Hopefully we've all learned from this and realize that a man who only has enough depth to play one character the last 20 or so years is not the best person to give carte blanche.
8 that this movie got such a low rating, but I realize expectations are different and the movie plot clicked for some while others were turned off.I remember liking this movie a lot (and I still do). I liked the cartoon series too but somehow I felt the movie was better.I could see that they tried to re-create as much of the original cartoon in the movie. When I saw John Goodman appear, I said to myself: "Omigosh, that is Fred!" Also, the rest just seem to fit into their parts.What I also liked was seeing the cartoon take "solid" form. Sure, the movements were clunkier but I was expecting this. I liked the car with the passengers using their feet. Though it didn't have the zip of the cartoon car, the semblance and feel were there. I got a kick out of the different creature machines though again different from the cartoon but "fleshed" out in the movie.Lots of novels turned into movies disappoint some fans and make the rest happy. I'm one of those who liked this movie version of the Flintstones, not that I haven't been disappointed before. For example, I remember reading "Jaws" and it really gave me the chills but the movie with the big, heavy, floppy and clumsy white shark was nowhere near the novel ... but I enjoyed the movie anyway.So, don't judge the Flintstones by the rating. Give it a try, especially if you're nostalgic about the original cartoon series.I give it a ten.
8 Tyler did an excellent job with this film. Especially for it to had been shot in 8 days. Taraji was AMAZING!!!! I only have a few nitpicks...the story of their younger self was too long for me, the ocean set at TP Studios needs work, the green screen work looks cheap by today's standards, and Tarajis narrating was too structured at some points. Overall I really enjoyed the movie. I want to see it again!! We stood outside talking about it with other moviegoers lol. Definitely worth a watch!!
8 I have heard quite a bit for "Unforgiven", also I want to seen all the best pictures from the 90's. I was also excited to see Morgan Freeman in the cast, so I know now that "Million Dollar Baby" was not Clint and Morgan's first experience together. They work so well as a team and bring nothing but sheer entertainment and charm to movies."Unforgiven" is a very good picture that has a real story and isn't just about "cops and robbers" or "cowboys and Indians". How far would you go for a friend? I loved Will and Ned's friendship so much because you could tell how much they had been through together and Will went back to his old ways in the blink of an eye for his dear friend. I loved watching Will's story through the movie, the first time you see him, he's just so charming and you would never had suspected of his former life of crime, alcohol, and bloodshed. Through the film, you have a lot of doubt for his character if he could go back to his old life despite his promises to his deceased wife. He, the Kid, and Ned go on a trip to kill two cowboys who cut up a prostitute's face for $1,000.00. Together, they learn that this isn't going to be such an easy task when the boys they're hunting down belong to a town where guns and all arms are banned that could lead to a punishment as far as death. But Will gets sick and the Kid and Ned give a lot of talk in killing these cowboys themselves, when Will is just half himself he does the deed himself in killing one of the cowboys. He tells Ned to go back home and he'll take care of the other cowboy, he does so but gets caught and beat to death by the sheriff.The Kid and Clint do the rest of the job by killing the other cowboy and receive their reward by the prostitutes, but Will learns of Ned and goes back into his old habits. What happens next? You'll have to watch yourself. Something that I learned that was interesting, Clint dedicated Unforgiven to Don Siegal and Sergio Leone, two directors who believed in him as a young actor. Unforgive is a remarkable film: methodical, deeply felt, with a devastating emotional and moral impact. It is easily one of the best Western movies. Like I said, it just has such a classic feel to it and you can't help but enjoy it. It seems like Clint might just own Hollywood one day. :) 8/10
8 Pixar Animation Studios has a very good knack for making thoughtful, intelligent and humorous family films (note that I didn't say kid films). "Toy Story" 1 & 2 and "Monsters, Inc." are some of my favorite family films; "Finding Nemo" isn't one of my favorites, but it isn't disappointing like "A Bug's Life," and it is thoughtful, intelligent, humorous and incredibly watchable, just like the other Pixar films.As always, Pixar takes a world of something and completely builds their story around it. In "Toy Story" they gave life to toys and created the world through their eyes. In "Monsters, Inc.," they showed us the monster world. In my review on "A Bug's Life," I said that the reason the film didn't work very much is because it was about bugs, and not about something mystical like toys or monsters that bring back childhood memories. Well, I guess I was sorta wrong, because "Finding Nemo" is all about fish, nothing too mystical about fish, and I still loved it.This tale takes place underwater with the fish Marlin (voiced by Albert Brooks), whose spouse and baby fish eggs get eaten by a vicious shark in the beginning. All but one egg which Marlin names Nemo.Years later Nemo (voiced by Alexander Gould, Elliot's son?) is a bit older, and heading off to fish school for the first time. But haunted by the fact that his spouse and offspring were all killed years ago, Marlin is extremely over-protective of his one remaining family member. Nemo, sick of being treated like a baby, proves how brave he is by swimming near a fishing boat, only to be captured by a scuba-diving dentist. And so Marlin heads off to find Nemo, with the help of his newfound companion Dory (voice of Ellen DeGeneres), who has short-term memory loss and forgets things sooner than she can carry whatever she is doing out. (Like when she is showing Marlin the way towards a fishing boat and suddenly forgets why Marlin is following her.)Pixar doesn't let down the audience on this film. There are a few things that one can always expect from Pixar films: They can expect something (such as toys) to be given their own world. They can expect that world to be given careful attention to detail. And they can expect humor."Finding Nemo" gives fish their own world, and the underwater realm they live in is paid careful attention, painstakingly captured on film with computer graphics. And the humor is always there. All the characters are funny. I especially like the sequences from the inside of a fish tank in the dentist's office, with a bunch of fish including Gill (Willem Dafoe's vocal talents), who constantly tries to escape. By doing so, Gill has suffered major injuries, including landing on the dentist's tools and getting sliced up. This is, of course, a parody of escaping POWs. The fact that Willem Dafoe was in the great war movie "Platoon" might have something to do with that.This is taken from my "Monsters, Inc." review: "Pixar once again not only expands our mind, but our very worlds. I respect their company and commitment values very much, as you can read in my 'Toy Story' review. They stick to the values that made Disney films so family-friendly back in the fifties and sixties: Respect for the audience, respect for quality, and respect for the audience's INTELLIGENCE, something Disney, who has recently coughed up a bunch of lousy, thoughtless sequels, has forgotten. Now, I know that LEGALLY Disney is co-creator of 'Toy Story' and 'Monsters, Inc.,' but they really are not. They just give Pixar the money and get their name branded on the front box of the film. And even then, I have heard multiple claims that Disney is very mean-spirited towards Pixar (read into sequel trouble for 'Toy Story 3') and gives them the bare minimum.With "Finding Nemo," I still stick towards what I said. Pixar Animation Studios is probably the best family film company out there right now, I really hope they separate from Disney some day and form their own production company. They know what interests both kids and adults, and it's almost creepy how they can make their films so engaging and fun to watch. This is one to take the kids to, and afterwards, maybe even sneak back into again by yourself.
8 21 March 2014 Film of Choice at The Plaza Tonight - The Grand Budapest Hotel. I really had no idea what this film was about, having seen only one trailer which in the event, bore no relation to the plot whatsoever. However, my interest was piqued so this evening found me watching a splendid little film packed to the rafters with stars. This was the tale of Gustave H, the legendary and infamous Concierge of The Grand Budapest Hotel, a rather glamorous edifice perched atop a mountain and his protégé and most trusted friend Zero, The Lobby Boy. This is a tale of friendship, murder, revenge and deep dark plotting. There were some completely ridiculous moments which were quite refreshing and several, what I like to call Guffaw moments where several members of the audience emit a loud blast of laughter followed by slightly hysterical giggling that you find yourself joining in with. As I said a host of stars in this film ranging from Ralph Fiennes, Jeff Goldblum, Jude Law and Bill Murray to Tilda Swinton, Owen Wilson and Harvey Keitel to name a few, but one of the outstanding performances must go to Tony Revolori, a relatively unknown young actor who plays Zero, who is In almost every scene. An entertaining film, worth watching.
8 As many fans know, Jim Carrey is the man when it comes to slapstick comedy. His comical physicality is outrageous and his ability to emulate anything from cartoons to other actors is top notch. But anytime before 1998 I think I can safely say that not many people saw Carrey try and jump out of his shell and try a role that wasn't truly in the comedy genre. I definitely didn't see it coming. And to be honest, I wasn't sure if I would really enjoy it. But in the end, I did, not only because of how well Carrey portrayed his character but with an excellent story to back if up.The plot is about Truman Burbank (Jim Carrey) who is viewed live 24 hours a day, uncensored, as a soap opera to the real world through public broadcasting. The thing is, Truman Burbank is the only one who doesn't know this. Everything else around is all a set-up. And when I mean everything,...everything...is a set-up. Even the sun is fake! Nothing is real. All the people Burbank knows are all actors. People who go through the same routine every day.And that's partially what makes this film so great. Every piece of the "set" that Truman Burbank lives in is so believable. Along with this is Christof, acted by Ed Harris. Christof is the creator of Truman's world and he essentially plays God. Everything that Truman Burbank is as a person, was created under the supervision of Christof. The whole story itself, written by Andrew Niccol, brings up the controversial issue of nature vs nurture. Who should have control over whose life. Well I think that answer is obvious.Jim Carrey himself actually does have some comedic moments but it's not because he wants the movie to be a comedy. Carrey does what he does because it is the connection to how a human would react to such a situation that makes it funny. And along with those funny moments comes a real emotional performance. Sure Carrey can deliver laughs but also proves that he can portray human drama. That's a question a lot of people wanted to see if Carrey could pull off and he did it well.Adding to the emotion is composer Philip Glass' score. Yes, it did evoke the right emotions and I don't think it needed a theme either for this particular story. Usually I do, but it didn't seem necessary here. Unfortunately for me, I prefer to see Jim Carrey in his comedic skin. I didn't mind the different role that he took on here but it didn't feel like I was watching the movie I wanted to see. And I'll admit, I put too much thought into believing Jim Carrey would've made the film more comedy than drama, so basically I disappointed myself. So on that note, it could be disappointing to fans of Carrey for his comedic films as well.As the first drama film that comic gut buster Jim Carrey stars in, it is not that bad as some would expect it to be. Carrey can deliver a performance like real human but for the hardcore fans, it may upset.
8 The House is a great movie with a well developed plot and a top notch comedic cast. It is a simple frat pack comedy, it does not do anything groundbreaking, only exactly what we would expect, it did not try to raise the standard, and that is fine by me. These type of comedies work, and are widely appealing to today's general age group of moviegoers, we get to watch actors have fun, and as a result of that, so do we. One thing I would say about it that was underwhelming was when it tried to be meaningful, I have no problem with a movie that may initially seem like a straight up comedy actually having some heart, but it felt very forced and shoe horned in here. Trying to convey the two main characters ambitions to get their daughter in to college simply does not work when a scene five minutes before that showed them getting drunk and struggling to quietly enter their home. The cast is absolutely hilarious, I have no gripes with each casting, and the chemistry between everyone was phenomenal. Will Ferrell shines as always, clearly going off script on many occasions, his chemistry with Amy Poehler was great, as was she, they seemed very at ease with each other. It was great to finally see Jason Mantzoukas in a main role, he has shined in several other comedies in minor parts, as well as many stellar appearances in Brooklyn Nine Nine, I was delighted to finally see him play a major character, and hope to see more from this special comic in the future. Nick Kroll is also great, playing a very unlikeable character, he continues to surprise me in every role he plays, showcasing furthermore that he is a very versatile comedic actor. Great fun from beginning to end. Hilarious and with a stellar group of comedians, The House is definitely worth the watch for anybody looking for a good comedy. Two parents start an illegal casino in their friend's house in order to make enough money to get their daughter to college. Best Performance: Will Ferrell
8 "Chinatown" is so good, it's scary. Jack Nicholson is Jake Gittes, the iconic private eye hired to spy on the husband of a woman who suspects he is having an affair. What Jake soon uncovers is a vast conspiracy involving local tycoons and water - heading towards a great conclusion with a classic surprise ending."Chinatown" might not be the best film noir ever made but it is certainly one of the best. Like "Indiana Jones" it is a loving homage to its source - in this case movies of the 1930s, 40s and 50s such as "The Maltese Falcon" (most obviously!) and lesser-known film noirs such as "D.O.A." (which no one else I've seen so far has mentioned in comparison to this, but it does have its similarities).Nicholson is absolutely superb in his role, playing Jake with all the touch panache of an instant classic anti-hero. This was certainly a movie of the 1970s, with its anti-hero being the guy we come to root for.Robert Towne is a genius and I may seem to be giving "Chinatown" loads of fanboy praise but I can honestly say that I'm not obsessed with it in any way, in fact I've only seen it a few times. But it's just a really, really great movie that's perfect in just about every way - direction, acting, screen writing, cinematography, editing, sound...the list is endless. Polanski deserves as much praise as Towne I suppose, because his direction is flawless and very noir-ish. (If that's a suitable description.)Overall, this is a classic - for good reason. After seeing this and "L.A. Confidential" within a few days I can say with confidence that "Chinatown" is much better, and will probably be more fondly remembered years from now.
8 Three stories are connected by a horrific car accident in Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu's feature film debut. All three stories also revolve, at least to some extent, around dogs (the title translates to Love's a Bitch, with "Bitch" having a double meaning). The three stories vary in interest, in my opinion, and I struggled by the end to connect them or really to care about any of them on a deep level. Still, it's a pretty entertaining flick and very strongly directed. In the first story, Gael Garcia Bernal stars as a young man who's in love with his older brother's wife. He decides to enter his rottweiler into a series of dog fights, but he runs up against an opponent who isn't keen on losing. In the second story, a model (Goya Toledo) moves in with her boyfriend, but their happiness is immediately destroyed by the aforementioned accident. During her recovery, her beloved terrier disappears into a hole in their apartment's hardwood floor and never comes back. In the third story, a hit-man (Emilio Echevarria) who poses as a bum has an existential crisis. I more or less preferred them in the order they played out, though even the first story has its flaws (am I really supposed to have much sympathy for a guy who participates in dog fights?).
8 this great epic has  - without any doubt - exquisite value as an achievement in the field of moviemaking. the movie is really great by every means and has definitely deserved all the nine academy awards it had won back in 1982. one watches it, breathless, for all three hours, as if it was just 15 minutes long. but there's more. after 9-11 and all the things we have seen happen recently, this great biopic about this extraordinary man is especially worth recommending. it is worth seeing especially for this one line ghandi says in the film: 'eye for an eye will make the whole world blind'.
8 Pretty good movie visually and even though the changes from the book are obvious but they don't spoil it. They are changes that have to be made so it translates well on to screen. The comedy in the film is charming and not over the top. It fits in well with the film. The visuals are awesome. There are so many Easter eggs and references from pop culture it's unbelievable that they managed to add so many. It'll take a long time to spot them all. Overall I'd say this film is definitely worth a watch.
8 City Lights is probably one of the most well loved, along with Modern Times, Chaplin movies. The iconic and everlasting character of The Tramp, one of the most lovable, truly human and sympathetic characters perhaps of all time. Sometimes there is some hate towards tramps, like they are labeled lazy and troublesome. It is very hard to hate The Tramp, because he gives so much when he has so little. He spends his time and money giving to people - whether it be saying a millionaires life or buying a flower from a blind girl. Undoubtedly, we all have a little bit of The Tramp in us.The plot is as follows: the Tramp meets and falls in love with a blind girl who sells flowers on the street. She is poor and by a mere coincidence, believes that The Tramp is rich. He also saves a drunken millionaire from suicide, and despite his gratefulness, doesn't remember the poor tramp unless he is drunk.City Lights is no doubt a magnificent feat in motion picture history. It's poignant view of the world and society leaves you laughing and crying at the same time. Some believe this should really be called a drama instead of a comedy. I believe it is a strong mixture of both, and a great balance of the two. Both comedic and touching, City Lights should not be missed by anyone.
8 This film almost leads one to believe that sound betrays the emotion the eyes capture. Just as the blind develop hearing far better than the average, the deaf develop a keen sense of sight. I am convinced that a lack of dialogue forces us to read the language of the face and body, a verbage unmatched in beauty and nuance. Though the accompanying musical piece (be careful not to identify it as a score), so deliciously inspired by the film, enhances the visual playground; it is the actors' faces that comprise this tour de force. Ms. Falconetti shifts from worry and doubt to unabashed conviction in a single shot, giving the viewer the luck of seeing one's thoughts in progress. She needs no response to the interrogation, it's all in her face. Renee is not superficially beautiful and the lack of make-up only reinforces how bare Joan is, but it is the uncanny ability of an incomparable stage actor to be a window into the soul that makes her so stunning, for the soul we see is one we only wish to attain for ourselves. The Church sees what we see, and they respond just as clearly to her unspoken protest with vehement pomp. The cinematography is so astounding for its time no comment could ever do it justice. Though many comments can be made, and are, surrounding the inspiration and detail for the set, it is at its core an incredible gift from Dreyer to the actors meant to inspire. It plays little part in the film, but to pull an inconceivable last drop of reality from the actors. A testament I can imagine will never be matched to the incredible power of silence.
8 The story turns around Antonio 'Scarface' Montana, an ultra-violent Cuban refugee who comes to the United States with less than nothing, and makes a place for himself at the top of the cocaine trade...As a calculating man with a conscience, and extreme ambitions, Tony strongly begins to desire the things he sees a criminal high-roller enjoying, including his luscious lover... Heights his way out of a refugee camp by enjoying the chance to stab a former taker of Freedom, takes out rival dealers, gains the confidence of an important drug lord by eclipsing a local gang boss in Miami, and eventually makes it to the highest levels of the drug organization...Pacino shows the results of greed and lust for power on the human psyche... He guns his way through the sunny streets of Miami where he got 'the world and everything in it.' With his ruthlessness, obscene dialog, and his negotiation skills, he begins to imagine himself invulnerable and above all others... He quickly moves deep to the world of gangs, and becomes more ruthless than anyone else can possibly imagine...Michelle Pfeiffer looks dazzling as the addicted wife with no inner life... She succeeds in portraying the trophy 'object' navigating uncertain waters with her anti-hero... Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio happens to be the best in Tony's life, the only thing that is good and pure... Her revulsion at the end of the movie is so fiery that her whole head could have blown off... Robert Loggia exhibits a weak and fearful disposition, especially when faced with Pacino as a challenger... He proves to be a less-ambitious boss in a position of power... Steven Bauer shines as the man of charm, loyal ally and faithful friend...The Oliver Stone-scripted 'Scarface' is a change in genre, lifting scene after scene of Hawks' classic while updating the rise-and-fall gangster saga to modern, drug-infested Miami... But, as always, the focus is on decadence, profanity and violencememorably a sickening chainsaw murder, rather than on the psychological and social reasons for the hoodlum's psychopathic behavior...
8 "...if it's from a person who doesn't care about it." What really stands out for me (aside from the really excellent direction of the action sequences) is the too-brilliant for its own good script. Oldman,Reno, and Portman deliver lines that would seem goofy if spoken by lesser performers. Oldman especially chews the scenery in a way that's both amusing and utterly menacing. I wonder if his Beethoven obsession is a nod to the ultra-violent Alex from A Clockwork Orange?The American version ("The Professional") was the first version I saw. I'd originally had no real intention of seeing it because I'd read a pretty savage review of it likening it to child pornography. Clearly this particular reviewer had his head firmly planted in his rear. I'm surprised he could find room what with that tremendous stick in the way. Anyway, once I finally saw "Leon" for myself - thanks to my cinemaphile grandfather - I observed no such thing. This wasn't smut, it was love. Leon has no interest in Matilda sexually, but loves her as a father would love a daughter.If you have a choice then go for the longer director's cut. You get about 15 minutes more film - and not just filler. These are scenes that truly expand upon the story.My only complaints are about the almost complete under use of the completely underrated Danny Aiello, and Oldman's single dimensional evilness.
8 Every movie omes with expectations. The genre, actors, and subject matter of the film all lend some kind of expectation or judgment before you even see the movie. This movie has many things to give the audience a reputation. It stars Bella Thorne, people who are among her fans will flock to the movies, and her haters should stay away. It is a teen romance, so if that appeals to you, you will be excited for it. It is a terminal illness drama. If an extremely glossed over illness drama is okay for you, then this movie will be fine, if realism is what you are looking for, you will most likely dislike this movie.I fell into the category that was looking forward to this movie. I don't have much of an opinion on teen romance or glossy terminal illness drama, so those were neither a turn off or a enticement for the film. I am a fan of Bella Thorne, so that alone was enough to attract me to the film. I thought the trailer for the film looked good, and ultimately, for me the movie was good. The film is very tame. It defies no expectations, nor does it break any boundaries. It is a film that is well reflected by its trailer. If you liked the trailer, you will most likely enjoy the movie. If anything stands out as a negative against the movie when you watch the trailer, you will still hate it while you watch the movie. It is great for the people in its audience, a pretty bad experience for everyone else.
8 The IMDb ranking for this film is quite harsh in my opinion. OK, this film was never going to win an Oscar, but it's enjoyable throughout and has some very good laughs in it. I'm not a big fan of teen movies but I saw this and was impressed. It's light-hearted and not afraid to appear ridiculous (infact most of the time it does this deliberately) and it doesn't pretend to be "Just another teen movie", indeed it IS "Not another teen movie", it's a very enjoyable laugh at the expense of those films.Don't expect your life to be changed by this film, but if you want simply a fun film to watch then you won't go far wrong seeing this one.
8 If you are looking for a highly intellectual movie, forget it. This is a simple movie with a simple story line and simple jokes. However, if you like to go to the movies just to break the routine, to have some laughs, and to change your mind, this is an excellent movie. Most highly critical people looking for perfection will give this movie a bad review, no doubt. People who gave an 8 to True Grit will not appreciate this movie...Acting is excellent. Jennifer Aniston is perfect in that role; this is her best performance in a movie so far, except maybe for Marley and Me. Adam Sandler is much more natural than usual. He does not have to deliver all of the stupid jokes, and has a to act his role during most of the movie. I would say this is an equivalent performance as in 50 First Dates, or even better. He is very funny (as usual), but also compassionate and lovable. Nick Swardson is the clown of the movie, which allows Sandler to act more and leave some of the funny stuff to others. Swardson made me and my whole family laugh out loud during many parts of the movie. In fact, it had been a long time since I heard my two teenagers laugh so much and so loudly during a movie.The two kids are really good supporting actors. They bring a lot to the movie. They make the situation more complicated a few times in unexpected ways. Bailee Madison is very impressive. We will see her again and often.The normal cast of Happy Madisson movies are all there for their usual 2 minutes and all bring their own laugh. One of them made me swallow water in my lungs! He is good! I will let you guess which one.All and all, we left very satisfied and happy we had this family night, even the teenagers. No frustration like we had in True Grit and no disappointment like we had in Sanctum. This was better than expected and worth its money. Just sit down and "Go with it!".
8 Charlie Chaplin was funny. Charles Laughton was witty. As good as 'Witness For The Prosecution' is---Agatha Christie's story, the other actors, the technical expertise---the Oscar-nominated Laughton is THE reason to see this film. What he brings to Billy Wilder's 1957 courtroom thriller is his tremendous wit and intellect. It's a serious story, but the dark-comic tag team of Wilder/Laughton upgraded the film from "a good courtroom mystery" to "a classic of the courtroom genre".The headlining star, Tyrone Power, sure doesn't help them very much. He plays anguish about as smoothly as ripped sandpaper...and anguish is the unfortunate emotion he's got to play for most of the picture. Power has been accused of murdering a wealthy older woman. His wife (Marlene Dietrich) seems to be doing all she can to sell him out, appearing as...drum roll, please, drummer man...the star witness for the prosecution. Laughton is the brilliant (and ailing) English barrister defending Power. The plot twists 'n' turns a dozen ways from Sunday, just as it always does in Christie's best work.Amongst all the talk of bloody murder, there are running gags about cigars and alcohol. More dark wit---Laughton's character's poor health might cause him to drop dead at any moment. Wilder weaved thrills and smiles as well as any director. In this, he was wise to anchor the supporting cast with mainstays of the stiff upper lip. John Williams and Ian Wolfe (Hirsch from "WKRP"), not to mention Laughton's control-freak assistant Elsa Lanchester (who was also CL's real-life wife), are bloody good.Movies of this type have been ripped off so often that students of the "don't give away the ending" class are bound to figure it out. I did. That hardly mattered because there were STILL more surprises to come. Through all that plot, Dietrich winds up being the most fascinating character. Project back and you'll realize how well her performance works. But she & Power are merely the star attractions in 'Witness For The Prosecution'. The main dish is Charles Laughton. Considering how ironic and cynical our society has become, it's stunning that brilliant old pros like Wilder and Laughton aren't more popular today. After this movie, they've become personal heroes of mine.
8 It's hard to make any movie that follow after 'Spirited Away' So, when you watch, you have to try and keep an open mind....which is hard to do since the characters, and the whole feel of the film seems so much like his previous works.But what fun this film is! And interestingly beautiful. I could watch most any of his movies, just to look at the beautiful scenery. I love some of the incredible imagination that goes into his works.I could easily recommend this film. No, it's not the better than the rest, but I feel it's definitely worth your time.I look forward to seeing the film again, maybe I will understand some things a bit better.
8 The first time I am aware of seeing IAWL I managed to catch the last 5 Min's of the movie. It seemed to feature a character running around shouting 'Merry Christmas' at everybody, followed by a party where everyone handed over money To be frank, I wasn't in a hurry to see the rest of the movie. Then several years later, I started to watch IAWL from the beginning, unaware that it was the same movie. I was struck by how comprehensive the character study of George Bailey was. He was a good man, but his ambitions were frustrated at every turn. He wanted an Education, that was just outside his grasp. He wanted to travel, life conspired against him. At every step of the way, one person saw George 'rolling with the blows', that was Mary Hatch. This woman loved George and wanted to stand at his side, so they can face the slings and arrows of misfortune together. This is love of the purest kind.But even Mary's love cannot prevent George contemplating suicide. A single bad day that sees George on the top of the World at the beginning and thinking that taking his own life is the only way out by 10.45 pm.I was stunned when the ending turned into the movie I had seen some time before. But this time I understood, this wasn't just sentiment for it's own sake. To understand the ending you need to have gone on the same dark journey that George Bailey had been on.Many others have commented on the feel good aspects of the movie, so I won't. What I would like to say is that there are a number of scenes which live in the memory long after the end credits.Young George trying to persuade Mr Gower that he had prescribed poison (with young Mary Hatch Looking on).George hurrying home when he heard his father had had a stroke (with Mary Hatch looking on).George waiting at the station with Uncle Billy for Harry to come back from college (only to find Harry is already married and has a job that will keep him away from Bedford Falls).That kiss (I have to check that I am earthed, there is so much electricity in the air).Mary giving up their honeymoon money, to keep the Building and Loan out of Potters grasp.The Bridal Suit (with Ernie & Bert).Trying to talk to Mary in the alternate reality, but managing frighten her. The Ending.I don't think I have seen a better character study, or for that matter a better movie.
8 This Argentine film that found itself nominated for the 2014 Best Foreign Language Film Academy Award comes to us from director Damián Szifrón who has crafted a feature film comprised of a series of 6 vignettes/small stories about human beings from all walks of (Argentine) life who are all tested and taken to their limits ... until they finally lose control. While mostly disastrous the film is also WILDly thrilling and wholly original in its daring cheekiness ... as the film is a bitter dark comedy (with tinges of brutal drama).It is a film about a myriad group of people on a plane; a young waitress who still finds herself grieving over a family tragedy of the past; an encounter between two men from different social classes on a desolate highway; a man growing tired of the rat race of life in which we are all destined to lose; the aftermath of a horrible automobile accident; and a wedding reception like none you've ever seen before. All feature one or two characters taken to the edge ...It is how each of them handles their various situations that give us our WILD stories. Fascinatingly grim at times, the film almost always miraculously produces laughter and grins. Much of the laughter might be heavily muffled as one chuckles under his/her breath as others around them fail to see the director's (WILDly) wicked sense of humor come into play in some of the film's intense situations; but the dark tone pervades the entire film.While the film is most definitely tragic in many instances, Wild Tales is a comedy of errors about human nature and who we are. Some can watch this and most-likely not pick up even a hint of humor; but it is there ... and it is fantastically facetious.Wildly thrilling. Wildly fun. Wildly original. It is courageously wild.
8 I went 2 see it on the 1st night it came out... i thought it was amazing and so did my 3 friends i went to see it with. I thought that the cast was amazing & they could not have chosen better ! Chris Massoglia was an amazing lead...i didn't like him at the begin with but as the movie went on i leaned to love him and i realised why he was chosen for the role as he was a really good Darren ! I haven't seen any films with John C. Reilly in before but i thought he was a very good choice for the part of Mr Crepsley. I imagined that he would be more serious but instead they went for the funny side of him and i thought it was a great choice ! I think that Jessica Carlson was very good as Rebecca the monkey girl(for the people who have read the book she's Debby.) and her and Chris had really good chemistry ! Salma Hayek was a very good choice for Truska the bearded lady ! Me and my friends immediately liked her...she was amazing. They couldn't have chosen any-one better ! Now...my favourite person in the whole film was Josh Hutcherson as Steve. I have been a massive fan of Josh's and i think this has been his best film yet ! He is very good a Steve ! He brings out the dark side of himself and it makes you believe that he is actually very evil ! The only thing bad i have to say about the film is towards the end (don't read this bit if u don't want to know about it. and if u haven't read the books.) Me and my friends where saying that we thought that it was going to put all of the films together as Darren goes home and he finds the poster for the cirque and there was a not saying "see you at the theatre." now this confused me because in the last book Darren and Steve have there final showdown in the theatre. Also it seemed as though they didn't know where to end it. It seemed like it was going to finish in one place than they go to somewhere elseOther than that it's a very good film...Amazing !
8 George Bailey is a man with goals, ambitions - a man of courage, integrity and pride. But all he has ever done his whole life is assist those in need, never for a second thinking about himself. Wanting to see the world before he sets off to college for an architect degree, he finds that he can't let his town crumble against the miserable, hateful, greedy and powerful 'Potter' and so he decides to stay. His father passes away, and so he must find a way to run the 'Loans' business that his father has kept from the mad man 'Potter'. All goes well for Bailey - a beautiful wife, a few children and a lot of friends. Although still handing out loans like his father before him, he pursues his dream of building and constructs a home village with affordable houses despite Potter's mass influence on the township. Unfortunately for Bailey, things begin to point downhill following the Depression and later bankruptcy where Bailey just can't handle the weight of burden of all the people's money he cannot repay. He comes to the harrowing conclusion that he should never have been born and decides to leave his family and friends and take his own life off a bridge. But the world cannot dispose of itself such a man, so god sends an Angel on a mission to get its wings, or better yet to save George Bailey's life. The Angel shows George what life would have been like had he not been born at all and of what became of the people he took dearly. Miserable under Potter's absolute influence, the town looks like an over indulgent, over spent, money making machine. George gets a glimpse of his own powerful influence on his friends and family and realises just what a wonderful life he really had.Few films have portrayed the value (not the meaning) of life like 'It's a Wonderful Life' has. In contemporary times, we have been fed with recycled stories such as "The Family Man" and "It can happen to you", but none have captured the raw beauty of life like the original, "It's a wonderful Life"- its success partly due to its simplicity. And it sustains your attention from start to finish due to its simple and riveting storytelling. Sets aren't big, the story is quite small and the film is in black and white. What makes this film stand taller than others is the great dialog between the characters which consistently remains on the story throughout the film and not on irrelevant topics - this is what keeps us glued to the screen (unlike with modern films, most of the dialog is blabber about nothing). The acting is superb from the whole cast, but you have got to hand it to James Stewart for one of the best performances of his career portraying the discouraged George Bailey - arguably his best performance - and one of the best performances you will see in any film. What I really love about this film is the lack of music, which gives a sense of realism to the story, like we are there with the characters in George Bailey's world.Frank Capra creates an unforgettable atmospheric experience that remains tattooed in your memory years after viewing. The outdated effects aside, this film has stood the test of time as a timeless classic. The direction was subtle and superb - rarely equaled and I think this film is best in Black and White, even though they already had color in 1939, seven years before this masterpiece was released.I recommend this film to anybody who feels down and depressed, sad and lonely. It really makes you think about the importance and beauty of this life in which you are living. All I can say is that I will be watching this film yearly until the day that I die due to its poignancy. A real classic in cinema history. It really is a wonderful Life!
8 This being a movie written by Diablo Cody set the bars quite high, and I was surprised how good it was, especially since I'd seen the low average here at IMDb. First of all, this review contains SPOILERS! This is a horror comedy with a razor sharp script and beautiful music video footage. A lot of the latter part of the movie feels kind of like a Rammstein video - in a good way. But the thing that I like best with this movie is that it doesn't pretend to be something it isn't. It doesn't take itself too serious. I suppose that you could compare it to 'The Faculty', although I'd say this one's a lot better. But the movie that I think is most appropriate to compare it to is the eighties movie 'Heathers'. And I believe that it's a fair comparison and that 'Jennifer's Body' is just as good. So if you like 'Heathers' you should definitely see this. If not, you might as well give it a miss.
8 Amazing , sweet ,little ,funny ,feel good cinema thats what "The Little Rascals "   is all about .Quite amazing to see how small kids doing big deeds.The starcast is full of lovely kids and they make this movie a treat for the eyes to watch. The basic foundation of the Heman woman hater club shakes down when one of their member,Alfaalfa,  falls for Darla and there it all starts the fight for Darla and the story moves ..... When the movie is over there is something which makes u feel good.Director penelope spheeris completely justifies the subject the movie needed a good screenplay and its brilliant in the movie. Overall a good delightful movie to watch.
8 This high-tension thriller captures the true events of one summer afternoon when accomplices Sonny (Pacino) and Sal (Calzale) walk into a Brooklyn bank, and rob it. Of course not all goes to plan. An hour later they're still inside and the bank is surrounded. Cops, media, crowds of fans and the FBI are each hanging to Sonny's every word  and why? Because he has 9 hostages as pawns, a bank as his board and all the time in the world to think up a strategy. Inside the bank however is a different story. You can't help but sympathise with Sonny (due to Pacino's terrific performance) as the first-time bank robber who's unprepared, out of his depth, and just trying to think up a way out. Even the audience begin to feel the effects of Stockholm Syndrome as Pacino's character gains our affections. The 'villain who's a nice guy at heart' could have been disastrously cliché but Pacino's portrayal is nothing short of brilliance. Even Sal with his morbid disposition is magnetising as his childlike innocence shines through. Calzale was wonderfully cast as this awkward accomplice, wordlessly following Sonny. A huge success combining the skills of Lumet with the talent of Pacino for the second time in Pacino's best role yet. A true story that's compelling and tragic but most of all tangible  and that's what makes it so powerful.
8 This is my favorite 2000 movie of all time. It's hilarious.This movie spoofed my favorite horror films "Scream" and "I Know What You Did Last Summer". The Wayans Brothers did a good job putting those two movies in one story line.This film is about a group of teenagers finding themselves being stalked by a masked killer one year after an accidental murder.It stars Anna Faris, Regina Hall, Shawn Wayans, Marlon Wayans, Shannon Elizabeth, Jon Abrahams, Lochlyn Munro, Cheri Oteri, Dave Sheridan, Kurt Fuller and Carmen Electra.This horror-comedy is my favorite film of all time.Grade:A
8 "Beirut" is a film that demands you to be on your toes throughout. This intriguing picture emerges as a mental challenge containing multi-layers of plot devices from beginning to end. Yet in the final analysis, "Beirut" is worth all the cerebral jigsaw gnashing once the viewer puts all the pieces together. The story is set during the 1980's Lebanese Civil War where various factions, from Muslims to Christians to Palestinians to Israelites are mixing it up in the Mediterranean seaport and former vacation spot. Filmed in Morocco, scriptwriter Tony GIlroy, he of the "Bourne" series, establishes his fictional plot amidst the historical background of this turbulent time. Actor Jon Hamm's fine performance is understated as required by his character as the cool negotiator, though half the time drunk, who's fighting his personal demons while tight walking through a literal minefield in rescuing his kidnapped friend from terrorists.As someone wrote, they rarely make such challenging grown-up movies such as this anymore. "Beirut" harkens back to the days when the industry was making films such as 1982's "Missing" and 1969's "Z." This movie must be doing something right since my friends and I talked about all the logical plot twists after the ending. I hope this picture is successful since as director Billy Wilder said, "If I get to have my viewers to discuss my movie over drinks for 15 minutes, I think I've done my job." I read that anecdote from the fine book "The 15 Geniuses Behind The Lens: How The Best Film Directors Shaped Today's Movies" that I recently purchased from Amazon.
8 This movie is super fun and jampacked full of adventure. It is entertaining for kids and even adults. My family and I really enjoyed this movie and highly recommend to anybody in the mood for a good old detective story with a few twists and turns.
8 Honestly I loved it myself, but I can definitely see where others will be able to pick some things apart with this film. The movie is predictable, you'll figure it out after about ten minutes. Regardless of that fact, it still pulls you in from the very first moment. You will want to see it through to the end, I promise!Bel Powley really shines in this movie. Her acting is superb, and she portrays the character extremely well. Matter of fact she pretty much carries this film by herself. I've never seen any other movie she has been in, but after this, I can guarantee she is someone you will want to keep an eye on. The supporting cast did a really good job also. Do you want to be entertained, or do you just want to complain? Leave it all at the door, just watch it and be entertained. It's not meant to be the best film ever, and win hundreds of awards. I wouldn't so much call it horror, more of a thriller. I really liked the idea of the wildling creatures. I wish they had made the movie just a tad bit longer and fully played out some of the ideas that died towards the end. Overall the movie was good, nothing award winning, but definitely a movie to keep in the collection. Watch it, enjoy, don't overthink this.
8 The Wachowski Brothers are back at it again.  After their big hit with "The Matrix" in 1999, they decided to do another film, and to be honest, it won't let you down. This film is intensely thrilling from beginning to end, and really gets the adrenaline pumping. This futuristic story follows a man known by the alias 'V' (Hugo Weaving), a masked freedom fighter, who battles for justice against the government in London.  Put up against the totalitarian British government, a mild-mannered woman, Evey Hammond (Natalie Portman), was rescued from an urgent situation by V. Very captivating and tremendously skilled in the arts of combat and deception, V, using unconventional and questionable methods, urges the citizens of London to rise up against the tyrannical rule of Britain's chancellor, Adam Sutler (John Hurt).  As Evey slowly uncovers the truth about V's mysterious past and that of her own, she emerges as his unlikely ally in the culmination of his plan to overthrow the British government to bring freedom and hope back to society. Hidden behind the Guy Fawkes mask, Hugo Weaving really proves he is a versatile actor. His character provokes thoughtful questions in a dystopian future, and every emotion of his character is brought out with such elegance. Portman also excels as she really is the heroine of the film, and she handles the role quite well. The overlying plot to bring justice to Britain is taken aback at times by the unlikely bond between V and Evey, and the scenes between them are touching and well handled. The film's use of darkness effectively displays the dystopian state of Britain. Although a lot of scenes were shot outside, they were always dark and in tight corners to give you the feeling that you were constantly being monitored, which you were. Also, the use of camera angles help distinguish the powerful from the weak. In the beginning of the movie, the camera always angled up towards the chancellor from the point of view of the people. This exemplifies the authority the chancellor has over the citizens of Britain. As the movie progresses, the camera angle slowly rises and eventually is directly overhead all the people in the streets. V is an idea, a symbol, a metaphor that cannot be destroyed.  A man can be killed, but as an idea, he is indestructible. His message becomes more powerful as people gaze upon him, but not the man underneath the mask. One man can only try to make a difference in society, but as a united force of men and women, great change can be achieved. An exciting adventure to say the least, this film has all the works: great directing, captivating script, phenomenal acting, and is in its own way, breathtaking.
8 There are actors,and there are movie stars.Arnold Schwarzenegger is without question a movie star,because every time he is on screen, he is,well,Arnold.There is a different Arnold in this film,and this     is what I like about it.He,for once,is playing the villain,and to perfection,I might add.He makes for one of the best screen villains ever in cinema history.It's a pity that his "good guy" image won't allow him to play the bad seed more often,but that's Hollywood, I guess.Aside from the thrilling sequel,this is perhaps Arnold's best work.
8 Having a huge interest in both World Wars and all that happened during the time period 1910-1950, I've seen a lot of movies and read even more books on the subject. Name me a more or less realistic war movie and I've probably seen it, so when "Der Untergang" was first released in Germany, I already knew I wanted to watch it as soon as it would be released over here. The commotion that it caused, the good critics that it got, all made me look forward to the day that I would see it, but really nothing could prepare me for what I saw... It was amazing, it was great, it was jaw-dropping...The main criticism that many people had on this movie was that Hitler and the other Nazi party members looked too human. I know, some people expect that the leaders of the Third Reich are only shown as real monsters, as people who didn't have any human feelings... But that's not the truth. The truth is that, no matter how horrible the things they did, they still were human and (most of the time) acted like normal human beings (for instance Hitler who really loved his German shepherd or who had one of Goebbels' children sitting on his lap while they were singing a song for him...). And let's be honest: do you think a leader who doesn't care for his people's destiny after the war, who doesn't want to see the truth that the war is lost, who knows all too well that he sends young children into battle (he even decorates them personally), but doesn't care, a man who can be so kind and sweet one moment and than be furious and outraged the other moment, really looks like a kind, sweet grandfather??? I don't think so. The makers of this movie never intended to make him look like a nice or a bad man, they intended to show him the way he really was and they did an amazing job.I've seen many documentaries about Hitler and read a lot of books about the man, so I think I can say I know quite well how he acted and reacted. Seeing Bruno Ganz as Hitler was a shock. He doesn't just look like Hitler, he IS Hitler in this movie!!! His performance was absolutely amazing and seeing him in this film really made shivers going down my spine. Hitler seemed to be alive again! If you've read so many books about the man as I did, you can only conclude that the resemblance is more than just remarkable, it is perfect.But of course there were more actors in the movie than Bruno Ganz (an actor who I admire since I saw "Pane e Tulipani" or "Bread and Tulips" for the first time). Even though I have to admit that I don't really know any of them, I must say that they all did an excellent job. Juliane Köhler as Eva Brown, Corinna Harfouch as Magda Goebbels, Alexandra Maria Lara as Traudl Junge, Ulrich Matthes as Joseph Goebbels,... They all must have studied there characters for many hours, because they were all excellent.As the horror and reality of the movie have only just ended and burned themselves on your retina for the rest of your life (By the end of the movie, you'll have seen many officers commit suicide, Hitler and Eva Brown being burned behind the bunker, the Goebbels murdering their children, people being hanged on a lantern for stupid reasons, young children dying as they try to defend Berlin...), you think you've had it all, but than the real Traudl Junge gives away a last testimony, looking back on her life with Hitler ... blowing you away even more. I can't remember that I've ever been so quiet after seeing a movie and apparently I wasn't the only one. Really no-one spoke a word during the first minutes after the lights went on again. I don't think many movies have ever touched the audience in such a deep way as this one did.Because of its historical value and realism, this movie should be seen by everybody and especially by young people at school. Forget those history books for once, this will get through to them at least ten times better. I'm sure that everybody will admit that this movie is a true masterpiece. People who don't know anything about the subject will be able to learn a lot about it and people who already thought they knew it all will still find some new things and will admit that this is exactly the way it must have been 60 years ago. I think there can be only one appropriate score for this movie and that is a full 10/10. Go see it people, NOW!!!
8 Ignore the irrelevant comments and reviews, this is a terrifically told story and is entertaining.I heard that 'The Quiet Place' was filmed in a very noisy location so perhaps that deserves low reviews too....Just go and enjoy Beirut, it's a great movie.
8 "Return of the Jedi" is almost on par with the previous "Star Wars" films. There's more special effects (some good, some cheesy) and more new characters and creatures, including the Ewoks.  What makes Jedi the least perfect, is that it's very routine -- more of a reworking of "Star Wars." There's more new surprises, though.  A victory is celebrated at the end.  New scenes are featured in the "special edition." The ending is very satisfying.  My evaluation: ***1/2 out of ****.
8 Everyone has heard of this movie. The general assumption is that this movie is one of the greatest gangster films that there is. I am inclined to disagree with this. Yes this movie has some great moments, but it does not deserve the credit it gets.Al Pacino is a great actor, and I don't deny this, but there are to many times in this movie where he seems to overplay the part. Michelle Pfiefer is horrible in this movie, probably her worst performance ever. As for most of the other actors who did not make it big, it is very much because they're not good actors. Al Pacino's brother in the movie seems totally scripted.Anyway, as for the plot, it is boring, and overused. Man gets rich, and the people he stepped on to get there come after him. It's boring and predictable because of this. If I were doing this movie, I would cut so much. We don't need the restaurant scenes which do not advance the movie. We do not need a scene with Al pacino in a hot tub having the same argument he had around 5 other times in the movie.
8 I came to this movie cold, just knowing it starred Noomi Rapace who is always watchable. Playing an interrogator who has stepped away from the front line following an incident in her pasta, she is drawn back in when a young courier is seized by the intelligence services. She adopts a different approach to her colleagues and just when you think you know how the film will play out, we learn that not all is as it seems and the film moves up a level.To say more would be to ruin an interesting journey with a stellar cast on good form including Toni Collette, Michael Douglas & John Malkovich as well as a supporting turn from a recently underused Orlando Bloom. Former Bond director Michael Apted does a good job shooting London in a fresh light.Don't let the negative reviews put you off seeing this film and you will be in for a twisty-turny treat
8 I don't know what's with all the hater reviews. Was it a predictable storyline? Yes, but the jokes were funny, the supporting cast was excellent and the overall message was positive. I went to a matinee that was about half full and there were plenty of people laughing- some laughed at Stuff even I didn't. I think some of the best parts were the lame excuses she gave people for blowing them off.The actor who played her boyfriend was very refreshing and his reactions were exactly what one would expect. I would put this on par with Trainwreck and say it is nothing like her standup. And I walked out wanting to throw out my spanx and sign up for a bikini contest, lol.
8 Beyonce was a terrible choice as a "Power's Girl" and it kind of ruined the entire movie for me. She's really not that pleasant to look at, not to mention her acting was very obnoxious. I think the movie would have been gold (super corny pun intended) if they had cast just about anybody else to play the part of Foxxy Cleopatra. Everything else about the movie was great just every time she spoke I wanted to stab my eardrums until I became deaf and every time she came on screen I wanted to put my steel toe boot through the TV. Now for the spacer because apparently this retarded excuse for a movie website doesn't think I can get my opinion of this film across in less than 10 lines. Strange, isn't it? Well that puts me up to the limit. It's been real. Thanks for reading.
8 I usually don't like her movies, I couldn't even finish Trainwreck. However, there's something endearing about the movie, and it did make me laugh, so it accomplished its job there. But, there's some scenes (not spoiling) that seemed unnecessary, almost as if the editor left them in by accident.
8 Watched this movie at a sneak preview last night, and I enjoyed it!The assassination of Obergruppenfuhrer of the SS Reinhard Heydrich is a story worth telling. Several movies did (in some way); Operation Daybreak (1975), Lidice (2011) and the more recently released Anthropoid (2016). HHhH chose a slightly different angle, in twofold. The first part of the movie centers around Heydrich and his rise to power. The second part focuses on his assassination, told from the viewpoint of the Czech resistance, Jozef Gabcik and Jan Kubis in particular. The first part is slow, prioritizing character development. The second part is faster, making it a completely different (and original!) movie.I read some negative reviews complaining about the two movies in one structure. I understand, it feels a little unsatisfied and rushed at times. Rosamund Pikes character as Heydrichs wife is not used to its full potential in my opinion, and some details are left out of the story (Kubis did not actually commit suicide but was fatally wounded and died in the hospital, not only Gabcik but they both shot at Heydrich in the caretc). Nevertheless, I found in highly entertaining, informative and original. And the casting of Stephen Graham as Himmler is beyond scary.Well worth a watch! Makes you at least want to know more about this very interesting story when you leave the theater.One more thing, we should stop comparing present day Nazi characters in movies with the representation of Ralph Fiennes' Amon Goeth in Schindler's List. It just unfair :)
8 In a time where superhero movies seem to come from the assembly line and standards are (sadly) set already it is hard to find gems that really transcend these paradigms.Ang Lee made a different approach to the superhero genre - and the people didn't like it! Why? After Daredevil, Blade, Elektra, Aeon Flux, League of extraordinary gentlemen, Spiderman (yes, i mean it), Spawn, etc etc there are many parallels you can draw between superhero films. And Hulk is the only thing that the others aren't: un-American! In a very rare exception we have a film here that doesn't have the arrogance and straight-forward story that we seem to have gotten used to too easily.Spiderman (in particular) follows the EXACT steps you can read in a tutorial for film making - that may be neat to watch but leaves no space for surprises or artistic inputs. Ang Lee seems to have taken especially this thought very seriously and created a piece of art that the average pop-corn-formula-film-liking movie-goer may find hard to digest. No doubt, this movie is not made for assembly-line-film-lovers - it is constructed very thoughtfully and goes beyond the interpretation of a superhero. It plays with the chaos that erupts out of the events rather than glorifying another world saviour.There is no real good and evil, there only is an overcharge from both sides that don't know how to master the situation. The American movie-goer averagely wants black and white sides, a proud US-flag waving and a hero that saves the day (+nation and eventually the world, maybe even the universe). Nope, not in this one. While most of the other films establish superheroes as something that fits perfectly into our society, Hulk plays with the idea of what would happen if unknown uncontrolled untameable power surfaces - and that both sides act incredibly humane. At this point 80% of movie-consumers are out and 90% of movie-lovers come in (that number is small as we know).I appreciated the rather unconventional storytelling, I admire the cast, I treasure the artistic hybrid of comic and reality and I enjoyed the portrayal of energy. Now, anyone who has seen Asian action films will find many parallels - the question is, are YOU ready to adapt to some of those standards when they are being poured over a western story? I was... And I was overwhelmed!Anyone calling this movie the worst film they've ever seen (and there are quite few stating this) should stay with Spiderman, Transformers and Blade and get the same product over and over again (because they keep buying it). For my part I was grateful to see that there are people out there who get the chance to put a very distinctive stamp on their work making it unique and deep.Five years later the audience won and an assembly line version was released, not as bad as some others but definitely not as creative and visionary as this one. Great job Ang!!!!!
8 Georges Arnaud's novel LE SALAIRE DE LA PEUR has been filmed twice, by Henri-Georges Clouzot as THE WAGES OF FEAR (1953) and by William Friedkin as SORCERER (1977). While both films are worth seeing, the earlier version is the one regarded as a classic, and rightly so. Although SORCERER goes into more detail about the political climate and the various misdeeds that led the four desperate protagonists to the South American hellhole where they accept high-paying but life-risking jobs driving nitroglycerin through treacherous terrain, WAGES... distinguishes the men's personalities better, giving the audience more rooting interest in them. Both films have excellent casts, with charismatic leads in Yves Montand (WAGES...) and Roy Scheider (SORCERER), plus WAGES... also provides feminine charm in the form of beguiling Vera Clouzot as the café waitress who loves Montand. Both films have tense action sequences as well, but somehow for all the staging and skillful editing, SORCERER's action scenes seem strangely slow, slogging along in the mud just like the protagonists in their less-than-state-of-the-art trucks. Both versions have enough good things in them to be worth a look, but if you only have the time and resources to check out one of them, it's WAGES... that really pays off!
8 The Circle is a movie based on a novel by Dave Eggers. It stars Emma Watson and Tom Hanks and it's set in a near future where they have this company called The Circle which is pretty much like Google, but even bigger. Emma Watson stars as Mae Holland, a young woman who gets a job in the company, but when she sees what the company really is doing, which side will she take?I have read the novel and even though it was flawed, it was an interesting read, so I was kinda excited about the movie. The movie isn't perfect, but it's not nearly as bad as everyone says. I didn't find it boring at all, you just need to get invested in the story and know that this is not your typical dystopian story. This really shows what life might be like one day, so not much major events happen. That made it feel a bit more realistic, but it also made it feel a bit forgettable. That's the biggest flaw of this film. It makes quite an impact on you when you finish watching it and you won't be able to stop thinking about it for the next few hours. But that's more because of the message, not because of the movie itself. But that message will get under your skin. You will shiver during some scenes in the second half and especially at the last shot. And the creepiest thing about it is how easily a large percentage of humanity could be tricked by propaganda. That's extremely well shown in Eamon Bailey, the charismatic leader of the organization played by Tom Hanks. He's smart, he's funny, he's down-to-earth, and he's very likable. And that's the scariest thing. He's one of those people who would probably manage to talk you into killing yourself in less than 5 minutes. He's such a charismatic presence and Hanks was the perfect choice for the role. Regardless of his plans for the future, you just can't hate this guy! That's how easily we can be brainwashed and the movie warns us about a lot of things going on in the world right now. When you finish it, you will think a lot about the points this movie made. Oh, and I forgot to mention, I also like how they eliminated some extremely unnecessary subplots from the book and made the story a lot more straightforward without any distractions.Overall, even though it's not amazing, I recommend this film simply for the message itself. It's really not that bad.
8 Martin Scorsese could have created a Real Movie about Real Characters who committed terrible acts on Wall Stree. Instead he chose to create a comedy farce for the sole purpose of a box office hit in order to generate tons of cash just like the character Belfort. There is no mention of the victims of Belfort's scams. I cannot believe he has been nominated for Best Director for this piece of Trash. I don't understand how this movie received 8.7 on IMDb.The formula for the Box Office hit Pot Pourri is simple: Wild Parties, Fast Cars, Expensive Houses, Huge Yachts, Drunken Helicopter Pilots, Lots of drinking, drugs, Naked Women, Orgies, guns, Cheating husbands, Money laundering, Slimy Swiss bankers, seducing hot babes, seducing ex-babes (grandmas, And finally,Idiotic Extreme Behavior by brokers who act super smart in one scene And pathetically stupid in another scene. If Tarantino had been the director, I would have said, fine, that is his style, but Marty, I expected a bit more class from him. This movie Glorifies Scumbags who manipulate people who entrust them with their hard earned dollars The scumbags have no moral or ethical dilemmas. The movie turns them into heroes to be emulated. Belfort's sentencing agreement mandates a total of $110 million in restitution yet the victims have received little of this. The script at times makes you think it was written by a hyper-hormoned immature male high school dropout teenager. It tries extremely hard to be funny, yet it falls flat on its face in this arena. Reminded me of a 22 minute sit com on TV, yet no one in my row was laughing at the jokes. The story could have been summarized in 30 minutes, Get ready for 180 minutes We are forced to watch one unnecessary scene after another, the same topic is repeated over and over again, Same arguments, same sales pitches "Sell me this Pen", OK I got it, Belfort is a charismatic Speaker and a great Sales Person, I don't need to have it hammered in my brain. The Range of behaviors of the characters go from one Serious Extreme to completely irresponsible infantile idiotic and unbelievably stupid levels. Watch Donnie (Jonah Hill) Play with himself in public when he first takes a look at Naomi Lapaglia ( Margot Robbie ). Remember that he is the Number 2 Lead at the Investment firm and Later in charge of running Stratton Oakmont. How can he be so stupid and so smart at the same time. The Characters are Caricatures of the real people they are supposed to depict. The tone was set after the first few minutes of Belfort's (DiCaprio) narrative while he is starring at the camera. It did not work for me. There are only two decent scenes in this movie that stand out for their realism. When DiCaprio first Seduces his future blonde wife at dinner in the restaurant When The two Fed agents board Belfort's Yacht Nadine and Belfort in a sly arrogant manner attempts to bribe the investigators. Some movies are must see movies Because they change your view of the world and you never forget them. This movie changes nothing.
8 Antonius Block - "Who are you?" Death - "I am Death." Antonius Block - "Have you come for me?" Death - "I have long walked by your side." Antonius Block - "So I have noticed."The Seventh Seal, considered by some to be Ingmar Bergman's greatest achievement, is the desperate prayer of a sensitive, introspective, and insightful young man confused by the horrors of the world around him. Ingmar Bergman's films are often very deep, full of symbolism, philosophy, spirituality, emotion, and thought. The Seventh Seal is classic Bergman. Expressing his fear of life with no meaning, death with no understanding, and faith with no validity, Ingmar Bergman takes us deep into the well of his mind.As the Black Plague ravages the world, a Antonius Block and his squire, Jons (Max Von Sydow and Gunnar Bjornstrand, respectively), return from fighting in the Crusades. They find their homeland devastated by the plague, their countrymen mad with fear, and their cause lost. Antonius Block is confronted by Death (Bengt Ekerot). Block challenges Death to a game of chess to provide him time to seek answers to the questions that plague his mind as Death has plagued his country. Death accepts, knowing that Block cannot escape his fate, and the two begin their game. As the story continues, Block and Jons meet with several testaments to the agony that the Black Death has brought upon their land. They find a young girl who is to be burned at the stake for having been with the Devil. They find madness in the eyes of all they meet, as everyone is convinced that God is angry and is punishing the world with the plague. They also find a small group of travelling actors, who appear to be the only souls to have remained sane in the midst of all of the death and fear. Block and Jons move across the countryside in the hopes of finding safety in Block's castle, but Death is always around the corner, biding his time.Brilliantly conceived, and stunningly executed, Bergman's vision is brought to the screen through Gunnar Fischer's powerful cinematography creating images that will likely remain with you for the rest of your life. Strong performances from everyone involved bring humanity to the film. Max Von Sydow's brave and conflicted Antonius Block matching wits with Bengt Ekerot's sinister, omnipotent Death is a microcosm of the forces at work in this breath-taking interpretation of the mortal struggle.A masterpiece!
8 As an avid movie goer, and occasional reviewer, I am one (like most) to naturally flock to the reviews of Rotten Tomatoes, Metacritic, and the user flooded IMDb... Verbinksi's A Cure For Wellness strikes all categories on what a suspenseful "thriller" should be. I myself watch countless thrillers, as they along with horrors, are my favorite genre. Upon seeing the reviews for A Cure for Wellness, I was both disappointed and worried... I had expected a much more positive response, with not only a solid cast headlined by he greatly under- appreciated Dane DeHaan, but also a suspenseful and artistic director, in Gore Verbinksi. With that being said, this movie was phenomenal.To actually describe this movie in a flurry of words, my choice would be; eerie, suspenseful, captivating, and gorgeous. The movie itself takes place in the Swiss Alps, at a mental institution "devoted to making you well again", and the colors, and abilities to exploit the sound effects, score, and draw you in with rather sexual and ostentatious visuals, along with gory and disturbing ones is exquisite. DeHaan's role as Lockhart, is in my opinion, one of his best works aside from Chronicle. I personally believe he is undermined especially after a rather catastrophic blow from his depiction of Green Goblin in Spider-Man.All in all, I would give this movie an 8.7/10, being that I was drawn in, and fell in love with both the visual appeals and the stunning work on color and sound, but also the fact that both DeHaan and Isaacs made me feel as if I was a patient searching for a cure... This movie satisfied my lofty expectations, and I felt not only like my demands were met, but even exceeded. Gorgeous work and a very enjoyable movie. (AGE: 17+ for nudity/violence/language/grotesque scenes)
8 I'm seeing a lot of bad reviews on this, and I think people are being way too critical. Don't get me wrong, this isn't the next "A Quiet Place" or "It." This is a PG-13 teen horror flick that shows a lot of sexy young adults being killed. It's goal is just to provide mindless, violent entertainment for a couple hours, and it serves its purpose well.I've heard someone compare this to "Final Destination" and that's a pretty apt comparison. The driven force of this movie is some creative kills. The movie also keeps you guessing as to who meets the chopping block. I'm also a found of the weirdly distinctive smile effect the monster uses when it possesses people.I've heard complaints about the script and characters, but I don't see that. I mean there's nothing here to write home to mom about, but I found the script, characters, and acting to be solid.
8 Using a traditional folklore anthology as guideline (XVII century "Lu  cunto de li cunti" by Gian Battista Basile) Garrone puts on screen  three gorgeous (loosely) intertwined stories that have for protagonists  various Kings and Queens facing huge obsessions.  - In one Salma Hayek and John C. Reilly are a royal couple that  struggles to get an heir, until a mysterious cloaked man offers them a  magical solution. The birth of the child will not be exactly as  expected.  - In another Vincent Cassel is a sex-maniac king that became obsessed  by a mysterious woman with a beautiful voice. Her true identity is,  well... complicated; and her desire to became queen will result in a  magical help that will be for her both a blessing and a curse.  - In the last story Toby Jones is a king so fascinated by a magical  animal to neglect her only daughter Viola and her desire to marry. The  death of the animal and the desperate need for affection of the king  will result in a bizarre challenge that will mark a dire fate for the  princess.  Every story it's connected by the themes of blood and duplicity: how  obsession seems like love and makes you do things without caring for  the consequences. All this in a slow paced, softly spoken movie that  suddenly outburst in tense scenes of violence, gore and horror; always  gorgeous in its unique aesthetic based on the constant opposition  between rich baroque splendor and poor barren settings. It may appear  "bare" by the current standards of fantasy movies but that's exactly  the point: this is not fantasy, it's folklore; even a grand task like  slaying a sea dragon became trivial compared to the depths of human  relationships.
8 I really enjoyed this movie. The cinematography was absolutely stunning & the two leads were well played. I bought into the story & left the cinema with a smile on my face. A girl could drown in Idris Elba's eyes!I don't understand the terrible reviews on IMDb. The acting was not terrible, nor was the story-line. Critics seem to expect a romantic survival film to be somehow cerebral. Most movies are just regurgitated ideas, so the hate here is undeserved in my opinion. Maybe these are the same reviewers that thought La La Land deserved all those Oscars? Now there was a boring movie! Don't get me started....!Don't believe the highbrow critics here. Grab your besties & have an enjoyable night out at the movies.
8 If this had been headlined by anyone other than Dwayne Johnson then I'm not sure I'd have turned up at the cinema. Even then it was a bit touch and go. What could this sword and sandals flick offer that wasn't already covered by many others the last fifteen years? It turns out Hercules is pretty unique in its attempt to say something important about the world we live in, layered beneath the many coloured imagination of director Brett Ratner and the needs of a PG12 rating.Hercules is one of the great legends of ancient Greece, the half human son of Zeus. The slayer of mighty beasts and a single man able to face down whole armies. Or so the legend says.It has been three years since Hercules was banished from Athens for the alleged murder of his wife and children. He now roams the lands around the Aegean sea, a mercenary for hire, along with his small band of loyal soldiers. When a beautiful princess asks Hercules to save her father's once proud kingdom from marauding centaurs, the offer of payment in gold to Hercules weight is too good to refuse. As Hercules trains the rag tag army of this beleaguered nation and leads them to battle, Hercules and his men realise not all is it what it seems. When Hercules's past turns around and confronts him face on he has to also face the reality of his own legend.Despite an often flat first half carried on the very broad shoulders of our man Dwayne, we realise at the mid-point a quite interesting premise has been played and the second half is quite something. Dwayne is always charismatic if not possessed of the ease Rufus Sewell and Ian McShane have in front of camera, both of which almost steal the show. Hercules small band of warriors work well together although Ian McShane in particular has all the best lines and moments, memorably towards the end.Ultimately this is very watchable, a good way to spend a few hours on a Friday night. It has a very worthwhile message, is underpinned by great actors and is clever, at least in the second half. But there is something missing. This is a PG12, which means for all the violence, of which there is a lot, there is nothing to ground it as real violence. Hercules has heart but it's a long way short of Conan (1982) and a league apart from Gladiator (2000). By giving it such an unrealistic context, violence without reality, to achieve a younger audience it detracts from the core message, so painstakingly woven through the story.Hercules is good entertainment with something important to say if you're willing to overlook a few shortcomings, mostly around catering for a younger audience.
8 Beirut is the latest film starring on Jon Hamm. I can see Jon Hamm being nominated for an Oscar. Please if they are recasting Batman please cast him know. Know this film will upset some Middle Eastern people but I believe it shows the good and bad of the area it is located. I can also see this film being nominated for Oscar because of the score was unusual that it was not traditional American score but instead it more ottoman empire inspired score. I am giving this film 8 and ½ stars out of 10.
8 This ridiculous film was unmistakingly one of the worst films i've seen in 30 years! Kate Winslett needs to return to acting school, she just isn't very convincing. Here are these two souls who end up in the snowy, blizzard mountains due to a plane crash and never once did i hear either of them say "I'm cold". They prance thru the snow so easily and of course as time goes on they began to give each other goo goo gah gah looks like teenage heart throbs. It appears it's extremely cold yet they can hardly wait to jump in the sack. I could hardly wait for this Clunker to be finished. PLease do not waste your time on this film....it's absolutely horrible!
8 Club Dread is a very interesting piece of work, not really too original, exciting, well done, action filled or intelligent... and honestly not even good. Basically it pivots around a bunch of people stuck on an island with a killer, giving it quite the "oh please not another movie like that" feeling. However, they are not just a handful of people on a deserted island, they are the staff of "Pleasure Island" and need to keep their cool while taking care of a load of tourists. The plot is by no means complicated but it stands out just enough and can be quite unpredictable sometimes. Just beware of a very common mistake! Don't give up after the first few minutes, it gets better and better all the way to the end!This movie needs you to fulfill three different criteria before you can truly enjoy its interesting properties to the fullest. I have listed them below, the first being the most important and so on. Number 1; you need to be able to laugh freely and comfortably at silly, odd and stupid things. Number 2; you need to make sure you are not disturbed by "almost well done gore" or attractive women not wearing a whole lot of clothes. Number 3; you need to be observant enough to notice details, and too tired (or possibly drunk) to be upset when these details don't match, instead you need the ability to laugh at it.With these things in mind, my punchline is; This movie is a total piece of crap! Characters, script, effects, dialog, actors and most other stuff too can't be called anything other than crap! However, follow the simple guidelines and force a few friends to watch it with you and you will laugh so hard you will never forget this movie. Hard to tell if the movie was intended to be hilarious or serious, but regardless the intentions behind it... this is a comedy overdose! Total piece of crap but in a Very entertaining way, I give it a 7 out of 10 because months later I still start laughing like a maniac when I think about some of the scenes in the movie.
8 Total Lifetime Grosses Domestic: $80,101,125 19.6% + Foreign: $327,676,888 80.4% = Worldwide: $407,778,013 this should tell you something, not to always listen to people that write these reviews, were all given different opinions and different view points. Yes, i actually did like it, I have actually watched it a couple of times. I laughed was intrigued glued to my seat, while watching it. I got my popcorn and my Slurpee and turned my brain off for what was just over 1 50 min.s and I had fun. This movie made over 300 million foreign, and I don't care if they love Tom Cruise it's not as bad as these stuck up people say it is. IK won't tell you whats about or the plot. Go watch it and have some fun on a Friday night
8 If Anchorman spawned a lovechild with High School Musical, it would abound with sophomoric one-liners between energetic musical numbers. And thusly, Pitch Perfect 2 feels like it was belched from that very birth canal. As the plot develops, it becomes more and more formulaic. Deeply meaningful, though, is not what this film wants to be when it grows up. Along side some jokes that would make 3rd graders giggle intensely, the Anchorman-esque humor takes shots at cultural and racial biases. This style of humor may give some of the more hoity-toity among us a reason to snub the film. I,on the other hand, laughed so hard I did some crop dusting of my own. (My apologies to those sitting near me.) When the plot or jokes stall, energetic High School Musical-esque song mash-ups flourish while some scenes are hilariously forced.Yes, indeed, this movie is not for those searching for the meaning of life in the B-roll. Instead, it is the opportunity to be enveloped in entertainment purely for the sake of a good laugh at a stupid joke.
8 I've studied Bergman's films and have seen all of them, yet Persona stands alone as his most brilliant and indeed, the most visually striking (thanks to the genius of Sven Nykvist).The story concerns a cracked actress (Liv Ullmann-Bergman's long-time lover), in hospital for treatment under the guise of a rather insecure nurse (Bibi Andersson). As the tale of care- giver and patient plays out, the nurse, Sister Alma, fills the void left by Liv Ullmann's complete silence and regression by offering a series of confessions on her own life. These confessions, most poignantly, consist of Alma's infidelities to her husband, a secret abortion and a unwanted pregnancy to please her husband. Through the course of the movie, set mainly in a summer retreat, the two women, left in seclusion, seem to drift into one another's personae. However, Bergman's dialogue turns more to first person confessional and not a tale of two women. Eventually, the viewer comes to the realization that the two women are actually two sides of the same person. Liv Ullmann represents, in pop-Freudian terms, the superego as Bibi Andersson is the ego or in other words, the 'actress' is actually the nurse and Liv Ullmann, the caretaker/observer.Elisabet Vogler is actually Bibi Andersson's persona; the one who answers to the external world, whilst shutting out the sensitive, introspective and broken inner persona, Liv Ullmann. The movie comes to a sad conclusion, wherein the actress wins out over the delicate, fractured woman deep within. As the lines in the movie say, they agree to "nothing", keeping the facade intact to the rest of her reality and keeping distant from her older husband and abandoning any attempt to love her son, born to please her husband.A line in the movie states blatantly that everyone has two personae; the one external and the one internal. This movie is one of the greatest human dramas with a psychological force rarely, if ever, seen today. Along with Casavetes' "A Woman on the Verge" and Lynch's "The Elephant Man", Bergman and Nykvist commit to film one of the most introspective studies of mortality, sanity and the human condition.A masterpiece.
8 I was really looking forward to this show, even though I thought it might be somewhat of a remake of Glee. This show thumbs it's nose at everything conventional (much like the musical they are planning to perform). It seems to want to cover an array of social and political issues in the current news. It has a very heavy gay theme, addresses homeless teen and foster care system, a transgender student, and a teen who is more responsible than her parent. It really wants to show disdain for authority, from the teacher opposing the principal and football coach, to the Catholic teen who tells his parents he has prayed about doing a romantic scene with another boy - and is going to do it whether they want him to or not, to the assistant director of the play who, along with the drama students, burns all the costumes for the other play because they don't want to do it.NO THANK YOU! This is definitely not what I want to watch, or have my kids watch. It might be what is happening with teens, but it is definitely not entertaining.
8 It's rare that I find a movie that my wife and I both like. She's more of a Hallmark movie type; I'm a little more cerebral. But we both enjoyed it. Sure, there are some implausible plot points and bad science, but not enough to destroy the movie. I've seen worse science in some of the Star Trek films. I wish they had budgeted enough for a more plausible future; going to Sam's and playing 2016 Yamaha keyboards probably bugged me more than anything else There's some nice camera-work and a sweeping score. The ending is good enough - satisfying but not too cheesy. The two kids bring you into the story. Get off your high horse and enjoy it.
8 My first reaction part way through the first episode of this show was instinctive dislike. For me the TV exec's showed anything but good instincts in developing this series. Instinct is an odd discordant blend of any serial killer series meets "Murder She Wrote". If that sounds horrible, that's because it is. Alan Cummings takes the place of Angela Landsbury as the dapper academic sleuth, Dr. Dylan Reinhart . The concept of cold calculated serial killer is like an ice cube in the warm cup of tea Cummings character represents. Its very much at odds with the polite upbeat kind of one off crimes found in series like Murder She Wrote and Miss Marple. Worse still, the lack of chemistry between the key characters is obvious. Not surprising really as the whole concept is off balance.Suffice to say some formula's work and others do not. 5/10 from me.
8 Damien Leone set out to make a gore-show, exploitation horror experience with Terrifier, and it's there on the screen in full splendor. This is a filmmaker who has no pretensions in the slightest about what he's doing - I was reminded of this in particular since a trailer for the upcoming Jigsaw, the *eighth Saw film which may or may not be a reboot or at least is a sequel, point is that's a gore-show that thinks it's meaning something when it isn't - and loves the genre. This may not mean Terrifier has much to *say* exactly, but why carp? Sometimes a horror movie can be about the simple things in life, like a silent, homicidal/maniacal clown in black lipstick sawing a young naked woman hanging upside down in half... starting from her privates.Another key thing is how much David Thornton brings to this performance (in his feature debut). Good holy crap is he good in this! This is an actor fully committed to playing sadistic, twisted, mean, and yet he's having a blast being this character. Again, he doesn't have a word of dialog - one might want to say there's Mime going on, but that's not entirely true, he just doesn't speak - and yet he doesn't need to speak. It makes it outside of the stuff we usually get with clown characters in horror, even with Pennywise. What would "Art the Clown" have to say anyway? "Hoo-hoo, ha-ha, I'm going to cut off your head and kick it like a football down this grungy cellar hallway?" There's also nothing at all we know about him either, except that he's killed before and, presumably (spoiler? I don't know) may kill again.And lastly the gore is fantastic; Leone loves his practical effects, and all of the bodies are really BODIES, and you can tell watching it. There's no s*** CGI or bad/fake blood, and it also doesn't skimp on the violence like modern horror sometimes does in the name of appealing to "all audiences" with a PG-13. This may be going in a massive way in the other direction, to the point where if it's not laughable it's gross. But maybe I needed gross horror tonight, or on a certain night that's rainy and miserable and all that. At the same time Leone subverts conventions here and there, characters you think won't bite it do, and there's some creative color grading to make it more grungy and filthy.Will it stay with me or will I revisit it many times like a Texas Chainsaw Massacre or Return of the Living Dead? Probably not. But it did the job well it set out to do, and it didn't do *stupid* things. It kept to what it knew it could pull off and as far as movies involving maniac clowns offing drunk girls and bug exterminators on Halloween night... you could do a lot worse I'm sure!
8 "El Secreto de sus Ojos" hit me with unspeakable strength. I didn't expect to like it so much, so I owe a review to those in analysis measures before seeing it or those interested in some opinion.First off, Campanella works with flawless effort all of the technical aspects of the film. It even starts with a double exposure effect, mixed with some sad shots of a beautiful Buenos Aires that hints the spectacle ahead of us. One shot especially, from a chopper in a soccer field edited with a crane shot is breathtaking. Nothing to envy from Hollywood upper class.But the main strength of the movie comes from the powerful narrative dominion Director Campanella has over characters, spaces and silences. Many moments are coldly tense, scary and very, very intense. This crossover from genres by Campanella couldn't have been better. Crime stories often fall in common places, this one relies on the fragile psychological state of the audience to draw all of it's intense dialog, acting and scenes.I cannot stop recommending it, Argentina can open it's market with movies such as this. It has many, many memorable moments, it interwines comedy perfectly and it is doubtful you will instantly forget it, as it is so well constructed. See it if you can!
8 I don't think I've smiled so broadly after watching a non-comedy for ages. Sadly, I don't think this is going to set the box-office alight (due to the lack of a bankable star) but it surely lit up my world and I'm going to recommend it to everyone.A man (Naseeruddin Shah) calls up the police HQ, speaks to the Comissioner of Police (Anupam Kher) and advises him that he has planted 5 bombs across Mumbai and will detonate them until his demands are met. The only demand he makes is that four known terrorists are gathered together. All the cops, their intelligence, the Chief Minister etc are not able to trace this person or get any information about him. What does he do next ? Who will win, this unknown person or the wily commissioner, who has all the resources of the state at his disposal ? The movie doesn't really start till about the fortieth minute mark, just plods along till then. But then once it begins, it manages to keep the tension alive very nicely. I haven't seen too many Hindi movies with a central control room or a good cop and bad cop routine (ably played by Aamir and Jimmy respectively) and this one pulls off both quite nicely. Also, it thankfully remains focused on the plot and doesn't deviate for any item songs or normal songs or romantic interludes. There are several nice touches as well  the CM's exclamation, 'He Parmeswara', when informed about the crisis. The whole 'Electric Baba' thing. Or the way the terrorists identify themselves to Naseer (will let you find that out for yourself) or the way the director litters a few red herrings around. Great acting by everyone, great editing and camera work and very well put together.I've had similar thoughts as the film's lead character a few times. Maybe not as drastic but getting there, give me time, this film has merely watered a germinating seed. I would love to talk more, expound on what I'm feeling but am forcing myself to desist. This is one of the pleasures of being a reviewer, the ability to introduce a rare, hidden gem to the audience. Please see it before you find out how it ends. For more on other reviews please visit Apurvbollywood at blogspot. Thanks
8 This movie strips the reality of it all back at just the right amount as to not spoil the plot too much but still strike enough of a chord if you've got any personal connection to the game, fantastic watch and very moving
8 This is going to be my first review, I reopened my account just for this. I must say that I am disgusted by the terrible message this movie gives off for young insecure and impressionable people. I had a really nice time with the movie for a while, but only because I could relate heavily to the slightly pessimistic lone wolf troll called Branch. It was such a nice breath of fresh air to see a character not being "perfect" according to society's norms these days. Branch is a loner who seems to be at his best when enjoying his own company, he is organized and he has made an effort to stockpile resources for the future years, while all the other trolls just partied and socialized until it became their downfall. This movie is an introvert's nightmare. It quickly becomes clear they wanted to portray that it is not okay for branch to not want to party and socialize all the time, he is presented as weird and none of the other trolls really want to interact with Branch because he is not like them. I wanted to be sick, when I realized that Branch had to have a tragic background story to be the cause of his "terrible and wrong" personality. People are not all the same. There are optimists and pessimists, extroverts and introverts, good days and bad days. Portraying that the only right way to be, is to be outgoing, social, physical and to party all day long, could easily make kids feel even more pressure to be perfect according to society. Like there isn't enough pressure from the rest of the entertainment industry on kids already. Kids are already bombarded through music lyrics and videos and through social media. This movie should have celebrated diversity and realized that there are many ways to be happy and to enjoy life. Beside the message that diversity is wrong and that you all must be mindless indoctrinated dancing candy floss puppets, the movie had an extremely weak plot. The unhappy Bergen want to eat the trolls in order to find happiness (very not so subtle metaphor for us that antidepressants and other addictive substances are bad for you and wont give you true happiness, as we know, dancing singing and socializing is the only way for one to achieve that), trolls get snatched and brought to Bergen town cause of their careless nature. Remaining trolls eat all of Branch's stockpile of food in his secret bunker and do nothing. Branch and Poppy go to Bergen town and rescue the kidnapped trolls and of course implement their propaganda upon the inhabitants, freeing them from their chains of despair through dancing. Oh, and Branch becomes like all the other trolls – "One of us, one of us, one of us", *creepy brainwashed stare*I would recommend The Lion King if you want to learn a thing or two about life, and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs if you enjoy movies containing characters with different personalities (Doc, Grumpy, Happy, Sleepy, Bashful, Sneezy, and Dopey).2/10 for the visuals.
8 Ang Lee's "Hulk", at two years after.Perusing the negative reviews of the film collected at the Rotten Tomatoes site, I'm stricken by the degree to which the negativity directed at it by allegedly professional film critics is based upon the fact that it dashed (rather than living up to) their rather low expectations for it. The assumptions underlying so many of the criticisms are that the film is supposed to be a brainless "summer blockbuster," but isn't. Another variation: that it's a film based upon a comic book, and that all such projects are supposed to be mindless rubbish for dazzling bumpkins (To those of us with some genuine knowledge of the field, this variant is particularly entertaining in that it's inevitably accompanied by a string of authoritative assertions regarding comics which demonstrate only the offended critics' abysmal ignorance of the medium). "Hulk," it seems, doesn't know its place; it commits the sin of aiming for something more than mediocrity. In a sense, this is a testament to the film's quality. It clearly doesn't cater to such low expectations.Criticism of the film's CGI--a more common one at places like IMDb where there's far less pretense that a poster actually has anything of value to say--can be set aside as the superficial whining it is. In spite of what so many "summer blockbuster" fans seem to think, special effects aren't a story; they're just a means of telling one. The CGI in "Hulk" is competent. Beyond that, it doesn't matter.Likewise the vacuous "it's boring" complaint. Modern viewers with no attention span be advised up front that you will find "Hulk" challenging, and would be better served by spending your "entertainment" budget on trash like "The Phantom Menace" and "The Day After Tomorrow," and leaving the real movies to the adults.I don't insist that a fan of typical Hollywood summer fare actually offer some rational critique of the picture--I'm not a cruel man. I do, however, insist that, for anyone who expects to be taken seriously, "Hulk" must be accepted or rejected for what it really is. For my part, I think it's a misunderstood minor masterpiece, a film in the vein of "Blade Runner", "Excalibur," and "Once Upon A Time In The West"--all generally snubbed in their day, all now just as generally hailed as classics. I'd like to think I live in a society where this is the fate that one day awaits "Hulk"; it certainly deserves it. Time will tell, I suppose.
8 Yes, it's true.  The entire movie is based on a gimmick.  However, I honestly feel that this does not cheapen the picture in the slightest bit. I loved every scene; discovering information as our lead character discovered it. It demands a second and third viewing, as there are many subtleties and quick flashes that may not be picked up on the first time around.  Its one of the most original films ever made, and for people who scoff at the concept of not having a short-term memory, it actually is a real condition. Watch this movie. And, please pay attention. The performances are wonderful, and its structured magnificently.
8 Batman Begins is a well told story of the origin of Bruce Wayne/Batman (Christian Bale). It covers a lot of the same ground as Michael Keaton's original Batman, but goes much further in depth in many factors of his creation. It goes into great detail about subjects such as how he got his costume, what exactly it is. Same goes with the Batmobile. We also find out why he chose to be bat-like.One of the more interesting aspects here is how it shows Bruce's father, Thomas Wayne (Linus Roache), and how he molded Bruce's life and instilled good judgment within him, a point which is misunderstood about him by most people he comes in contact with. Thomas, too, teaches Bruce valuable lesson, such as "We fall so we can learn to pick ourselves up". This is pretty close to the theme of the movie or motto Bruce Wayne lives by. The resemblance of the father & son is pretty good, too.I also thoroughly enjoyed the training Bruce Wayne endured becoming "invincible". Bruce is trained by Ducard (Liam Neeson) in many ways like a ninja (The concept of Batman IS similar to a ninja). He is taught many valuable lessons in this temple and is shown no mercy. Eventually, we even see his first real enemy as a superhero/vigilante.Although I am not positive as to how true to the comic book this movie is, I am sure it took a few liberties, as did Spider-Man. Most of the small examples I have noticed are for the better and make for a good story. The Batmobile is more believable as an expensive armored vehicle that the military would not spend the money on than a juiced up Corvette (or whatever that was). Same with the Batsuit.Katie Holmes is excellent as Rachel Dawes, a D.A. who is not afraid to go after the big villains in court. Also worthy of mentioning is Michael Caine as Alfred the butler. I do not believe they could have found a better man for that role, although I could not get the image of Caine as Austin Powers' dad out of my head when he was on screen.Finally, in my opinion, Christian Bale makes a much better Batman than the three recent previous ones in Michael Keaton, Val Kilmer and George Clooney. Something about him makes Batman darker and more mysterious. Hopefully, DC Comics and movies have learned from their mistakes and we will not have to worry about Batman picking up a sidekick in this newest installment of the Batman series. 9/10
8 Jupiter Ascending, quite literally, is one of the most beautiful movies I have ever seen. The visual effects and CGI were top notch; nothing looked unfinished. Everything from explosions and action scenes, to space ships and settings, this movie had all the "eye candy" one could want. The fighting sequences were executed perfectly; each one thrilling in its own way. Each singular planet or world was so stunning and precisely crafted, that one could almost feel themselves in it. The Wachowskis have made a truly gorgeous universe in their latest movie. Michael Giacchino's music fits each scene very nicely whether it is a fast paced chase scene, or a quiet and thoughtful scene. It has a mysterious and almost hollow beauty to it, which fits this movie perfectly.Alas, not everything in this movie is as good as the visuals. Channing Tatum and Mila Kunis give surprisingly good performances for the most part but some of their acting is just off. The other principal actors give good performances as well but all the acting could have been taken a notch higher. Story and Plot is where this movie is weakest though. It has so much ambition and intricacy that it is to much to fit in a two hour long movie. Even though two hours is a good length, the plot just wants to keep on going and therefor the loose ends are never quite tied up. The plot is never really explained to its entirety and while one can figure out the general idea, it is hard to go deep into it. It has huge potential but rather than using it, it discards it. I give it credit for being fairly original though, and not a sequel, reboot, or based of a graphic novel or book. Originality is a great thing and the Wachowskis do it best. Overall Jupiter Ascending lacked plot depth and great acting abilities, but it won it all back with groundbreaking visuals. Even though many more big movies are coming out in 2015, this one would be one of the best for all we know. It may not be everyone's piece of cake, but it sure is a fun sci-fi adventure that shouldn't be forgotten.
8 I'm surprised this move is not higher rated. I think its one of the best science fiction/monster movies to come out in some time.Awesome special effects in this one, with nice designs for the monsters and the alien ships and tech. The movie is creatively shot and I like how focused the plot was on the few main characters. A wonderful sense of doom pervades the whole film, with no cheap typical Hollywood miraculous escapes or happy endings. It was refreshing to see a movie focus on a grim and frightening reality of an unstoppable alien invasion without the typical cheesy silliness of movies like say, "Independence Day".Maybe people don't like it because of its pessimistic and unrelenting dismal tone, but I appreciate a director who steadfastly focuses on this aspect of hopelessness in the face of a vastly superior advanced alien force and it makes sense and feels real because of this decision.Another thing I enjoyed was how the movie at first seemed like it was going to be a shallow, typical Hollywood movie focused on young attractive people who like to party but then the movie shifted gears abruptly to a deadly serious tone which it then kept until the end, which I very much liked, how it faked me out in this way.Would love to see a sequel and I think the movie hints strongly that the story is not done.
8 I'm pretty sure the name "Not Another Teen Movie" is meant ironically, since the entire film is ironic, or at least tries to be. This flick contains an absolute gaggle of d*ck jokes, so if that's what you're looking for, you're home. Occasionally, something semi-clever surfaces, like using the white dude who acts Chinese to lampoon how dumb white kids look when they try to act black. That really amused me.Other than that, it's a steady diet of low-brow humor. "NATN" contains parodies of countless teen movies from the last 20 years. Sometimes, they're actually funny, but other times, all they've done is recreate an old movie scene and hope you laugh from the nostalgia. So, if dirty jokes and half-baked send-ups leave you in stitches, you'll like this movie. If not, you won't.
8 After watching all these magnificent grand finale of light-vs-dark showdowns (Potter, Twilight, Narnia, just to name the most obvious) one would expect more of the same in "Creatures" (well, maybe not as many head ripped directly off the necks). I acknowledge, and agree, that it is too early to talk about grand finales. But even for the first of what hopefully (I like this one) a developing franchise, the climatic confrontation is of a very different nature. We don't even see what really constitutes light and dark. The confrontation is in the form of the two sides' rivalry claim of affinity on a much coveted object: a girl on her sixteenth birthday. Let me back up.In a nicely paced narrative with VO of protagonist Ethan Wate (Alden Ehrenreich), the story unfolds as he is attracted to mysterious classmate Lena Duchannes (Alice Englert), a sort of gender-reversed Bella Swan-Edward Cullen plot line. Instead of vampires, we have witches, or a gender-neutral and classier name they prefer: Casters (of what, you ask?). Both targets of minority discrimination, Edward Cullen generates fear while Lena Duchannes is more along the line of a victim (despite her supernatural power, often uncontrollable, to hit back). Set in the stage of this narrow-minded fictional town Gatlin, South Carolina, the drama that develops is founded on two key plot elements: the teenage love story and the aforementioned reckoning on Lena's sixteenth birthday, and the crucial interplay between them. While Lena's own nature appears to lean towards the light, it is by no means certain that she can avoid the fate of becoming a dark Caster upon turning sixteen, and her love with a mortal may become the undoing of her. It all goes back to the Civil War when an ancestor Genevieve Duchannes breaks the Casters' law by using her power to bring a mortal lover back to life. This is all the logical detail that needs to support the plot, if you ask me. To make things simple, therefore, I would just say that to minimize the risk of Lena turning dark on that fateful birthday, she should end her love with Ethan. They both know it. She is agonized, torn apart internally. He never waver one iota, firmly believing that lover conquers all.Now to the other players. Lena's relatives who live in the same Gothic house with her are all supportive of her taking the path of light, led by uncle Macon Ravenwood. While they are not entirely unsympathetic to Ethan, they see no solution other than his leaving her alone. Her mother Sarafine who had died (but here, death takes a difference meaning that we mortals cannot understand) comes back through the delicate art of possessing a human object, in this case, narrow-mindedness personified, one Mrs. Lincoln (Emma Thompson), pillar of the Gatlin community. Then, driving into town in a blood-red convertible, turning every head in the species in the opposite sex wherever she goes, is Ridley Duchannes (Emmy Rossum), a cousin who was once closer than a sister but claimed by the dark side when she turned sixteen. These two women, obviously, represent forces sworn to lead Lena along the path they themselves have taken. Last but not least, on Ethan's side, is nanny Amma (Viola Davis), a seer who has power to match those of Macon who, incidentally, has once been very close to Ethan's now deceased mother and might have been a serious contender for her love if he were not a Caster himself. While I have related these somewhat involved background relationships in a plain, analytical manner, they actually unfold in the movie in a much more interesting way. The encounter of Amma and Macon, for example, invokes tension that spell a clash of animosity and affinity. Ridley, when she first appeared in that glossy red convertible, would be mistaken for Sarafine as the movie makers intentionally misleads the audience. That, until Sarafine appears abruptly in a confrontation with Macon, in a scene of delightful montages. How everything gets finally resolved is, quite predictably, left with a twist which, however, is itself not quite easily predictable. Unlike all these other movies mentioned, the vacuum left by which it tries to fill, "Creatures" does not indulge in overblown GCI-supported epic clashes. There are only two such scenes (just the right number, one in the middle and one at the end) which are both excellent, visually appealing and emotionally exciting. This appeal of movie is built on interesting development of a sensible story and, most of all, on an excellent cast.Choosing two not-so-familiar faces for the main protagonists, economic reason as cited by some critic aside, introduces a breath of freshness, provided that the choices are wisely made. They are. Alden Ehrenreich and Alice Englert have such easy sincerity for their characters and such pleasing chemistry between them that they have the audience rooting for them in no time at all. Irons brings his usual inimitable presence, as does Davis. But it's the two bad girls that make this movie an almost must-see. Rossem is brilliant, with not a trace of the heart-melting belles in "Phantom" or "Day after tomorrow". But the top prize goes to Thompson. She is having a hell of a fun time playing Sarafine, and you would too, watching her.
8 Paul Rudd was fantastic and even the amazing world building and the stunning visuals fall short in front of his performance. The plot was ok and the narrative was engaging but I think I kind of get why many won't like this. I think this would appeal to those who would like a mix of Refn and cyberpunk but both toned down.
8 I really enjoyed this film because of its realism.  The seamy and unclean underside of "Hollywood" is given flesh and blood by both William Holden in his calculating manipulation and Gloria Swanson by her cold, grasping desperation.  The technique of telling the story from the viewpoint of William Holden's character, who has already paid the price of his cynicism and greed, was so effective as to be priceless.  What was best, for me however, was the sympathy that both the lead characters managed to evoke in spite of their obvious and outrageous flaws.  What could be more realistic, pitiful, but superbly tragic than the butler writing phony fan letters to his faded star employer?  The fact that Sunset Boulevard was filmed in black and white I believe added to the power of the acting and the effectiveness of the narrative in the sense that it lent a grimy aspect to what was truly a dirty little story of personal failure. I also believe that because it was in black and white, I was never distracted by the scenery or the beauty of the sets and I was able to concentrate on the central aspects of the acting of William Holden and Gloria Swanson and the story they were portraying. This was one of the greatest movies of all time!
8 I enjoyed the pilot, despite the changes I really liked the pilot. So many other people are complaining about changes made to the TV show but guess what? They said ahead that there were going to be changes so many other people should have anticipated these changes. And apparently they did not, even though they claim otherwise. Yes, spoiler alert, they did change Clary's age, Luke's occupation and other minor stuff like that. Plus they have to make changes to appeal to everybody, not just book readers which I am. So really most of the changes are small, it's still following the same storyline so I think people need to chill out and realize that there were going to be changes anyway. And people are also complaining about the acting. Look, I'll be the first to admit that no one is going to win any Oscars or golden globes here but let's remember that about 60% of the cast is not very experienced. They are extremely new actors and it does show but I would not call it horrible, maybe shaky at some parts but overall I thought it was decent and I've seen much worse before believe me. And now for my final complaint: the ignorant people that are comparing this to twilight, calling it another twilight, and someone even saying that it was twilight fan fiction??? First of all TMI is WAY different from twilight, don't know where these certain people are getting that from. Second of all, I believe that TMI is WAY better than freaking Twilight. What, it's similar because it has romance in it and because there are vampires in it? Oh okay so every book, movie, or TV show that has romance and vampires is a twilight ripoff right? Get out of here with that. The vampires here DO NOT sparkle, in fact they burn if the sun touches them, and the romance? It's way more fleshed out and way more organic that the twilight romance, I can tell you that. So really I think people need to calm down and accept the changes. Plus, this is a pilot people, pilots are not always the best, sometimes they aren't very good and even though I thought the pilot was decent that still may have been the case here. Give the show a shot, don't just give up after the first episode because it could very well get better as the actors will have time to grow into their characters and maybe all of the people moaning and complaining will adapt to the changes. Believe me I HATE when I read a book that I really like and the adaption is no where near like the book but I don't feel like they changed so much here to warrant so much complaining.
8 I don't understand the negative reviews!! I suppose people think that it should be funnier because it's Amy Schumer, but humor is not the main point of the film. It is called I Feel Pretty for a reason. I loved that they didn't physically change her body when she thought she was 'beautiful', they changed her mindset. And I think that sends a strong message, and that is something that I need to do myself honestly. The film was touching, funny, and motivating; I would definitely recommend this movie.
8 A few years ago I would have tossed this film into a collection of movies I like to call the rubbish pile. Recently, however, I have forced myself, with great difficulty, to open my mind and look at the entire picture. Instead of focusing on one or two aspects of the movie I do not like and formulating a biased opinion based on my hasty and clouded notions, I can now decipher both the good and bad points of a given flick. Upon watching Princess Mononoke, I must say I first thought it would be very difficult to look past the animation style and see it for what it was- a dynamic film directed be the highly acclaimed Hayao Miyazaki. After about ten minutes of dwelling on the follies (and there are, in my opinion, many) of the "anime" style of art, I became enthralled with the quickly unfolding plot and the subsequently dire fate bestowed upon Ashitaka, the protagonist of the film. After Ashitaka leaves his village to search for a treatment to remedy his affliction, I no longer cared that this was an animated feature; I was on the edge of my seat, wondering what would happen next. I no longer disliked that every character had abnormally large eyes (though not over-sized to the point of utter absurdity) or that the English overdubbing was a little choppy. In fact, I even began to enjoy the accomplished yet subtle computer generated effects interspersed throughout. By the last half hour I was hooked to the screen, eagerly awaiting the conclusion I wanted so badly to end the bitter conflict of the plot. By the end, I realized that this movie carried a powerful moral with it: man's continuous tampering with nature brings about as much savagery as it does progress, as much suffering as it does good, and that a sound compromise must be struck between nature and civilization. I do not harbor any negative feelings towards those who rated this movie poorly, as I used to be one of those people. All I have to say to them is this: look at a both the visual and symbolic attributes of a movie before rating it harshly. If, after observing all these features and idiosyncrasies, you still wholeheartedly hate the film, then by all means give it a one. After all, what would the world be like if we were all did not criticize or question our surroundings?
8 If so, boy oh boy, you are in for a treat! This movie has it all- predictable plot, one-dimensional characters (the main one didn't have one redeeming characteristic!), and a plot that seemed to want to be good but just couldn't manage to do so. The thing that made the last film great was the mystique of the antagonists, contrasted against the seemingly wholesome protagonists.This film, while it did have some great 80's tunes (thanks, I guess, for the flashback and for reminding me that I am old), did not have any of the elements that made the preceding film so fantastic and memorable.This film was predictable and seemed to subscribe to the basic elements that are required for a film to be categorized in the Horror genre. It was not original, in any way. There were no unpredictable surprises. Long story short, if you feel like wasting movie ticket money, enjoy a predictable plot, and like watching a movie with a bunch of strangers, run -don't walk- to the nearest theater.
8 When I was a child, I used to walk out of movies all the time with chills and a sense of awe and wonder, thinking that was the best movie I had ever seen. However, that's because I WAS a child and at the time, any movie was automatically on that list.It has been a LONG time since I had that feeling. Usually, I now walk out of the theater saying "Yeah, that was a great movie, but it's not one of the best I have ever seen.""RUSH" was different. When I walked out of that movie, I had those chills and that sense of awe and wonder again. Not only did that movie have me at the edge of my seat at every turn like a good racing movie should, but I can safely say that that movie had the best cinematography that I have ever seen in any film. More often than not, I was sitting there thinking "Holy s**t, how did they get a shot like that??" To this day, when I think about that movie, I still ask myself that question. I would not be surprised in the least if this movie wins the Academy Award for Best Cinematography.
8 Every so often,a film comes along that resets the standard for it's genre.Die Hard did just that very thing for action films.Any film that inspires copycats and wannabes really does it's job well.Bruce Willis made a very successful transition from the small screen to the big screen as the everyday Joe forced into being the hero.This film has all the necessary ingredients to qualify it as a great action film.All you have to do is see it for yourself.Particularly well done is the performance of Alan Rickman as the chief villain,Hans Gruber.You can come up with good arguments for many action films as to which is the best all time,and this one is no exception.Well done.
8 I was pleasantly surprised how good this movie really is. I tend to like disaster movies so I may have given it extra stars than some. I gave it a strong 8 for the story line and the special effects. At times there were cheesy scenes but that is just the nature of the beast. Hollywood does it's best making these style movies as real as possible. Looking back at Volcano and Dante's Peak even those were done well for their time. It was nice to see Ed Harris and Andy Garcia in a movie too, seems like these guys take big breaks between movies. So without going on and on I recommend this movie for disaster buffs like myself.
8 I was getting pretty sick of those jump-scare-there's-something-lurking-in-a-dark-corner style movies like Insidious and the Conjuring. And Guillermo Del Toro must have thought the same thing because Crimson Peak is a gorgeous looking Gothic style movie with awesomely designed sets which have an incredible amount of detail to them. This adds a great dark and brooding atmosphere to the film and alleviates the need for these aforementioned jump scares. The story is well written and has great characters played by Mia Wasikowska, Tom Hiddleston and other well cast actors. Unfortunately it got only moderate critical reviews and was also somewhat ignored by the audience in favor of Goosebumps no less. Damn kids, they ruin everything! wink emoticonBut it might get a second life in the video circuit as people might still discover this very enjoyable movie. Big thumbs up for me!
8 Like most Y&R fans, I started watching with my mom and Grams. It was and still is a family tradition (one that's actually fun!). It's the most realistic (well as realistic as a soap opera can be) soap on television. It's dramatic and entertaining. The Abbott v. Newman conflict is a tradition within the show that never fails to disappoint and is a good constant. The writers are careful not to fall into traps that other soaps do by having plots be too outlandish. The writing and the acting are superb. Eric Braeden and Peter Bergman as Victor Newman and Jack Abbott, respectively, are classic enemies. My favorite characters Phyllis Summers-Newman and Michael Baldwin (portrayed by the utterly fabulous Michelle Stafford and Christian LeBlanc) are deliciously villainous and incredible to watch. All in all, Y&R is a bright spot in the increasingly ridiculous world of daytime TV (I used to watch Passions, B&B and ATWT and they all pale in comparison).Give it a go and you won't regret it.
8 Beerfest is very similar to other films done by Jay Chandrasekhar. Its an adult comedy thats keeps you laughing throughout a large part of the film. The basics behind a movie is that two brothers decide to travel to Germany for Oktoberfest. On arrival they discover a secret competition that takes place called Beerfest. They return home to assemble a team that will compete in Beerfest to participate to defend the rights to the ownership of their grandfathers brewery. This film has a cast of humorous characters, including Jay Chandrasekhar, Paul Soter, Erik Stolhanske, and Kevin Heffernan. When watching the movie I didn't notice any goofs, but from what I have read, often time the level of beer in mugs changes with different camera angles. Overall a good movie that finds ways to make you laugh.
8 A man has an inner drive that makes him peculiar and intense. He goes to the desert and falls in love with it and its people. Gaining powerful sponsors, he has a grand vision that he accomplishes by inspiring and directing thousands. But in a very short time, that grand work is compromised and disassembled by fat cats in offices who are concerned with different values.True of both Lawrence and Lean. The legacy of Lawrence is still in violent disarray (I write this a short time after the Sept 11 attacks on New York). But Lean's vision was saved, and what a vision! Of this picture, it can be said that it is perfect if only because it is so visionary that it defines its own rules.Lean's vision is also lean, with vast zones of sonic and visual silence -- several meditations on the unperceived. Though there is a story (who are you?) this is really a film of TE's 'Seven Pillars,' which creates a romantic vision of sculpted natural forces. So powerful a depiction that Islam experienced a faddish attraction in the West, a place now enjoyed by Tibetan Buddhism. That was before.See here the original Obiwan, every intonation, movement and dress. See here Peter O'Toole's personality become completely entwined with the character, who is as fictionalized by our eye as by Lowell's. See the most expressive, anthropomorphic train wreck in history.Watch a particularly interesting brand of acting by the 'Arabs.' Macho men are acting anyway, so an actor can play an actor when he lands such a role.The star of the film is the clever eye of God, not the clockmaker or judge of the west but the chess player of the mirage. Its face is clearest in my mind when the Turk holds TE down for torture and smiles. Its hand in the creaking of Feisal's tent -- who would ever imagine the wind acting? (Kurosawa's 'Ran' at the beginning is the only other example I know.)I have a few films I admire for various. mostly intellectual qualities. But in the direct matter of visual storytelling, this one tops my list.
8 The name of the film always put me off watching it. Ever so glad i was convinced in to it. Only the fact that there is so much bad language and for Titanic being released in the same year this would have swept the boards in the Oscars!I hate Robin Williams as a comedian, but i was in tears after watching his timeless performance. I love most of the classic movies but this is definitely the best film i have ever seenMat Damon played a great part, showing the full spectrum of emotions in his role.I've ever gone out and bought the soundtrack to the film, i've watched it half a dozen times and always go right through to the final credits.Pure brilliance!
8 I didn't go into this movie expecting much – certainly not amazing space shots, or extraordinary visual artistry – but I was absolutely taken with this film. Asa Butterfield stole my heart away in the film Hugo and in this picture, he is once again ideally cast. He is wonderful as Gardner Elliot, the first baby born on Mars, trying to find himself, love, and what earth is all about. Carla Gugino as 'the best mother he never had' is also perfectly cast. I was impressed, also, by Gary Oldman. Britt Robertson as Tulsa, the street smart kid Gardner connects with on earth is okay, but why is it that every time I look at her I see a young Renee Zellweger before she had her face totally redone and became somebody else? I think it's maybe the mouth, not sure, but I kept seeing Zellweger anyway. Not that she didn't do a good job, because she did. Perhaps a bit over the top on occasion, but that's likely due to her script more than anything. All in all, this is a beautiful story. And I was surprised to see places here on earth with a new eye – "What's your most favorite part about Earth?" – and the beauty of it all. The sensory overload in Las Vegas was absolutely believable and fitting. I really did enjoy this movie and will likely buy it when it comes out in DVD. I liked it that much.
8 It has been nearly 5 years since I went and saw a movie first day first show in the theatres. But such was the level of anticipation with "gangs of wasseypur" that I found myself standing in front of the ticket counter at quarter to nine. The movie, which is 160 minutes long, starts with a shoot-them-up which may be the most authentic shoot-to-kill scene in Hindi cinema. The movie tells the story of rivalries between different sects of Muslims: the butchers, Qureshis, and the Pathans, Khans and extend over a period of three generations. The story starts from the pre- independence era when the British owned the mines in Dhanbad. After independence, these mines pass on to the wealthy landlord who hires an exiled Pathan to act as his strongman. The pathan, the father of Sardar Khan (Manoj Vajpayee) has been kicked out of his village, Wasseypur, after a confrontation with the local musclemen, the Qureshis, and is now forced to work in the mines of Dhanbad. He starts becoming too big for his shoes and is bumped off by the landlord thus beginning a series of killings and counter-killings. The acting by the "star" cast is stunning with Manoj Vajpayee leading the pack in as good as a performance as "Bheeku Mahatre" in Satya. When he stares lustfully at the back side of Reema Sen (here resurrected after being in the wilderness for nearly half a dozen years), you can feel the lust as a physical thing. He is backed by a very strong ensemble cast. The real strength of the movie is its dialogues. The words, replete with the choicest of abuses, feel as if they were wiretapped. The conversation rings true to life and had me laughing at the sheer vulgarity of it. The patois is captured very faithfully. The only negative point about the movie is its length which could have been edited somewhat in the second half when the third generation takes up (like the long Godfather III, if you may). Anurag Kashyap has put his soul into the movie and that is visible from every frame of the movie. The direction is the best I have seen this year in Hindi cinema and will only increase the expectations from the second part of this opus. And that is why I am jealous of the lucky bastards at the Cannes film festival who got to see both the parts back to back. The movie ends at a tantalizing junction and the prospect of meeting with these barely lovable characters for a second outing left me salivating.
8 Well, I liked it. It's not perfect, but I did find it fun even if every joke wasn't laugh-out-loud. I'd consider buying it. The first third before the death is the least funny part. The weakest jokes dominate this segment. Also, the character traits and their paths are all obvious, I admit this. But after it hits the fan, things get crazy. Things get increasingly insane throughout. Watching the characters panic and act weird was entertaining. As always, Kate McKinnon steals the show as the oddest one.
8 A random and encounter has led Solomon Northup from living freely in New York to being kidnapped and sold into slavery in Louisiana, getting handed over to various slave owners. There, Solomon witnesses numerous acts of cruelty that no man should ever face.As I stared at the movie screen with full dread, I was reeling back at certain scenes I had just witnessed. There were good films and television shows about slavery before, and they had various nuances at how to tackle slavery. This film is part of said resurgence of the sub- genre, hot on the heels of "Django Unchained" and "The Butler". But while the former relinquishes on Spaghetti Western entertainment more than attempting to address the issue in a political light as the latter, Steve McQueen's "12 Years a Slave" shuts those two up, and perhaps the entire sub-genre, for good. I doubt any future slavery-themed film will be as harrowing as this one was.Steve McQueen is a fearless filmmaker, continuing his streak of unfiltered brutality within human depths. He frames his actors' faces in extreme close-up, the eyes staring into despair, the nostrils fuming in aggression. Naked flesh are shown not because of erotic content, but rather because of desperation and futility. Long takes and wide shots are not uncommon in his films, and here they showcase a plethora of fantastic scenes and performances that work to discomfort the viewer as much as possible. McQueen doesn't just allow the audience to tackle slavery, he guts the audience and leaves them for the consequences. This is an extremely uncomfortable film to watch. Beautifully shot locations are placeholders for unsettling sequences before and after, contemplated by Hans Zimmer's poignant and at times horrifying score. This all works to create a nightmarish time and place where hell walks on Earth.Central to all of this is the performance of Chiwetel Ejiofor as Solomon. Ejiofor showcases that he is a natural force to be reckoned with in this film, after a decade of mostly supporting characters. He spaces out in despair as the camera lingers onto him for solid minutes, not a word spoken. Another sequence shows him mourning the death of a fellow worker, in which the singing of the surrounding group compels him and shakes him down to tears. These scenes follow earlier ones where he is a classy, free man in the upper states, mingling happily with the crowd and partaking in fanciful music sessions. It is a tour-de-force performance.A fine ensemble of established and up-and-coming actors surround Ejiofor in his limelight - Paul Dano, Paul Giammati, Alfre Woodard, Sarah Paulson, even Brad Pitt and Benedict Cumberbatch, but none so ferociously as McQueen regular Michael Fassbender as the despicable, sadistic plantation owner Edwin Epps. So excellent and terrifying is Fassbender's portrayal of such a merciless and barbaric person, that the mere sight of him will either cause audience members unfamiliar to him to flinch.I was left speechless as the credits rolled. A lesser film would have added tacked-on sentimentality/exaggeration and politically influenced claptrap. Not this one. This is a movie to watch as a reminder of how powerful the human spirit can endeavor, and how lucky all of us have grown past that dreadful time in history. The full effect of it has not been felt in movies before, until now.
8 This movie is not bad, I was skeptical at first because of the low reviews and score....but it was better than I expected it to be. There's good action, special effects and good acting. Not even close to your typical low budget crap.
8 Oldboy is a remake or reimagination of the 2003 korean movie Oldeuboi. This new version has been badgered by both critics and viewers as a poor, shallow remake, that soils the memory of the original. I disagree. This one was great. The premise is the same as Oldeuboi, a man gets impriosoned for 20 years without knowing why, and when he gets out he seeks out vengeance. But its not that linear. The story is filled with mysteries, and keeps making the viewer asking questions, the same questions as the protagonist, despite him not being the most likable man. Why was he impriosioned, who did it, why was he released? Also the story is dark, twisted and leaves a bad taste in your mouth. A great story, a great mystery. The acting was very good, Josh Brolin does a very nice job, as does Sharlto Copley as the main antagonist. But the movie isn't without flaws. In my opinion the 20 years feel a little bit fast-paced, and don't feel like 20 years but maybe as 20 months. And some product placement was unnecessary. But overall great movie, unworthy of all the hate it has received. On a personal note, I have watched the original, and I liked this one very much. Everyone is comparing this one with the original, and I think that's a mistake. This is a new movie, a new take on the same premise, it has some homages to the original, and that's it. The original was brilliant, but it wasn't without flaw, and neither is this one.If you hate when someone makes a remake of a cult classic you love and you're not open to a new vision on that movie, stay away from this one. If you just love movies, and if you want to watch a great remake, a great reimagination, I think you will enjoy this very much.
8 Paint your house and watch the paint dry for more entertainment and scare yourself in the mirror if you want to be scared. This movie is sick, corny, and just plain stupid. Save your brain cells.
8 It is a truth universally acknowledged that no one really expected Pride and Prejudice and Zombies to be much good. Silly, campy fun, assuredly, but no more than an amusing trifle to mindlessly while away the passing moments. Well, anyone even fleetingly familiar with the works of Ms. Austen would know that to judge a book by its cover is exceedingly naughty, while anyone with passing knowledge of the zombie film would know that a surprising amount are replete with brains in more ways than one. Thus, Pride and Prejudice and Zombies haughtily thrusts its chin in the direction of naysayers, by boldly delivering all the silliness its title proclaims - only with the distinctly Mr. Darcy-like twist of bringing some of the best of its composite parts rather than what first impressions might suggest.For a film seemingly more akin to Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, from the director of two consecutive pieces of Zac Efron fluff,P&P&Z from its opening moments onward, for a film so intentionally campy and stupid, is surprisingly sharp and on-point. Rather than pumping the contrast between its two warring influences strictly for laughs, writer/director Burr Steers is astute enough to realize the laughs need not be forced, but come far more unreservedly by committing to the premise as sincerely as possible. If anything, the film's biggest gag is being more satisfying as an Austen adaptation than zombie flick, as there's nitpicking to be had with the film's P3-13 violence (although Steers gets as gleefully gory as he can within ratings parameters), and running/talking zombies alike. Still, the twinkling aristocratic wit of Austenian England and the weary gallows humour of an apocalyptic action flick blend surprisingly well into one another, and Steers' adaptation of Seth Grahame-Smith's loving riff taps into the meat of the story, allowing the slog of a zombie war to tease out and accentuate the key elements of Austen's satire and characterizations alike (and let's face it: social faux-pas are just so much more satisfying when underscored with cathartic flip-kicks and decapitations). The novel's most beloved moments (including a slick lampooning of the infamous 'Mr. Darcy white shirt' scene) and key lines are often paired with plucky physical sparring, amidst perfectly timed bloodbaths just when proceedings start to stray more into Pride and Prejudice than Zombies.But Steers doesn't stop there, germinating some surprisingly interesting subtext - subtle aristocratic class distinctions are determined by whether citizens receive their anti-zombie martial arts training in Japan or China, while a sliding scale of zombie sentience allows for a realm of gentrified xenophobia relatively untapped in the genre. It's a bit of a shame that such a genuinely excellent setup slides into somewhat of a disappointingly mundane finish, replete with muddy, abandoned 'Horsemen of the Apocalypse' mythology, and several subplots jumbling together in a messy and unsatisfying resolution. To see the dual climaxes of the novel's swooniness and the make-or-break mass showdown of the zombie war verge on face-planting rather than soaring is a bummer indeed. Still, Steers maintains such a confidently jaunty touch throughout, letting the ball dances lilt and the fight scenes crackle (including at least two unexpected, thunderously loud head shots which serve as riotous punchlines), that the film is almost never less than fabulously vibrant and more fun than it has any right to be.Faced with retooling one of the most iconic protagonists in literary history, Lily James' Lizzie Bennett is commendably feisty and badass enough to firmly sate fans of either genre. Though Austen-diehards might fault her controversial slight teariness (you try having to constantly fend off the undead amidst the claustrophobic constraints of polite society and not feeling a little weepy sometimes), James' steely but playful charisma makes her an ideal, genre-straddling lead. Similarly (though his 70-year-old rasp takes some acclimatizing to), Sam Riley's mournful eyes and steadfast chin lend innate depth to the enigmatically brooding Mr. Darcy, and the commanding Riley swelters and sword fights like the best of them. Jack Huston perfectly blends the debonair affability and sinister unsavoury attributes of Mr. Wickham with a passionately invested energy, while Bella Heathcote and Douglas Booth are each adorably earnest as the tale's 'other' star-crossed lovers, and Charles Dance and Sally Phillips are deliciously slyly witty and boorishly superficial as Mr. and Mrs. Bennett. Still, the film may as well have been rebranded "The Matt Smith Show," as the former Doctor is nothing short of perennially hysterical as the prissy Mr. Collins, his every utterance, every facial expression, every snobbishly prancing step a scene-stealing, belly-laugh-erupting delight, in one of the most consistently pristine comedic performances seen in years.Taking the p*ss out of historical romance and lending substance to axe-in-face escapism, Pride and Prejudice and Zombies blends the pleasures of its twain influences to a surprisingly satisfying degree. It's easily the most charming rom-zom-com since Shaun of the Dead (though, to be fair, the competition leaves something to be desired...) while a deceptively hearty Austen revamp to boot, and hugely enjoyable for audiences endeared to one, the other, or both. In fact, with such good fortune at hand, we're really only in want of one thing: bring on Sense and Sensibility and Sea Monsters, please.-7.5/10
8 While I went for the Action, Explosions and Impossible Stunts, which are all excellent by the way, the movie excellence hinged on the relationship between Dwayne Johnson and the Gorilla. Maybe it was because I wanted to, but I believed in the friendship right away and so enjoyed the movie. I was very glad that a few of the really cheesy bad lines that were in the trailers were not in the movie, I would have liked it less.Most of the lines hit really well. This was a great action sy fy flick. The monsters were great and terrifying. The people behind the big bads were good, buy not great, a little over the top, but didn't kill the movie. It is close to being a family action movie with some naughtiness coming from the ape. I highly recommend seeing it, if it seems like the type of movie that you would normally enjoy.
8 As a die-hard Saw fan I was really hyped for the eighth installment. I had high expectations. Once I watched the movie, I realized: Do I like it? When the movie was half way through I did not understand most parts, but later I found out how the plot worked and stuff. The plot twist at the end is cool (not the best) and I did not see it coming. I was kind of disappointed though when I went home. Once in bed I started puzzling all pieces together end I found out the plot was actually pretty good! I liked the movie and it was fun to watch. It is not the best Saw movie, but A lot better than Saw 7 (Saw the final chapter). If you are a big Saw fan just like me, go watch it! You will probably like it :D
8 This film is a classic in my opinion.  The story is very strongly influenced by its writer's, Sam Shepard, exploration of the human condition.  The film is not for everyone.  Wim Wenders paces the storyline accordingly to the psyche and struggle of the main character, and the concept of searching for answers to his natural state of mind by returning to the place of his conception is a well thought out and intriguing premise for this film.I have seen this film more than seven times, and love the slow pace because it allows me to be drawn into that world completely and really have the chance to get to know each character.  Recommended to anyone with an interest in psychology, cinematography, Sam Shepard's style of story-telling, and movies that walk to their own beat.  Natascha Kinski and Stanton are excellent.I give it 8 stars (9 if they would release it letterboxed on DVD)
8 Even though I didn't really like the first episode(s) I decided to give it the benefit of the doubt. Of course it's not a top rated series but for SYFY standards it actually gets pretty interesting as soon as the character roles start evolving. I wrote this since the last couple of episodes really got my attention. If you don't like series in apocalyptic settings, skip this. If you keep in mind that the budget for this was A LOT less than for the top rated series.. you might actually appreciate it. Final judgment: The acting gets better The whole 'feral vampire' thing is kind of overdone. I think more people are annoying by the stupidity (and constant growling) of the vampires. The story line gets interesting so curiosity about what will happen next will make up it. If you already finished the better series out there and like the setting of this story, it's worth watching.
8 Star Wars: Episode VI – Return of the Jedi (1983) is a third sequel in the original Star Wars trilogy it is flawed, yet very entertaining solid third sequel and an epic conclusion to the original Star Wars trilogy. Honestly in my opinion Return of the Jedi is far way better film than The Force Awakens, that movie was a disaster and it sucked, I rather watch this movie any time. It is not my favorite film in the series and I don't love this movie that much like I love the first two movies, but I like it and it think it is very good at some points. The film has a lot of problems, that hurts the movie. I still have enjoyed this movie and I had a lot of fun. Return of the Jedi (1983) is directed this time from Richard Marquand a different director than it was directed from Irvin Kershner and George Lucas. This movie was released on the same year that I was born in 1983. The film is pretty good on it is own way, but on the other thing it suffers from problems and flaws.Things I like in this movie: The first hour is set back on planet Tatooine which is a rescue mission which I like, the story is set where the first movie begins and ends here.Jedi Knight Luke Skywalker, Chewbacca, Lando Calrissian, Princess Leia Organa, C-3PO, and R2-D2 return to Tatooine to rescue Han Solo (who was encased in carbonite at the end of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back) from the gangster Jabba the Hutt (voice: Larry Ward).A battle on ship, with Luke steadily taking the fight to Jabba's men. During the battle, Leia strangles Jabba to death with the chain around her neck and with R2-D2's help escapes from her bonds. The heroes destroy the ship, kills the bad guys and save Han solo. I love the explosion, the rescue and than they are all save.I love that we find out from ghost of Obi-Wan "Ben" Kenobi (Alec Guinness) that Leia (Carrie Fisher) is the sister of Luke ( Mark Hamill). I love that Luke revels to Leia that she is his sister.I like the battle on the Endor, Leia, Han, Chewbacca, C-3PO, R2-D2 and Ewoks are battling Stormtroopers to destroying the shield generator for the second Death Star and they do the destroy it. Lando and his assault team destroys the deaths tar on the end.Luke face Darth Vader and the evil Emperor and fights both of them, while they where both trying to bring him on a dark side of the force to join them.I love when Vader toys with the notion of turning Leia to the dark side, Luke gives in to his rage and furiously gains the upper hand in the battle, slicing off Vader's right robotic hand in a rage in one swift cut, and makes his father succumb to defeat at the mercy of his son's blade.Realizing that Luke cannot be turned, the Emperor uses Force lightning against him to torture and attempt to kill him. Deeply affected by the sight of his son dying before him, Vader repents and turns on the Emperor, throwing him down a reactor shaft to his death.Luke try's to save Anakin but he dies before he could save him.I feel that Luke's transition from a teenager to calm and collected warrior of the Force feels very authentic. His conflict between Darth Vader and the Emperor contains some of the best scenes in the entire saga.Things I don't like: The film has a few problems that are really unnecessary and I really hate it: This movie's biggest flaw is the pacing, the Ewoks and their role in the film. Star Wars been in a forest, aren't Star Wars suppose to set in the Galaxy and not in the forest? Personally I don't mind the Ewoks, but their introduction causes the movie comes to a screeching halt. Another fault of this movie is its attempts at humor. It feels often unnatural and forced a lot of the time. The Phantom Menace has been notorious for having this problem as well, but they most likely originated here.Master Yoda dies in this film! Why? Watching Yoda in the prequels I have really enjoyed him much more than I have watching him in the last two movies. Little guy grove up in to my heart. So I disagree about him dying.I am giving this movie an 8, I watch A New Hope and Retun of the Jedi on TV as a kid I don't remember watching The Empire Strikes Back, but I have saw those tow movies and still I like Return of the Jedi a lot.
8 A spoiled heiress (Claudette Colbert), running away from her family, is helped by a man (Clark Gable) who is actually a reporter looking for a story.In this film "a pampered socialite tries to get out from under her father's thumb, and falls in love with a roguish reporter", which, you know, is something that happens when spoiled daughters discover that they want to live like common people and do what common people do (like go to supermarkets).The film was the first to win all five major Academy Awards (Best Picture, Director, Actor, Actress, and Screenplay), a feat that would not be matched until "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" (1975) and later by "The Silence of the Lambs" (1991). And it is not really surprising when you see it... besides, it is Clark Gable and Frank Capra.So, this might not be as outright funny as other films, and even as far as screwball comedies go, it sort of lags behind "The Awful Truth" with Cary Grant. But Clark Gable has a debonair charm to him... from the very beginning he has that attitude about him that women mysteriously love. I am a little confused about the laid-back approach to marriage and annulment, but this is a romance, and that is not uncommon... if anything, it shows how fickle the socialite is.Overall, a very enjoyable film. Not my favorite of the era, but well worth a watch or two. And heck, if such a film can inspire the creation of Bugs Bunny and entertain Joseph Stalin... can it be so bad?
8 This movie is action packed from beginning to end. I thought the story was pretty original, even if the anti-hero redemption plot wasn't. The entire cast did a good job with their roles, but this is not a film that you watch to see an incredible acting job. I think the camera work was well done. The only thing that this is lacking is a visual style that makes you identify this film vs other action movies. Personally I like this better than the John Wick sequel. It's a movie I would watch a second time with a friend who has never seen it just to see their reaction to how much of a sleeper hit this is. As for the negative reviews, ignore them because even with the most critical takes on this the film is nothing less than a 7.
8 Such a good cast and such a lazy writing! It was really embarrassing to watch such a childish attempt of being funny or original.Usual plot for buddy movies (best friend, then they're not, then they're back again to being best friends), very boring and lame writing.
8 This review contains spoilers - and descriptions of scenes depicted in  Srpski Film.  A baby is graphically birthed on screen by a large bald man. The mother  lies prone, and pushes the baby out into his hands. He then takes down  his underwear, and rapes the screaming newborn baby - on screen.  A man is shown violently anally raping (onscreen) a young child - his  own son, after he is injected with massive doses of a powerful sexual  stimulant. The boy - presumably also drugged - lies face-down, bleeding  profusely from his anus as the man continues a sustained sexual attack.  Evidently, this is art.  The thing that bothered me the most about Srpski Film isn't necessarily  its use of deliberate shock, and taboo busting scenes designed to  offend. It is the way in which Srdjan Spasojevic tries to cover his  dubious tracks by passing it off as some kind of artistic political  allegory about life in Serbia.  I was aware of the fact that I was increasingly annoyed as I watched  this film - mainly because the filmmakers use every trick in the book,  and obviously some new ones to batter the viewer over the head with  aggressive imagery, in order to make enough social fuss to draw in  viewers. It doesn't necessarily make it a good film, although it is  admittedly well shot, and well acted.  It almost reminded me of seeing footage of beheadings on the internet.  It's supposed to be profound in some way, but ultimately it is just  irredeemable pain and destruction, and contains no social commentary at  all.  Realistic torture and extremely graphic rape scenes usually make a  negative impact on the viewer, because they are horrific and unpleasant  subjects. Using babies and children does not make it artistic,  independent of your cultural origins - although some people claim that  it is art. I saw another review of this film that evidently recognised  genuine "art" in every single frame  I, like some of the other reviewers - have happily watched horror and  exploitation movies for years - but so what? It doesn't make any  difference whatsoever. Sub-genres come and go, and the recent tide of  shocking torture films are more akin to a test of the viewer's resolve,  than the slices of entertainment they used to be. Fair enough - if you  don't like them then don't watch.  I am a film fan. I definitely love film. I just don't love this kind of  film, or the thinly veiled attempts to disguise absolute exploitation  as something profound.
8 I trust that modern viewers will see this film for what it is; an exercise in narcissistic self obsession that gives the viewer nothing to appreciate but a glimpse into the world of a 70's icon grossly obsessed with his own self-image and self imposed sense of grandeur.If you enjoy modern day indie circle jerking then you may appreciate this mind numbing marathon of boredom.The screenplay consists of an endless loop of Allen's 'intellectual' bickering about modern living that has absolutely no pacing or narrative development, never mind its wafer thin intellectual depth and pseudo-psychology. Poor acting by both of the only two characters in this film make for a study of how to fail in engaging the audience.Watch this film to learn why the Oscars have no credibility.
8 Finally a really good movie for a change. A movie that isn't "figured out" within the first 15 minutes. It holds the viewers attention for more than just the actors in it. The storyline is a grab and as the details roll out, twist after ohmygod twist, it holds you. I had no idea how this was going to end. Not a big fan of Nicole Kidman but she was decent in this role. I don't think of her on the caliber as Julia Roberts or Chiwetel Ejliofor are but she was decent at best. Glad to hear that Gwen Paltrow didn't get it, she would have ruined the role completely. I never thought in a million years Julia Roberts could look bad but she looked terrible in this film, and it was explained why from several different directions. She was amazing as always. Chiwetel Ejilofor carried this thriller from start to finish. He was really well casted and well played. I'll have to call this movie the sleeper of the year. Never heard a thing about it in the theaters. So much garbage is being made into movies these days, a shining star like this should have been talked up. A well known secret full of twists and yes...secrets.
8 "The Bourne Ultimatum" begins recklessly mid-chase and in pulse-pounding fashion explodes from there as Jason Bourne (Matt Damon, absolutely superb) tracks down the masterminds behind the CIA black-ops that turned him into the perfect killer in a final attempt to learn his true identity. A devastatingly icy David Strathairn as the "man behind the curtain" is added to the returning cast of regulars including Joan Allen (excellent) and Julia Stiles (non-existent).Like the second entry in the series, I wished Paul Greengrass' shaky hand-held camera would go static at least for the few minutes of downtime. However, that being said, it's a perfect way to capture the tense, claustrophobic feel of the intimate hand-to-hand-combat scenes and works equally well in the chase scenes which are mostly on foot and across rooftops with the occasional big car pile-up. Part of the fun of the Bourne series is the constant globe-hopping and manipulation of technology and communications that seem to defy the laws of physics and current capabilities. The Bourne films seem to exist in some sort of gritty hyper-reality that is full of technological-based magic. It makes no sense that everyone seems to be just in the right place at the right time, but I'll be damned if it isn't a blast to watch them get there.With the absence of the emotive and involving Franka Potente, the writers attempt to create some emotional connection between Damon and Stiles, but she is so blank-faced an actress it never really leads to anything. Still, this can be forgiven, for unlike the "Identity" and the "Supremacy", this "Ultimatum" reveals all and we finally learn the truth about Bourne's past. It's an entertaining and satisfying conclusion to the series, and if they have any good sense, and Damon gets his wish, this will be the perfect end to it.
8 The Huntsman: Winter's War may have its flaws, but is an undeniable improvement over the first which appears even more average due to the new life found in the second. Some dodgy and questionable accents aside, the main four and the supporting four all compliment each other and offer strong and more complex performances (especially those returning), if only the underrated Sam Clafflin got more of a look in. Beautiful scenery, landscapes and effects all help in building this fantasy world and the before-and-after structure helps with the flow of the story once you overcome the inceptive confusion. I went into this film expecting to come out disappointed but instead did so feeling pleasantly surprised at the increased quality and final product. Summary: The Huntsman: Winter's War, whilst with its flaws, is an undeniable improvement over the first instalment, with rich scenery and landscapes bolstered further by solid performances all round.FULL REVIEW: http://goo.gl/jrMAbH
8 I know there is already a spoiler warning up top but I am going to warn you again. Don't read this because I am going to give everything away.I had this movie all wrong I will admit at the start I didn't get it and I was angry but after having a chat with my friend who went with me we both gasped when we realised what happened. The twist wasn't that he was the inpatient (seriously I think everyone saw that coming from a mile away!) the twist was the intervention actually worked. He was cured, he deliberately made it look like he relapsed because he did not want to live with the memory of what happened to his family. He blamed himself for ignoring that his wife was clearly unstable. The line "would you rather die as a good man or live as a monster" Depicted he wanted to die as a good man (lobotomized) then live with the memory of what happened. Also the symbolism of fire and water tells you when he is hallucinating (fire) and when he is lucid (water trickling through.) The delusion he concocts to save himself from accepting the truth is that his wife died in a fire. All the people he talks to surrounded by fire is a hallucination – the woman in the cave, the patient in the cell, the scarred faced man who he thinks killed his wife, the car blowing up – all a delusion. The water symbolizes reality trying to break through. He is afraid of water – ( and rightly so!His kids were drowned, they all died in front of the lake.) Also at the start he says he gets 'sea sick' – he is mortally afraid of water. He has to swim to get to the lighthouse.To truly get the best affect of this movie you have to see it more than once. (I have only seen this once but I promise you I will see it again)I think John Anderson from the Wall Street Journal got it right when he says the film - "requires multiple viewings to be fully realized as a work of art. Its process is more important than its story, its structure more important than the almost perfunctory plot twists it perpetrates. It's a thriller, a crime story and a tortured psychological parable about collective guilt."
8 A damn good movie. One of the best of 2003 in my view.This movie made me laugh, and it really pulled me in.At first I was afraid this would be another bad Pirate movie. I went to see it anyway, as I've always loved the legends of pirates, and I love adventure. I saw it once. Then twice. Then Quadrupul. Then six times. And one more 7. And now I eagerly wait for the DVD in Australia.What i'm saying is I couldn't get enough of this movie. It was so well done.Johnny Depp was hilarious a Jack Sparrow, and acted like a true Pirate. His obsessive drinking antics, and his walk really brought out this chaqracter. Plus he made character we could all love and enjoy, that deserves an Oscar in my view.Geoffrey Rush played Barbosa the bad guy. Who turned out to be quite a good bad guy in my view. He showed real potential, and I loved the way how he manipulated people.Keira Knightley plays Elizabeth, the governor's daughter. Prisoner of the Pirates. She is quite momorable in this role, and is a great jump for her evergrowing popularity.Orlando Bloom plays Will Turner. A simple blacksmith, who is also a well trained swordsman. Who is in hot pursuit of saving Elizabeth from the Pirates.The more memorable thing about this though is the curse. A well thought out curse. That can always lead to sequel or a prequel. You'll see what I mean when you watch it.The story is based on these Pirates who happen to be cursed, and they want to rid the curse. To do that they need the blood of a pirate, not just any pirate but the son of Bill Turner- William Turner. Mistaken for Bill Turner's child the pirates Capture Elizabeth, and take her hostage, while William teams up with a Rogue pirate, Jack Sparrow, who is on a streak for revenge against Barbosa. While all at the same time are being chased by the british fleet.A great adventure. Well played swordfighting. Great laughs. Great music. And great story. Pirates are back in my good book.
8 I'm only really writing this because of the astounding amount of negative reviews here. And they are all really encompassed by a thing said by the guy who has the highest rated review.***SPOILERS***"Nothing comes at night. If you read the positive reviews for this movie they like to pretend you should imagine what would come at night. I did not pay $13 a ticket to imagine anything." Props to this guy for managing to so succinctly sum up everything that is wrong about the big movie business brainwashing people enough that they can't be bothered to imagine anything, enough that they need everything to be served up on a platter and it preferably being baby food and it preferably being McDonalds baby food. This film performs quite the amazing job of tightly illustrating the corruption of one's humanity in a film. Not only that, but said corruption happening inside a family dynamic.The mysteriousness and lack of clarification of the film serves as the fundament for building an allegory. This is not a film about an apocalypse per se, you don't get any nitty gritty details about what the virus is, where it comes from, how many it has killed, what the news had to say about it. This is a film about a family having to withstand a powerful destructive force coming from the outside, and how they are trying to protect themselves from it. This is the reason why everything is left vague, for the purpose of generalization, for the purpose of allegory, for the purpose of allowing the spectator to fill in the details themselves with their experiences. The vagueness allows for a much larger array of empathy. Should the film fall short in terms of execution, then it would indeed fall flat, and the allegory would dissipate. This film, however, is very carefully calibrated, and it is the audience that disappoints, not the movie. It disappoints through unwillingness to process information and sensations by themselves, but rather being locked into a mode in which they just expect everything to always be explained to them so as they can be entertained and not use their brains. The film begins with the execution of the sick grandpa. The following discussion is about how the 17 year old son should not have to be exposed to such atrocities. The very first issue in the film is about protecting the son. However in the night, the son keeps having the worst nightmares, mostly about corruption in one form or another, about getting diseased. His first nightmare begins from a painting of Breugel's, then in another scene we see another painting of Breugel's, Hunters in the Snow, a painting with a rich history in cinema. Tarkovsky used it in Solaris as the peak of the sensation of humanity desired by the astronaut's clone-wife. Lars von Trier burned it in Melancholia as the humanity in that film was being consumed by disease as well. The director here uses it knowingly, no doubt, to reinforce the question of one's humanity. The disease in the film is irrelevant. The disease can be whatever you want it to be, it's Trump. If you wanna know what comes at night, the IT, well it's Trump, OK? It's the corrosion and corruption of today's world in regards to our humanity. The family dynamic is organized in such a way that what is of utmost importance is to protect the son from the disease. From the Trump disease. From the terribleness-that- is-in-this-world disease. The vagueness of it all was not satisfactory for me either for the majority of the film. When it really clicked, however, was right at the very end, as the first time that the son shows that he has the disease is right after his father shoots the child and the mother. Then he gets a nosebleed. Then he is infected. This film is quite spectacular for having illustrated this paradox of organizing your life around protecting your son, only to have that very organizing be the thing that ultimately corrupts your son. It is a highly potent tragic allegory. One that requires a minimum amount of thought and effort to feel. Something that is far too excessive to ask of an audience nowadays apparently. The film offers no solutions, it just offers the proposal of contemplating this paradox, one that I am sure most of us are engaged in, in one form or another in our lives as well. This is why this film is so potent, because if only you would think for a moment you would realize that this paradox of protection is universal, and it doesn't need an apocalypse to occur. It just needs one to be such virtuously illustrated.
8 It appears most people find this movie to be sick, pointless, and without substance. That's unfair.This is the strongest movie I've ever seen, and it made an IMPORTANT impression on me, a big horrorflick-devotee. It made me question a lot of things about former favourite films, and made me realize how sick it is to make horror and violence into entertainment. The problem with most movies is that violence is not portrayed violent enough, horror isn't portrayed horrible enough. Most 'thriller' films have these ingredients softened so that people can enjoy it, and THAT'S sick. This movie is SANE. It shows horror and violence as it IS - totally revolting and disgusting.I sat as on needles for 1 hour 40 minutes, and felt really bad watching this film. It grossed me out, but I understood why this film is both good and important. It gives a sane perspective on violence, as opposed to SICK, SICK Hollywood-action where people get killed by 'heroes' and nobody raises an eyebrow.
8 I have seen this movie many times. It is a movie to be seen in a large movie theater on a very wide screen. One of the persons responsible for the restoration of this great film is my cousin Robert Harris.Bob did a masterpiece in restoration. He invited me to the opening of the restoration in Los Angeles, and I was introduced to Omar Shariff. Unfortunately, the Cineplex Odean in Centuty City has been demolished to make way for a modern office complex. The demolition of this movie house coincides with the demolition of movie making in this town.The scene of Ali coming into view on the desert is the best piece of cinematography I have ever seen. This movie prompted my wife and I to travel through Syria, Jordan and Israel, where this movie takes place. I brought with me on this trip Lawrence's autobiography, "Seven Pillars of Wisdom". I used this book to instruct my car and guide to take me to all of the places that Lawrence visited in Syria and Jordan. I even hired a 4 wheel drive vehicle to take me into Wadi Rum, the canyon that Lawrence sung Tum Te tum Te tum. The place really echoed. My Bedu driver took me to a cave at the end of the Wadi where I was introduced to a very old Bedouin who fought with Lawrence during the "Arab Revolt". There was even graffiti on the wall of the cave written by Lawrence's followers.Before Lawrence involved himself in the "Arab Revolt" he lived among the Arabs in the land once called "The Ottoman Empire", which was administered out of Constantinople. His book discussed his visit to the most preserved Crusader Castle still in existence today in Syria, north of Damascus, Craque DE Chevalier, where the Crusaders held off Saladin during a great siege.That movie and my visit will never be erased from my memory. Thank you Bob for that wonderful restoration.
8 Mixing modern rage with black comedy this collection of shorts rises above expectations to become one of the best and funniest movies from Argentina along with The Secret In Their Eyes and El Aura, and probably the most accessible for international audiencesSix unrelated stories that share a common theme of revenge are shown back to back, and not edited back and forward like it's usual with these kind of movie, some of them are better than others: the opener, the road rage incident, the hit and run, and the wedding stand out, while the more conventional and predictable "Bombita" and "The Rats" still entertain thanks to superb writing and directingThere's a few annoying problems with logical plot holes like why would the rich yuppie go out of his way to put the damaged spare tired in his trunk (and thus leaving it open) when running for his life and factual errors like on the wedding episode the bride's threats about this husband's companies are meaningless because in Argentina possessions are considered marriage goods ("bienes gananciales") only if the are acquire during the marriage and not before like the screen husband's companies, and like these are others but among such high quality stuff glaring mistakes like these are more evidenthighly recommended
8 A young man (Michael J. Fox) is accidentally sent thirty years into the past in a time-traveling DeLorean invented by his friend, Dr. Emmett Brown (Christopher Lloyd), and must make sure his high-school-age parents unite in order to save his own existence.After almost thirty years (2014), this film loses none of its charm, and actually gains respect. The movie has had such a strong impression on everyone, whether they have seen it or not, as it completely permeated pop culture.The script is genius, not only how it parallels 1955 and 1985 (some of the references are dynamite), but how it set the scene for the sequels (despite allegedly not intending to have any). This is just one clever gag after another, and may require repeated viewings to catch them all.
8 Marlin, a nervous and neurotic clownfish is heavily overprotective of his son Nemo, who only wants to explore the sea in its entirety. When Nemo gets caught by a scuba diver and taken away, it is up to Marlin to swallow his own fears and find Nemo. The ensuing search and rescue organized by the him is a mass effort by swimming and flying creatures of all sizes and personalities, such as a threesome of vegetarian sharks, a fish with short term memory and an aged turtle, all helping him realise the error of his ways in restricting himself to just his home.As charming as it is beautiful, Finding Nemo is a joy, both visually and cinematically. The characters are all so appealing and sweet that you want to hug each and every one of them, Nemo and Dory in particular. But the film transcends above just a generic animated film, for there are lessons to be learnt by it too. The film often tells a children's tale from an adult's point of view, with risky situations and emotional soul-searching putting stress on a disjointed family.The sea is brought to us in such a memorable and unique way that there is brilliance and beauty in every frame. The animation is of all time high for Pixar, and the sound mixing and editing are also to be credited, as they capture the heart of the sea creditably. But perhaps the best thing about the film is the musical score by Thomas Newman. He creates the essence of the sea, as well as the emotions felt by the fish throughout. Note the masterwork that occurs as an upbeat, jovial number quickly escalates into something darker in a matter of minutes. In short, the music is superb.The voice cast are capable and cannily chosen, from young Alexander Gould as the naïve Nemo, as well as Albert Brooks as the bumbling Marlin. But the star of the show is Ellen DeGeneres as Dory. As the forgetful but caring fish, she is sweet and soulful, and provides much of the comedy of the film. But the humour is also provided by the great script, which delivers a potentially dull story with wit and soul, and shies away from the sentimentality that could so easily arise of a Disney film. And the jokes, what jokes  from satire, spoof and slapstick, they'll be a one-liner for everybody here.Gorgeous to look at and utterly adorable, Finding Nemo sets the standard for how animated movies should being terms of entertainment value as well as story and themes  ending with the touching, thought-provoking message of how too much protectiveness on the parent's side will repel, but, no matter how independent a child (or fish) believes themselves to be, they'll always need their parents.
8 Casino is a very good film. If you're at all interested in gangster/mafia films, or if you're at all a fan of director/co-writer Martin Scorsese, novelist/co-writer Nicholas Pileggi, or actors Robert De Niro, Joe Pesci, Sharon Stone or James Woods, then Casino is without a doubt a must-see. I'm a huge De Niro fan, and I'm a fan of Scorsese and Woods as well. I certainly enjoyed the film.But I don't think that Casino is at all a "perfect" film. An 8 out of 10 may seem high, but if you're familiar with my reviews, you'll know that it's not that high of a score from me--it's closer to average from me. There are plenty of flaws here, and I'm going to spend some time pointing them out, particularly since the film receives so many 10's.Casino is based on the story of Frank "Lefty" Rosenthal and the Stardust casino in Las Vegas. The Rosenthal character is here named Sam "Ace" Rothstein and is played by De Niro. The hotel became the Tangiers for the film. The mob backs Rothstein but has to set up a false front while Rothstein "secretly" runs the hotel, because of his gambling charges back East. He falls in love with and marries former hooker/call-girl and current Vegas hustler Ginger McKenna (Stone), who remains in love with her pimp, Lester Diamond (Woods). Meanwhile, mob strong-arm Nicky Santoro (Pesci) heads out to Vegas to protect Rothstein, but eventually ends up running his own rackets and trying to effectively take over the town. Casino is the story of the relationship and political problems that this cast of characters and a number of associates run into. It's roughly a gradual road to destruction for everyone involved.The film is unusual in many ways. The most prominent oddity is that a large chunk of it is told via alternated narration from the two main characters, Rothstein and Santoro. The aim was probably to include a lot more of Pileggi's book, in a more literal way, than would have been possible through more conventional means. It's remarkable that the narration works as well as it does, especially because a lot of it is given a rapid-fire delivery. For at least the first 15 minutes, there is barely a pause in the narrational dialogue.One of the reasons it works is because of the style that Scorsese uses to accompany it in the opening. He employs a lot of fast cuts while presenting very stylized, documentary-like footage. The opening feels as much like an entertaining behind-the-scenes look at how the typical casino works as it feels like a fictional film about gangsters.Eventually, the film evolves from almost 100% narration to almost no narration (although the narration never completely leaves the film). This happens so subtly that one hardly notices. Scorsese's directorial style likewise evolves from the fast-cut documentary approach to something more conventional.This is all well and good, but on the other hand, the gradual evolution can only happen because the film is so long--it clocks in just a couple minutes shy of 3 hours. That's a bit too long for the story being told. By at least the halfway point, it starts to feel a bit draggy. All the material is necessary to the story, but it could have been tightened up a lot more.Another unusual aspect is the score/soundtrack, which consists primarily of pop hits from a wide time span--30 years or more. While I like the songs--I've owned the CD since it came out and I listen to it often enough--and the songs can help set the mood for some scenes, they become a bit too incessant and overbearing for the story after awhile. It begins to approach the dreaded "mix tape" mentality, where the songs are just there because the director wanted to share some bitchin' tunes that he likes a lot. A bit of ebb and flow with the music, and music better correlated to the drama, would have worked even better.Presumably, Scorsese was shooting for something like a sensory assault, since that's what you get in Vegas. The visuals are filled with neon lights, flashy clothes (I love Rothstein's suits), flashy people and such. The soundtrack is probably meant to match. But in that case, if I were directing, I think I would have went for a combination of commissioned music that incorporated a lot of casino sounds, or that mimicked a lot of casino sounds--the cacophonous electronic symphony of various machines constantly going through their modes--with schmaltzy show tunes, ala Liza, Jerry Vale, Tom Jones, Wayne Newton, etc.That Scorsese was trying to give a Vegas-styled sensory assault is also supported by the audio-visual contrast between the Vegas scenes and the scenes in other locations, such as Kansas City. So I can understand the motivation, but I'm not sure the final result exactly worked.Of course the performances are exceptional, even if everyone is playing to type, except for maybe Woods. The plot and characters are written and performed so that the viewer can see the disasters coming way before the characters can--and that's how it should be. For example, as a viewer, you know as soon as it starts that it's a bad idea for Rothstein to kowtow to McKenna to win her hand in marriage, but Rothstein is blind in love and he ends up paying for it. Everything unfolds almost a bit predictably in this respect, and another slight flaw is that we're shown the penultimate moment of the film right at the very beginning. It tends to make it feel even more stretched out, as you keep anticipating that scene.But the slight flaws shouldn't stop anyone from seeing this film, and of course, quite a few viewers feel that there are no flaws at all.
8 I have just come out of the "Dark Curtain" Screening for The Dark Knight in Adelaide, and I'm blown away.Nolan's directing is sublime, the pacing of the movie was so well kept, managing to keep the audience enthralled in an almost 3 hour movie. There were several shots in the film that had me saying "Now how in the hell did they do that?!", Brilliant scores by James Newton Howard and Hans Zimmer. Every actor shines, no one person steals the film. I don't want to say much about it, because whatever is said cannot do it justice, there is enough hype surrounding it's release, but it's there for a reason. Top Notch film. Bravo to Nolan and his crew for giving a movie that Batman truly deserves.9/10.
8 There are very few movies, no matter how bad, where I come away personally disliking all those involved.  "Life is Beautiful" is one of those movies. Why because beneath the shiny, happy coating "Life is Beautiful" embodies a narcisstic and almost nihilistic view of the world; I say this because Begnini et al. are apparently willing to use genocide to infuse a poorly written, badly acted, and sloppily directed movie with dignity it doesn't deserve.  And make no mistake this movie is all three.  The drama is fake, the segments don't flow, the acting sophomoric, the history laughable, and the characters stereotypes at best.  Begnini can do slapstick and there is a funny bit or two, but these add up to nothing and seem positively grotesque in light of what comes later.  This movie is the most banal and manipulative sort of crowd pleaser, the sort that assumes the crowd is composed entirely of idiots, but because it nominally concerns the holocaust otherwise intelligent people are unwilling to call the movies cynical little game for what it is, fearing the -"What you didn't like 'Life is Beautiful?!'  No don't say anything else you don't have a soul," or the more common, "Well go back to your Jerry Bruckheimer movies."  Well in all honesty that's an insult to Mr. Bruckheimer.  His movies may insult my intelligence, but never to the level this movie did.  At the predictable and overdone ending I remember thinking, "I know what you want me to do movie, but there's no way I'm buying."  Worse this movie is an insult to anyone who had to suffer because of the Nazis and their fascist allies.  Watching this movie I'm reminded of how Salem, MA uses historical atrocity as a kitchy tourist draw (going so far as to put witches on broomsticks on the sides of police cars). Begnini uses the holocaust to draw in suckers in the same way.  Group Mr. Begnini with the all those in the holocaust industry who are willing to use the worst atrocity of the 20th century to open wallets and flatter their inflated egos. Beyond being an insult to the victims of National Socialism  this movie is terrible because it crowds out much better movies on the same subject. Everyone chalks in "Life is Beautiful" as their art movie of the month and ignores better movies on the holocaust like "The Ogre," "Invincible," or "Heimat."
8 "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid" is a great film just due to the pairing of Paul Newman and Robert Redford. These two work so well together that the film would have been impressive no matter what. However, with a smart story and great direction by George Roy Hill, "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid" was the smash-hit of 1969 as it achieved box office dominance and won more Oscars (four) than any other film that year. It did not win the Best Picture or Best Director Oscars as "Midnight Cowboy" and its director John Schlesinger took home those honors, but it has stood the test of time and is right up there with the other imperative films of that important year ("Midnight Cowboy", "Easy Rider", and "The Wild Bunch"). The two titled characters are two shrewd outlaws who love to rob trains and banks. However, the law has about had it with the outlaws and the two decide that Bolivia is the place they need to be. Also along for the ride is school-teacher Katharine Ross who obviously has feelings for both men. They both want to go straight in Bolivia, but temptation is too big for them and in the end tragedy will occur for the titled characters. Of course this film is based on real people, but so little is known about them that the film-makers were able to take many liberties with the tale. The film-makers went for comedy and action, but it is the drama and the likable characters that make "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid" one of the best films produced in the 1960s. 5 stars out of 5.
8 You'd think you can't improve on a 10/10 movie, but this one does, with great action and characters. There isn't much else to say about the special effects that I didn't already in my first review, they're still fantastic. Peter Jackson doesn't treat this like a sequel, it's just the continuing story of heroes battling the forces of evil.Frodo, now alone except for his buddy Sam (Sean Astin), is on his epic journey to Mount Mordor to destroy The One Ring. He'll encounter Gollum, a wretched creature who's definitely up to something.And meanwhile Aragorn and friends are trying to protect the little country of Rohan from imminent destruction from the newly-bred Uruk-Hai, vicious monsters crossed with man and elf.4/4. Wish I'd seen it in theaters.
8 A nice movie! Had a lot of fun while i watch this movie
8 When I saw this movie first on IMDb list , I thought this is just a new crap cyber movie, just a copy of Unfriended (2015) but it's nothing like Unfriended (thanks God) This movie contains jump-scares, decent plot line , good acting and a pretty dark story behind all that. If you're searching for a decent new horror movie, you should definitely add "Friend Request" to the list, you won't regret. At least I didn't , and I'm usually harsh with new horror movies because they're so bad I can't even watch them. Friend Request is not one of those crappy movies, it has something special and it will keep you in front of the TV screen till the end.
8 It is not the special effects, although interesting and visually not exceptional but discrete, it is not the extremely suggestive and curated cinematography, as well as original and effective, it is not the directing, intelligent and well studied; in short, it is not the technical sector, however remarkable, that makes this "I Kill Giants" a great movie, but it is something more, something that is more in depth, are the true and sincere feelings that are perceived for a good part of the movie and that make it special despite being almost a genre movie.A movie that proves itself surprisingly mature, even if its appearance says the opposite, and aware of the path and the goals it wants to achieve; this is felt in different scenes that, for this, effect and in different dialogues taken from a screenplay that is not original but that can raise many questions to the viewer during the film, doing so, even if they do not always receive a gratifying answer, this last will be completely immersed in the atmosphere and spirit of the story and can only be involved in it.Also you can very easily get in tune with the protagonist, a young girl who stands out from the many who have already seen in many other films similar to this, thanks to its unique character that makes the character curious and bizarre and, important and rare thing, never predictable, this means that the viewer never loses interest in it.For the rest what to say, there is Zoe Saldana, good as usual, and a really good Imogen Poots, thanks to a role in which she identified herself perfectly.Unfortunately, the film was, nonetheless, anticipated by a marketing campaign that between trailer and poster deceives the public, presenting it as a film that is not, for this reason will be many who, waiting for a pure fantasy, will remain a bit 'disappointed.
8 Scary Movie is now (it was a little while ago it was Me, Myself & Irene) my favorite comedy of the year.  This film gives another word to the spoof/comedy genre, and even though it doesn't make a breakthrough like Airplane!, it is still very, very funny. Sure it's not for everyone, but for those who have seen all the scary movies parodied in this film (example- Scream, Scream 2, I Know What You Did Last Summer, The Matrix, The Sixth Sense, The Blair Witch Project, Halloween, The Shining, etc) and can enjoy a good comedy, this film is definitely for you.But the plot is unexplainable, but the jokes are.  The spoof follows in the Wayans bros. tradition (this film is directed by Keenan Ivory Wayans, written by Shawn and Marlon Wayans, produced by all three, and starring all three) of they're last spoof- Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood.  Jokes include a guy who acts very gay but isn't (Shawn Wayans) a pot head (Marlon Wayans) and some other characters (Carmen Electra's cameo is my favorite).  Also, the references to movies but not parodies are still funny.  Very sick, very crude, very funny.  The funniest film of the year. A+
8 Rosamund Pike and Jon Hamm bring us along in this gripping tragedy of human conflict and political drama, giving us some insight into the worlds conflicts centering around Middle East peace and perpetual conflicts.
8 I rarely write a review, but when I saw the negative reviews claiming the positive reviews must be bots I felt it was time. Yes, there is a lot of sub-titling. The folks often had to be silent. How else are you going to convey what's going on? Do the complainers never see a foreign language film?Granted, we don't know why the creatures are there, but is that necessary for the story? I didn't walk away unsatisfied without that answer. It really didn't seem to be that important. This was a story about a family's struggle to survive in circumstances very few would make it through.The tension in this movie was incredible. I felt a kinship with the family I don't often feel. I see 30-40 movies a year. This was one of the best I've seen in a few months. I'll be going to see it again.
8 "BEVERLY HILLS, 90210," in my opinion, is an absolute FOX classic! I don't think I've seen every episode, but I still enjoyed it. It's hard to say which episode was my favorite. It would probably have to be the one where Brenda (Shannen Doherty) has a fight with Kelly (Jennie Garth). However, I think it was always sad when friends fought. I always wanted to cry at that. It would have been nice if all the main characters stayed with the show throughout its entire run. It seems that no one stays with a show throughout its entire run. Everyone always gave a good performance, the production design was spectacular, the costumes were well-designed, and the writing was always very strong. In conclusion, I hope some network brings it back on the air for fans of the show to see.
8 People fear what they do not understand. For Barbara, a teenage misfit who believes in giants, this causes a great deal of concern. From her point of view, if others do not understand and cower in fear from giants, then these creatures can cause all sorts of unchecked mayhem. However, the knife of understanding cuts both ways. People do not understand Barbara and fear for her well-being if she persists in what they see as deviant and anti-social behavior. As Barbara goes around town setting giant traps, ignoring her school and housework and isolating herself from others, the line between fantasy and the real world begins to blur. This has momentous impacts on those who love Barbara as well as Barbara herself.This charming, quirky, funny and powerful film stirs up a lot of emotions. It involves intriguing and poignant themes about bullying, loneliness, confidence, friendship and more. The dialogue between characters is rich and deep, as is the imagery of the giants. Wonderful acting and organization of the scenes, which flow well from one to the other. The story is based on a graphic novel. Seen at the Toronto International Film Festival.
8 Godzilla has been a movie icon for over sixty years, emerging from the deep oceans and causing havoc in cities across the world. This new depiction of the great kaiju, acting as a reboot of the franchise and directed by an up-and-coming director, Gareth Edwards, is a very entertaining film despite the complaints of there being too little of Godzilla. I somewhat concur with this argument, however, having seen many of Japanese films, especially the original in 1954, it is known for Godzilla to be teased throughout the movie (or have limited screen time), yet still have a profound impact on the film and the audience it is delivered to, and this is what the 2014 version does very well. However, at times, it did come at an annoyance when right as we see him, the scene changes. But this should not take away from otherwise a really good film. The design of Godzilla and the monstrous villains, the MUTOs, were very well created and augmented to represent a respectable scale to real world buildings/infrastructure. As usual, the action scenes were a blast, with the final act dedicated to the fight we've been waiting for between the creatures. The plot carried the film smoothly, coupled with some good acting from the likes of Bryan Cranston, Ken Watanabe, and David Strathairn. But it should be noted that the good acting came from secondary characters while our central character, Ford Brody, played by Aaron Taylor-Johnson, was very bland and one-dimensional. The film was an attempt at very human orientated monster film rather than focused on the monsters themselves, which is somewhat of a problem in a movie called "Godzilla". However, Gareth Edwards blends both well enough to not detract what this film manages to accomplish. With the news of a Monsterverse being created by Legendary Studious, involving the likes of King Kong, I am very excited to see where they take Godzilla in his next movie in 2019, where he will pit off against his greatest foes, King Ghidorah, Mothra, and Rodan, before taking on King Kong in 2020 to determine who the real "King" is.
8 This is definitely one of the few good Hindi movies of recent times. After Johnny Gaddar, I believe this is the best Hindi movie I've watched (PS:- I hate chocolaty love stories). BEST PART :- there are no Songs which is such a relief !!!!! The first 20 mins or so, is sort of a character introduction session, but then the movie picks up and it really keeps you interested till the very end. The plot starts with Nasiruddin Shah planting a bomb in a police station .He then calls up the police commissioner (Anupam Kher) claiming that he's planted 5 bombs in the city and would reveal the locations only if 4 hardcore terrorists are releases. No one is able to trace him and there's chaos all over. I shouldn't say any more :) Good performances by Shah,Kher and Jimmy Shergil. This probably wouldn't be the biggest blockbuster given the preferences of our audiences, but definitely, its my pick of the year so far.
8 It's well know that Stephen King doesn't like Stanley Kubrick's version of The Shining (so much so that he scripted an abysmal TV movie version). According to him, Kubrick didn't understand the horror genre. Well, I think Kubrick did. I think he understood it only too well. He knew that it was a genre full of conventions, cheap tricks and tired clichés. Therefore Kubrick decided to throw all that nonsense out of the window and make a film based on atmosphere rather than predictable thrills. You don't get people here jumping out of the dark time after time. You don't get worthless shocks. Kubrick's version of The Shining is an insidious film. It gets under your skin. In other words, it isn't for Pavlovian dogs that have spent a lifetime being conditioned by cretinous nonsense.What runs deepest through The Shining is a frustration with family. Right from the beginning it's obvious that Jack isn't happy with his lot  as he's being shown around the hotel he can't help but take a sneaky look at the backsides of a couple of women. Well, can you blame him? The poor man is married to a bug-eyed, bucktoothed Olive Oil look-a-like.Then there's Jack's quiet frustration with his son Danny. As he's driving to the hotel, he's bothered by requests for food. And then his son makes out that he's knowledgeable because he saw a programme on TV. Already he's slightly irked - he's got to spend months alone with these people; one who resembles Popeye's missus and one who talks to his finger.So really the hotel brings out nothing that isn't already there. It merely brings everything to the surface  Jack's resentment as regards his wife, his frustration as regards his lack of writing talent and his annoyance at having a troubled son. It's kind of like he's testing his family. Are they strong enough as a unit to survive being cooped up together?One of the underlying themes in the film seems to be television. What happens in The Shining is what happens when someone stops watching the idiot box. With it, a person can find solace in mindless programming and retreat from the strictures of family life. Without it they're faced with all their problems and all the failings of their loved ones. Even the strongest family can be brought to its knees when there's no escape from each other's company. Therefore it's quite telling, when Jack loses the plot completely, that he spouts lines from TV: "Honey, I'm home" and "Here's Johnny." Just watch some television, Jack.But it's also the pain of writing that contributes to Jack's insanity. There's nothing quite as harrowing as an empty page. Plus there's nothing more annoying than being interrupted mid-flow. One of the best scenes in the film is when Jack tells his wife to get lost when she interrupts him. It's extremely violent in how cold Jack is towards Wendy. And because it's grounded in a reality, it's all the more effective.Also rather unsettling is the scene where Jack talks to his son. He makes Danny sit on his lap and he proceeds to tell him how much he loves him and how he'd never hurt him. It works so well because it's so cold and because there's such an obvious lack of affection. The words are just empty platitudes. They mean absolutely nothing.Jack's true feelings are only revealed when he gets to talk to Lloyd. It's in this scene that you realise the marriage isn't all it's cracked up to be  Wendy has never forgiven him for accidentally hurting his son. And it's also in this scene that you realise (as if you hadn't noticed earlier) that Jack is absolutely crackers. He's talking to ghosts. But they could also be figments of his imagination, for there are mirrors behind most of the ghosts he talks to. Effectively he's talking to himself. And I love this matter of fact way of dealing with the supernatural. There are no fancy tricks. Everything just seems unnaturally natural.In fact, everything to do with the ghosts is superbly handled. The twins are spooky, Lloyd is amiable and Grady is out of his mind. And it's Grady who's probably the most chilling presence in the film. He starts off as a bumbling waiter but then quickly becomes a stone cold killer. Just the way he says 'corrected' conveys more terror than a million slasher films. And Philip Stone's performance is a million times more subtle than Nicholson's. I mean, as much as I like Jack in the film, he does chew the scenery. But Kubrick likes his over the top performances, so that's the way he wanted it.And undoubtedly it's Kubrick's movie. He's the real star. And I love everything he brings to the film. I love his command of lighting  just look at The Gold Room scenes. I love his use of music. I love the way that he turns the Room 237 scene, one that could have been a standard 'jump' scene, into a comment on Jack's marriage  his willingness to be unfaithful. I love the way that he leaves lots of unanswered questions. I love the shots of the blood coming out of the lift. I love the helicopter shots at the start. I love the way that pages and pages of typed words are the most frightening visual in the film. I love the maze. I love the fact that you see a ghost getting a blow-job from a ghost in a bear suit Man, I love absolutely everything about this film. It's horror for people who know that true horror isn't being stalked by a man in a mask, but being trapped alone with your family.
8 For me, its the best so far and I loved Chicken Run!This time, the story is depicting historic events all compressed into one in a fun way.We had the extinction of the dinosaurs 65m years ago, the meeting of the pre-historic man with the bronze age man and their evolution. Adding coliseum 'games' into the mix. Sure, not an accurate history lesson, but its a bit of fun.I love how they did away with the fighting at the 'games' and expertly handled greed and manipulation. All wrapped in the fun signature animation. The adults were never forgotten throughout with plenty of innuendos aimed at keeping them entertained.Overall, I thought this was a great offering. My children loved it (4 and 9) and my 9 year old giving it a 9 score :).
8 The pacing is slow, sometimes too slow. The atmosphere is authentic. The major disappointment is Rachel Weisz who is simply not good. Rachel McAdams and Alessandro Nivola are both outstanding. Well worth seeing.
8 This is a nightmare vision of the future. It seems 1 out of every 100 women is fertile (for some reason). The ones who aren't perform slave labor. The ones that are are "sold" off to rich families where they have sex with the husband to produce a baby. Kate (the late and missed Natasha Richardson) is one such servant to Serena Joy (Faye Dunaway) and her husband the Commander (Robert Duvall). Kate wants out--but it seems there's no way.The synopsis only scratches the surface of a VERY dark and disturbing movie. It slowly shows how women are treated and used and it just gets more horrifying as it unfolds. The parallels to Hitler's Nazi Germany are fairly obvious but here we have barren women instead of Jews and gays. The good acting by everybody makes this hard to shake off. Aidan Quinn (as Nick) and Duvall are OK; Victoria Tennant is chilling as a leader of the camps; Elizabeth McGovern is just great as a fellow prisoner who befriends Kate; Dunaway is also very good in her role. Best of all is Richardson. This couldn't have been an easy role but she pulls it off beautifully. She died at far too young an age. This is basically an unknown movie and it's easy to see why--it's far too dark and disturbing for a general audience. However the ending is (sort of) uplifting (and changed from the book). Grim, dark and depressing. View it at your own risk. The ceremony sequences are almost impossible to watch and shocked the hell out of me the first time I saw this.
8 Behind the guise of sci-fi and romance, this movie is a horror of sorts, which is what I experienced when the plot twist was revealed. This raises many ethical questions which I find to be the very essence of the story. I valued this more for the discussions and debates it sparked than for the plot of effects. The theme felt very similar to the Netflix Brazilian Portuguese series 3% (which I absolutely loved). The romance was the driving force for the plot, but it felt very tacked on and slightly shallow. It did, however, make me wonder about the validity and depth of Helena's love when she fell in love with Alex simply because he was the only option. I'd recommend this to anyone looking for something for their brain to chew on.
8 The Great Dictator is Chaplin's parody about the Nazi Germany with scenes that make you laugh no matter in what mood you are.Beside this ,from my point of view the movie's best part is the superb speech by the Jewish Barber ,a speech's thoughts that if would existed a little bit in Hitler's mind too it would had a chance for the world too pas a second world war.The Speech: "I'm sorry but I don't want to be an emperor.That's not my business.I don't want to rule or conquer anyone.I should like to help everyone: Jew, gentile, black man, white.We all want to help one another.Human beings are like that.We want to live by each other's happiness, not misery.We don't want to hate one another.In this world, the good earth is rich and can provide for everyone.The way of life can be free and beautiful but we have lost the way.Greed has poisoned men's souls, has barricaded the world with hate, has goose-stepped us into bloodshed.We have developed speed but have shut ourselves in.Machinery has left us in want.Our knowledge has made us cynical, our cleverness, hard and unkind.We think too much and feel too little.More than machinery we need humanity.More than cleverness we need kindness and gentleness.Without these qualities, life will be violent and all will be lost...The airplane and radio have brought us closer.These inventions cry out for the goodness in man, cry out for universal brotherhood, for the unity of us all.Even now my voice is reaching millions, millions of despairing men, women and children, victims of a system that makes men torture and imprison innocent people.To those who can hear me I say, do not despair.The misery upon us is but the passing of greed, the bitterness of men who fear the way of human progress.The hate of men will pass, and dictators die, and the power they took will return to the people.So long as men die liberty will never perish.Soldiers, don't give yourselves to brutes, men who despise you, enslave you, regiment your lives, tell you what to think and feel, who drill you, treat you like cattle and use you as cannon fodder.Don't give yourselves to these men, machine men with machine minds and machine hearts.You are not machines, you are not cattle, you are men! You have the love of humanity in you.Don't hate. Only the unloved and the unnatural hate.Soldiers, don't fight for slavery, fight for liberty! St Luke says, "The Kingdom of God is within man." Not in one man nor a group of men, but in all men. In you! You have the power to create machines, the power to create happiness.You have the power to make this life free and beautiful, to make this life a wonderful adventure.In the name of democracy, let us use that power.Let us all unite, let us fight for a new world, a world that will give men a chance to work, that will give youth a future and old age security.Promising these things, brutes have risen.But they lie! They do not fulfill that promise. They never will! Dictators free themselves but they enslave the people.Now let us fight to fulfill that promise! Let us fight to free the world, to do away with national barriers, to do away with greed, with hate and intolerance.Let us fight for a world of reason, a world where science and progress will lead to the happiness of all.Soldiers, in the name of democracy, let us unite!"
8 Not too long ago I was watching "The Hustler", and it was quite obvious that the film and practically everything about it was undeniably cool. Especially the way Jackie Gleason walked, the way he was dressed, the way he spoke, he wasn't trying to be cool, he simply was.On a minorly related note, "Amelie" is a film that wants to be quirky, it wants to be cutesy, but it fails because it tries too hard: The exaggerated camera movements and sound effects, the ultra-luminous (yet rather nice) cinematography designed to turn Paris into a fantasy world, the odd quips of dialogue on orgasms, but the absolute biggest fault of the film is with the lead character known as Amelie.Amelie is a woman-child who likes to take it upon herself to do selfless good deeds for everyone around her, and the entire storyline revolves around her attempts to fix various problems for everyone within her vicinity. The only problem is that Amelie's selflessness isn't real, she's only doing this to feed her own sense of accomplishment so she can crack that god-awful smile at the camera once that good deed is done. Not long after it becomes extremely apparent that she's a psychopath who breaks into other people's appartments to screw with them (because she, not the police or any authorities, must be the one to deal with bad people), appoints herself as an unneeded tour guide for a blind man and basically does whatever she wants, regardless of whether it actually helps anyone.The film has clearly taken cues from the French New Wave (Amelie even watches "Jules Et Jim" at the Cinema) but it has taken those editing and storytelling tricks to the nth degree and spoiled the entire film, even Amelie is taken from Irene Jacob's character in "Three Colours: Red" and made even nicer and sweeter until she's just plain obnoxious It's an unbearably naive film that's filled with so much sugary fake charm that it becomes sickening rather quickly, and once the cutesy novelty wears off you realise that there's just no substance to the storyline at all. Some people have been enchanted by the magical qualities of it, but I was completely put off as the whole thing was over-the-top and rather self-indulgent. A film like "L'Atalante" finds the poetic beauty in the banality of life and simply displays it in all of its ordinary glory. "Amelie" constantly forces you to accept its own childish and faux-magical view of the world, some people can accept it, but I can't.
8 Perhaps one of the last of the chain-gang movies (until it was briefly shown in the beginning of 2000's "O, Brother Where Art Thou?), this has always been (1) an interesting film (2) a wonderfully photographed movie.You hear more about the story and about Paul Newman than you usually hear about the cinematography, but it's good and this movie should be seen in widescreen. It was offered as such even on VHS.When I looked at this film sometime in the '90s, I was surprised that the famous line from it: "What we have here is a failure to communicate," was only used twice, and the second time being the last sentence uttered by Newman. I had thought that Strother Martin had said it several times. Boy, Martin was one of the more effective villains in some 1960s film, a mean-talking sadistic guy.This movie was another of the pioneers in promoting a new thing on screen: the "anti-hero," so it was popular in the protest decade of the '60s. Newman's character fit right into the period where the rebel is the hero and the authority figure is the bad guy. You've seen this repeatedly ever since, although filmmakers have always loved rebels.George Kennedy gives Newman memorable support as "Dragline" and was aptly awarded for his performance. Someone who I always remembered was the prison guard who said nothing, just stared through his sunglasses. I can always picture that guy and those reflective glasses. That, and eating 50 hard- boiled eggs have stuck with me for over 40 years!
8 IMDB really must try and do something about "reviews that just attack movies for so called political bias. Same thing happened with The Post.This was a highly enjoyable movie from the entertainment value to the "makes your blood boil" counter story.It really was like watching another Blood Simple, also by the Coens.Another review asked "Is this a social commentary about racism in suburbia? Or in this a murder mystery of some sort?" and then said it tried to be all and was neither.How about it was actually both, with the attacks on the black family while in the neighbourhood there was something evil going on under their noses perpetrated by a white family?
8 Despite the snobbish critics reviews I thoroughly enjoyed my relaxing afternoon in the theater watching Gods of Egypt. I remember when the critics were all panning Raiders of the Lost Arc, and look how many viewers enjoyed the escapism of that movie. The story moved along at a good pace and the 2 hrs passed quickly. Yes, it is a typical movie of its genre, but what is so wrong with that. Not all movies made are Oscar worthy, but they are still filling the category of "Made for enjoyment". I watched the movie in IMAX 3D. If your looking for an afternoon to escape our current political climate go enjoy Gods of Egypt.
8 Beautiful film set in 1962 Hong Kong about a man (Mr. Chow) and woman (Mrs. Chan) who become close friends when they suspect their spouses are having an affair. Stylistically, the film is also beautiful. Wong Kar-Wai uses a lot of slow motion and close-ups on parts of the body (feet, hands, waist). The film itself has a reticence and properness that suggests its time period. It's sexy without showing everything. Wong Kar-Wai  also doesn't allow the audience to see what the spouses look like, suggesting that Mr. Chow and Mrs. Chan should be together. Smoking is even made to look elegant with close-ups of the curls of smoke. A really lovely film. Just prepare yourself for the ending.
8 This movie is cheesy in all the wrong ways. The dialogue is just cliché and awful. The acting (aside from Bill Paxton who is only on screen for like 3 mins) is horrendous. I mean some of these people can actually act, but they are either just phoning it in or something else was going on. Either way, this is just complete crap. The story was so ham-fisted and obvious that it just makes you cringe the whole way through. Avoid at all costs.
8 Once upon a time, King Magnus (Noah Huntley) and his Queen have a beautiful daughter, Snow White, who is raised with her best friend William. When the Queen passes away, the King grieves her death but has to fight against a dark invader army. He rescues a beautiful prisoner, Ravenna (Charlize Theron), and on the next day he marries her. On the wedding night, Ravenna stabs King Magnus on the chest and brings the enemy army led by her brother Finn (Sam Spruell) that destroys the King's army. Ravenna imprisons Snow White on the Northern Tower of the castle while William, his father The Duke and a few survivors escape from the castle.Years later, the kingdom is completely depleted and Queen Ravenna, who is an evil witch, keeps her beauty draining the youth of young ladies. When the Magic Mirror tells that Snow White would be the source of her immortality, she asks Finn to bring the princess to her. However, Snow White (Kristen Stewart) escapes and flees to the Dark Forest. Queen Ravenna brings a Huntsman (Chris Hemsworth) that misses his wife and she promises to bring her back to life provided he catches Snow White to her. But when he captures Snow White, he discovers that the evil Queen lied to him and he becomes the protector of the princess. Meanwhile William (Sam Claflin) learns that Snow White is alive and he heads to join Finn's men to meet her. The Huntsman and Snow White meet the eight dwarfs that bring them to the magic Fairytale Land. When they are attacked by Finn and his men, William also finds them and the group heads to the Duke's castle with the intention of beginning an uprising against the Ravenna. But the evil Queen will try to get her aimed immortality."Snow White and the Huntsman" is a wonderful dark adaptation of the classic fairytale "Snow White" by the Brothers Grimm and adapted to the cinema and immortalized by Walt Disney. The story is excellent, despite minor flaws like for example Snow White running and swimming after years imprisoned in a dirty tower, and is supported by a great screenplay, magnificent cinematography and CGI and good acting. There are unbelievable negative reviews in IMDb and my only remark is that the talented Kristen Stewart has never been more beautiful (actually, he uses the word The Fairest) than the gorgeous Charlize Theron, despite their difference of ages: the Magic Mirror is wrong. My vote is eight.Title (Brazil): "Branca de Neve e o Caçador" ("Snow White and the Huntsman")
8 The Republic has fallen and the Empire rules the galaxy as a dictatorship, seeking to destroy dissenting voices.  The Empire's ultimate weapon, the Death Star, is fully on line and capable of destroying whole systems.  The Jedi have been destroyed, save a few living in hiding, unable to compete with the force of the Empire.  However Princess Leia has the plans showing a weakness within the Death Star.  Before she is captured by Darth Vader she gives them to droids C3PO and R2D2 and they escape.  When they land on a nearby planet they find Luke Skywalker and set out to find the owner of the droids Obi Wan Kenobi, or Old Ben Kenobi.  Obi Wan begins to train Luke in the way of the force as they try to get the information to the Rebellion before the Death Star can be used at full power.It's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking  lets be honest, Lucas isn't the Shakespeare of our generation.  However what it is, is a good story of good v's evil, a western of goodies v baddies set in space.  The story is simple but contains clear characters.  The thing that sets it apart is the fun  the sense of wonder for kids but also the enjoyment it brings to adult. The story is good for a sci-fi with a lot of history and back-story clearly set out up front.  The action scenes are mostly great  not dry effects but with a real sense of action and excitement too.This may be the 4th part but it's also our first chapter, it is light and enjoyable but hints that this is only part of an ongoing battle.  The way it relates to kids and adults is obvious as it broke records and everyone of a certain age knows about Star Wars!  The effects still look good today  in many ways the model work looks better than all digital effects simply because they are `real' and don't just exist within a computer.  Sound effects, comedy, music  it's all pitch perfect and sets up the rest of the series really well.Hamil is ok as Skywalker (`Blonde hair, blue eyes'  Chasing Amy!).  He is suitable for a kids film and he does well with his role.  However like part 1 has Anakin at his least interesting, part 4 has Luke yet to develop into darker areas.  Ford is perfect as Han Solo  he adds character and flair to some dry performances.  Alec Guinness adds maturity to the whole film and is so good is Obi Wan that even Ewan McGregor just does an impression rather than recreate the role.  Darth Vader is just the right side of silly camp villain, Jones' voice is a perfect fit and he has real menace and power. Bits players such as Chewie, C3PO, R2D2 etc all add comedy in spades.Overall this film is even better now that we know how it all fits together in Star Wars `history'.  But even without all the hype this is a really fun sci-fi that is enjoyable, simple and really good fun to watch if you're in the mood.  Having a deeper perspective on it just makes it all the better.
8 Kubrick so utterly fails to capture the spirit of Thackeray's picaresque novel with this vague and tiresome film that it has absolutely no business using the title Barry Lyndon. Thackeray's Barry Lyndon is a brash, swaggering, status-seeking rogue with a dynamic (but seriously faulted) personality, and an indomitable will who  actively schemes, fights, and bullies his way through life. A true existentialist anti-hero.  Kubrick's Barry Lyndon , played by Ryan O'Neal, couldn't be more different, even though he  participates in some of the same activities as the character in the novel does. Kubrick's Lyndon has the demeanor of gentle choirboy: intensely quiet and soft-spoken with a penchant for long, earnest gazes (as is everyone in the film.)  His personality is so completely vague and undefined that next to Thackeray's brilliantly extroverted protagonist, he is practically walking corpse. Thackeray's Lyndon is a man who compels our admiration (even affection) as well our contempt such is the force of his personality. Kubrick turns him into practically a non-entity who even at the end of this three hour film remains a paradoxical and annoying enigma. We learn nothing about what makes him tick because there is nothing there. I really found myself wondering if Kubrick actually read the novel - perhaps he got a synopsis from  a script writer. Did they have Cliff Notes when this movie was made?! The film is steeped in an introspective, meditative atmosphere exemplified by the R. O'Neal character which is totally unsuited to the vigorous, ironic, and humorous tone of the novel. Kubrick has taken the fictional memoirs of a daring, villainous  schemer and gambler and sucked all the energy and life out of them to make a tepid, pensive, piece of aesthetic boredom. The only scene that has any dramatic tension is the duel between Bullingdon and Lyndon which, ironically, is not in the novel. When adapting literature for the cinema doesn't a director have an obligation to the work's author to remain faithful to that author's artistic vision? It's understandable that some concessions must be made when moving between two such different mediums as literature and cinema; but to have such blatant disregard for the essence of the novel from which this film takes its title, Kubrick is guilty of artistic hijacking. It galls me to think that there are probably more persons living now who have seen Kubrick's  bogus version of B.Lyndon than have read the novel; Kubrick, unfortunately, has had the last word because of film's cultural dominance. If a director wants to benefit from the cachet of using the title of a classic novel by an eminent author than he is obliged to remain faithful to that author's vision and not to utterly disregard it as Kubrick has done to such a wretched effect here.
8 Perhaps the best testament to the greatness of "The Room" is its utter indescribability, its curiously strong resistance to mimetic, second-hand description. Sure, you can easily sum up the banal, cliché plot, or approximate the mind-bogglingly amateurish acting and the hole filled, insanely convoluted, and just plain weird screenplay. You'll make yourself laugh as you quote choice lines ("Hi Doggy!" "I feel like I'm sitting on an atom bomb that's about to explode!" "The world would be a better place if everyone loved each other." "Oh hi _______!" "Chocolate is the symbol of love." "Cheep cheep cheep!" et al) and mime Wiseau's hilariously awkward motions and slurred cadences ("It's not true, I did not hit her! I DID NOOOOT."). You'll try in vain to convey the sheer weirdness of the incessant football playing, the hilarity of the jogging at the park, the brilliance of Chris R., the beautiful blue-screened rooftop, the horrific sex scenes that never seem to end, the mantra-like, gut-wrenchingly saccharine pop songs that accompany said sex scenes, and the inescapable, mind-erasing voids of Lisa and Claudette's mother-daughter one-on-one's. However, frustratingly for the would-be promoter of the film, these sorts of descriptions do little in the way of actually capturing the genuine magic that occurs when one sees "The Room" for the first time.After hearing about the film on NPR, my interest was peaked. Soon after, I discovered that there were several clips of the film available to view on Youtube. After watching the rooftop conversation between Johnny and Mark, and an excerpt of the tuxedo-clad football game, I was sold. Living over 2000 miles from Los Angeles, I knew my only option was to purchase the DVD, which retails for about $11 on Amazon. Later that week, I found myself staring at Wiseau's curiously droopy face and preparing, at long last, to watch "The Room." Words fail to describe my experience; I was immediately hooked. Now, several months later, I've watched the film close to ten times, and I can say without hyperbole that it has become more fascinating and hilarious with each viewing. If you're reading this and you're on the fence about whether or not to go to a screening, or to spend the $11-$15 for the DVD, fear not  you will regret nothing. In fact, you'll begin to wonder how you lived for so long without seeing "The Room." Well, what are you waiting for? "DO YOU UNDERSTAND LIFE??!!"
8 In post-World War II Italy poverty is a dire reality for a large portion of the population. Work is scarce and the opportunities for employment are few and far between. "Ladri Di Biciclette" (translated "The Bicycle Thief") is quietly one of the finest films ever produced. It follows one economically distraught man (Lamberto Maggiorani) who is heading down a desperate path fast. Things look up when he gets a job putting posters on walls in town, but he must sell what few meager possessions he and his family have to buy a bicycle to uphold his end of the business bargain. Naturally tragedy strikes immediately as the title character shows up the very first day Maggiorani is on the job. The police are little help, believing the bicycle is not as important as it really is. Thus Maggiorani and young son Enzo Staiola take it upon themselves to look all over town to try and find the bicycle and bring the thief to justice. "The Bicycle Thief" was originally released in 1948 and won an Honorary Academy Award for Best Foreign Language film the following year (the movie was not released in the U.S. until 1949). It is still a production that strikes deep even today. The lengths and desperate measures that some go through is very evident here. Director Vittorio De Sica crafts a film that is much deeper than it appears on the surface. It examines the human condition and questions society, family, law enforcement, alliances and mental anguish perfectly. "The Bicycle Thief" is an excellent production that has aged well and allows the viewer to think about many subjects that go beyond ordinary cinematic depths. 5 stars out of 5.
8 The opening snow scene depicts an isolated hut where a kid's "Uncle Jarnis" drops in unexpectedly to grill his kid on Norwegian history. When the boy doesn't know the answer, the "uncle" takes it out on the mom, i.e. the uncle's mistress. When the couple repair to a private room, the kid builds a snow­man out­side. It's fitting as in the quiz the Norwegian head of state resumed his position on June 7, 1945, and a snow­man gets its head put on it, too. Amidst some grinding gears the visit ends in separation. The movie picks up years later when some­body has been dismembering women, mothers whose care for their young left some­thing to be desired.The Oslo police have assigned a couple incompetents ("the drunk and the half­wit") to one case. A raw recruit Katherine Bratt (Rebecca Ferguson) investigates another one in Bergen. The official indifference is a seeming indictment against loser moms. In a way it reminds me of an anecdotal story of the Crusades: Opposing armies were set in array when a Muslim rider showed himself trailing a pennant reading "Ave Maria" and dipped in blood. A Christian knight courteously asked the queen for permission to fight him in order to defend the Virgin Mother's honor. Permission was granted, and they had a vigorous fight resulting in them being de-horsed, grappling on the ground, the Christian ending up pinned by the Mohammedan who is just about to administer the coup de grace when suddenly he rolls over dead. The Christian had shortened his sword now using it to stab his opponent in the heart. It was taken as a miracle.Professionally burned out Harry Hole (Michael Fassbender) on a leave of absence asks the new recruit to look into her case. He's got enough cachet to be accepted. He makes progress, but he's out­matched by his opponent both in smarts and equipment. Just as chivalry prevented the armies from interfering with the contest of champions above, there doesn't seem to be any cavalry to come to the rescue. But he's fighting for sacred mother­hood, so who knows what will happen?There is a concurrent story running about Norway's quest for the World Cup, which seems some­how tied into "values that make Norway great." Norway is competing with many other countries. If it's child rearing values, the Jews (whom Hitler slaughtered) held of their law that, (Deut. 6:6-7) "thou shalt teach these words diligently unto thy children, and talk of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou riseth up." The "uncle " in a way was attempting this when the film opens.This command would be modernized by Christianized nations, as per, say, the historical fiction of Rev. William Ware (1797–1852) in his *Julian*: Jesus, "preaching the truths which he conceives to be most essential, and in which the differences are to be discerned between what he holds to be best, and the ancient Law of Moses.  he seems to be rather a restorer of the Law to its true significance, and a rebuker of prevailing corruptions and abuses of it, than one who would over­throw and destroy it." Or in this case (Eph. 6:4), "And ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath: but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord." I've just supplied my own take on the best child-rearing practice that would take the cake on the values scale; the movie doesn't tell us. It just suggests that it must be some­thing better than what was portrayed in the first scene. The viewer is free to supply his own nominee. The movie does, how­ever, suggest that the mothers did have viable matronly instincts but were rail­roaded by their men into impossible situations with their children. But then again, the women made poor decisions on which men to mate with in the first place. And Norwegian culture does seem to be depicted as too permissive to embody the best family values.The scenery in "Snowman" is ultra-simple. The snowmen are basic, and so are the notes. The snow scenes are typically white all over. The back­ground colors are basic solids, lots of prime colors. The music is a succession of single tones, no chords or harmonics. The detectives if they muse on their cases, keep it pretty much to them­selves. If this is a psychological thriller—and it is—then it's basic psychology. Anybody can see it. The effect is a stark depiction of the bleak life of the orphan or neglected child. I mean, the movie never becomes maudlin, nor does it preach, but it leaves one in total sympathy with the children, and even some­what sympathetic to the neglectful moms."The Snowman" was directed by Tomas Alfred. It is too sedate and unpretentious to compete with American detective thrillers for the action-addicted aficionado, but it will surely appeal to the European taste in more mellow fare, and for those who enjoy foreign films. European actors tend to be trained and experienced. Those here were spot-on in their roles and not at all ostentatious. The (important) conversation is all in English, so there's no translation distraction. It's a well done film, but one must have a taste for this kind of detective film to appreciate it.
8 I don't know what's with all the hater reviews. Was it a predictable storyline? Yes, but the jokes were funny, the supporting cast was excellent and the overall message was positive. I went to a matinee that was about half full and there were plenty of people laughing- some laughed at Stuff even I didn't. I think some of the best parts were the lame excuses she gave people for blowing them off.The actor who played her boyfriend was very refreshing and his reactions were exactly what one would expect. I would put this on par with Trainwreck and say it is nothing like her standup. And I walked out wanting to throw out my spanx and sign up for a bikini contest, lol.
8 I liked Ghost Whisperer. I don't know how long it will last, but who can tell nowadays. (I figured Joan of Arcadia for a seven year run.)At least Jennifer Love Hewitt is back and she's not reprising Party of Five this time. She's chasing ghosts, which allows her to do everything she does well except sing. (She has a great voice. Started out singing in Texas at age 3. Maybe she'll meet a singing ghost somewhere along the way.)So it's Ghost Whisperer on CBS versus Medium on NBC and that may rankle Medium fans but Medium is on a different night and seems to be slowing down this season. I always tape Medium because it usually puts me to sleep in the last half-hour, despite the admirable talents of Patricia Arquette and Jake Weber and their wonderful TV kids Sofia Vassilieva and Maria Lark.It isn't Jennifer Love Hewitt versus Patricia Arquette in any case. These two actresses are as different as night and day in look, style and approach. Both total pros and completely capable of leading a series.I didn't like the Medium rip-off scene where a prophetic nightmare wakes Melinda (Jennifer Love Hewitt) in bed with her husband (David Conrad), but once you get past the obvious similarities GW goes way beyond Medium. Melinda doesn't depend on dreams. She sees ghosts everywhere, all the time. (The bedroom in Medium is that show's main set.)Ghost Whisperer is no Dead Zone and it's not jumping on the post-X-Files backlash bandwagon like Supernatural either. It's more Touched By An Angel (a similarity that Dead Zone exec producer Michael Piller specifically instructs his writers to avoid.)The Ghost Whisperer pilot did center entirely on Hewitt, but it's her show, after all. I wondered if they cut stuff out for time. References to what her husband does for a living were rather obviously thrown in as voiceovers until they briefly discussed his day as a paramedic, rather than showing him in action somewhere in the beginning to establish him.I liked that producer Hewitt pulled in character actors Eddie Jones (ex-Pa Kent from Lois & Clark, the Invisible Man's boss, etc) and Jon Polito and also Wentworth Miller (from Prison Break) as guest stars. (And was that June Lockhart as Melinda's grandma? Sure looked like her.) Wentworth Miller reminds me so much of Steve McQueen that I'm hooked on Prison Break, despite the limited nature of that plot line. And the scene where guest Balthazar Getty (as Michael Adams) told Melinda off was terrific.Anyway, there's no denying that Hewitt is beautiful and maturing as an actress. She has a great, expressive face. (I admit that the whole show could be shot in close ups and I'd probably still like it.) Modern former child actors like Hewitt and Sarah Michelle Gellar and Seth Green knock me out because they always seem to know exactly what they're doing. They don't just stand around waiting while other actors deliver their lines. They're always "on".But Hewitt is more than just a pretty face. (She could have been a Charmed One after Shannen Doherty left, but turned down the role.) I say let's see what happens with Ghost Whisperer. It may just be the surprise hit of the season.
8 I need to say this:  THIS MOVIE IS ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC!!!  Sure it starts off slowly, but the fact of the matter is the film is a great story of a family and the alienation associated with aging.  This is the kind of movie that will make you reflect upon your own family and how you treat them.I had never seen an Ozu film before, but now I feel as if I must see them all.  His use of cinematic space is incredible.  He breaks all sorts of conventions with his cinematography such as violating the axis of action. This gives the viewer the sense of a large, open, unrestricted world.Going with this realism, the characters seem real; not for a moment did I see the people on the screen as actors.  They were the family, and you as the viewer feels what they feel.  Part of this comes from the use of head-on-shots such that the characters are speaking TO you.It is a fantastic, moving piece of work and arguably one of the best films ever made.
8 I often joke with friends about the fact that if you film it, it's not prostitution, and this film is exactly that. I guess it is creative, but boy, a money shot within the first moments of a "film"? We Americans are often considered prudish vs our European counterparts, but this film has more in common with porn than with an art film. How much does an actress get paid to swallow on camera? Compared to Irreversible in the description, in which a BRUTAL rape sequence that goes on and on, makes me wonder what people won't do on film. Surely there are redeeming qualities to the camera work and lighting, but where does the line get drawn? Snuff films?? I'd never be one to stifle creativity, but this just seems tasteless, though I'm not sure that's what she said.
8 L.A. Confidential is, without a doubt, the best film of the 1990s, and quite possibly one of the best films ever made.As with any great film, it all starts with the writing.  The story is riveting, the dialogue is smart and quite funny, and the characters are written in three dimensions.The acting is phenomenal.  Perhaps a bigger tragedy than L.A. Confidential's loss to Titanic in the Best Picture race is that none of the three lead actors even garnered nominations.  Russell Crowe, Guy Pearce, and Kevin Spacey are absolutely phenomenal; it is their characters that drive this fascinating story about police corruption in 1950s Los Angeles.  We get to know these people, to understand who they are and why they do what they do, and to root for them to overcome their imperfections.The directing is fantastic.  Curtis Hanson doesn't shove anything in the audience's face; instead, he allows the audience to discover the film's nuances on their own.  (That makes this an excellent film for repeat viewings, you truly catch something new every time).  1950s Los Angeles is reproduced beautifully.  The editing is quick and seamless, the music is perfect for the film (Hanson should teach other directors how to do a montage effectively), and the cinematography is great.I can't find a negative thing to say about this film.  It's truly a masterpiece.
8 This film tells the story of a seven year old boy, who has very busy but loving parents. One day, his parents bring home a baby boy. He gets intensely jealous from sibling rivalry, until he discovers that the baby can talk and is actually working for a company. "The Boss Baby" is a really fun film for the whole family. The baby is super cute, and everyone will fall in love with the baby in an instant. The sibling rivalry plot is convincing, then the fantasy kicks in. The jokes are funny and family friendly. Actually everything about the film, from the plot to the characters are likable, fun and cute. I was very entertained.
8 In my opinion the biggest problem and the reason for all the down votes of this movie is it's trailer. I also thought this movie was going to be a full-on comedy. Seeing Jason Sudeikis,Kristen Wiig in the trailer; all the jokes made me believe this is going to be funny to watch. Well, both of them were in the movie for like 7 minutes. Also there was this anticipation of experiencing how the "small" world would be but that also is a really tiny part of the movie.This movie is much more than the trailer offers but unfortunately it also is much less than it too. Watch this movie but change your expectations.
8 John Nash is something of a mathematical wizard. Constantly searching for something with which to make his name, he finds his calling by code breaking for the government. But with that comes a sense of paranoia and pretty soon John is sliding desperately into schizophrenia.There is a school of thought that says any decent film about the mentally ill or afflicted is a sure fire way to attract the awards givers. Personally it bothers me that it bothers me that people view these films in this demeaning manner. If a story is worth telling then lets get it out there for all to see. Would the cinema world and all those stuffy film lovers really be happy if film makers didn't tell these remarkable stories? A Beautiful Mind is one such picture that divides opinions, although exemplary made and well put together, it doesn't adhere quite to the facts of Nash's life-it's an interpretation that smooths out the drama by way of delivering a safe and watchable biography. It was nominated for eight Academy Awards, winning four for Best Film, Best Director {Ron Howard}, Best Supporting Actress {Jennifer Connelly} and Best Adapted Screenplay {Akiva Goldsman adapting from the book by Sylvia Nash}. Yet as great as that roll call is, the big surprise is the omission of a win for Russell Crowe in the Best Actor category. For as tidy and engrossing as the film is, and it is folks, it's because of the big Kiwi that the film breaks free of your standard emotional heart tugger. It's a superlative performance from Crowe and him not winning is probably more to do with his much publicised dust up at the BAFTAS a few weeks before the Oscar ceremony: than his undoubted acting ability.The film as a whole should not be viewed as a representation of John Nash's life, many important things from Sylvia Nash's book have been omitted. But crucially it's important to note that in making this film, the makers have brought Nobel Prize winner Nash to the public's attention, whilst simultaneously giving awareness to the sadness of those suffering with schizophrenia. OK, so it's far from perfect in its portrayal of Nash the man, but ultimately the cinematic world is a far better place when the likes of A Beautiful Mind are being made and the film lovers are flocking to see it. And then some. 8/10
8 Hulk is a very surprising film. When I first saw it when I was like nine or ten I was confused, shocked and somewhat disappointed. My expectations at the time had not been met. What I had been expecting and hoping was just endless scenes of the hulk smashing sh#t up. What I got was an art film. At the time I didn't understand or care about any of the split screens, dream sequences, etc, I was just waiting for the hulk to show up and destroy stuff.(The hulk dosen't show up till about 40 minutes into the movie, by the way.) I eventually began to get restless because it is a very slow movie and when it was over I felt very disappointed.A few years later I bought the DVD to give it another try, and I was very surprised with how good it actually was, now that I had gotten older and could appreciate the style, acting and pretty much everything else. The acting is quite good in the film, especially Nick Nolte, who almost steals the show as Bruce Banner's father, David Banner. Eric Bana is decent as the hulk, but I prefer Mark Ruffalo as the hulk in the avengers. Unlike other movies based on comic books, Hulk actually looks like a comic book, due to the split screens. This works most of the time,as it gives the film a unique look thats different from other comic book movies.Now to the much criticised CGI, which for me is a mixed bag. The close ups of the hulk work, because his facial expressions are well done and you can actually feel sympathy for him. However the long shots of him, especially in the desert scenes, look a bit cheesy but definitely not as bad as some critics have been saying. Apart from that the visual effects are top notch.Overall, Hulk is a refreshing change from standard and bland superhero movies. It takes its time setting up the plot and characters, which works because you have almost fully fleshed out characters and not cardboard cut outs. The repressed memories and psychology of the hulk is much more interesting than the standard heroics of superman or captain America. So to sum it up, I wouldn't recommend this movie to young kids because there are a number of intense scenes and it is a fairly long and slow movie, so those with short attention spans won't be well rewarded. But for those who are prepared to accept that it is more an art film than an action film then you will be well rewarded.The film isn't perfect, but every time I watch it on DVD it grows on me and I find myself wishing sometimes that more action blockbusters were like this, but then if they were I doubt they would be blockbusters.
8 I've seen better, I've seen worse. This will be forgotten in a few weeks.I just didn't care about any of the characters. I typically enjoy BlumHouse horror films but this just felt lazy.
4 Love Ms Henson. The movie was slow and unfocused. Should have had mob family located in realistic place. Boston really??The writers and director should have watched a few more movies with Pam Grier as female lead. Maybe even watch domino or the female assassin from John Wick 2. Characters were weak and one dimensional. Hope sequel is better researched and more character development. Will be watching ?!$
4 This film is a classic case of "we just have to make a film about that premise", however what the people involved didn't do well is figure out how to cover all the plot holes the premise was always going to introduce.The introduction is moving and sets up the premise well, however I started to realise the lack of care that would be taken later in the film when I realised that I was being asked to believe that a four-year-old (left to walk by himself at the rear of a family in a dangerous situation) could get two batteries inserted in a toy. Even if the kid could do it, the chances would be only one in four of getting the batteries oriented correctly. Why didn't the creature come back to hunt the father based on the sound of his running footsteps?So it's possible to kill the creatures with a gun? Okay, then ... with gun ownership in the US being about one per capita, surely the creatures would have been wiped out long ago by having provided the population with the target practice they must secretly crave?So a family with kids survived whatever (unexplained) apocalypse occurred prior to the film's beginning, but the army didn't?So the creatures have no vision and super-sensitive hearing? What about a sense of smell?So no one talks in their sleep or snores (or has farts)? Do toilets flush?So the creatures can rip though a metal grain silo, but not instantly get into a truck to get at the two kids inside? And out of interest, how do you harvest a field of corn without making a sound? How do you remove the kernels of corn from the cobs and get them into the silo?So they have to play Monopoly with crocheted pieces (to avoid noise), but the sound of a truck rolling down a hillside is okay?I think that would be shortest labour in history. I'm pretty sure the timeline in the movie is continuous enough to prove that she only had three or four contractions. None of that annoying 30-hour stuff for her!Would the hearing aid really have broadcast with enough power in the right frequencies to affect the creatures that much? Would those frequencies have been reproduced by the microphone system? Who knows? Perhaps. To be honest, I find the similar resolution based on the playing of Slim Whitman's "Indian Love Call" in the film "Mars Attacks!" to be almost as believable.Why not spend most of your time living behind the waterfall? Why not set up a remote-control noise maker on the lawn and set up position on the porch with a shotgun? And I'm sure that I'm only scratching the surface when it comes to solutions.And there were too many horror-movie clichés: intensely irritating sounds at crucial moments and terror originating just outside of shots tightly centered on actors.The cocking of a shotgun just prior to the credits screams sequel. That really would leave me speechless.I will say that I thought the actors did a fine job. No problems there. If you want to suspend disbelief entirely and just let horror clichés wash over you for ninety minutes ... this is the film for you.
4 This movie is just like any other horror movie you've seen before. Brings absolutely nothing new to the table. Pretty boring. Scary for about 5 to 10 minutes of its runtime. Typical horror movie filled with clichés. I really wouldn't recommend it to anyone, unless this is the first horror you are going to see in your life. In that case it'll be fine. All in all total mediocrity. 4/10
4 "The Secret Life of Pets" is one of the most known animated films from the United States this year (2016). The two directors and four writers who made this include a couple names that worked on films from the Minions universe, so nobody should be surprised that a Minions short film runs before "Pets" and there is also another reference at the very end with one of the pets being dressed like a Minion. But back to this one here. I was as unimpressed by the outcome here as I was by the newest "Minions" movie. The film runs for approximately 90 minutes and gives us an insight into the life of pets and what they do when their owners are off to work and not in charge. Heard that before? That's right. The general idea here reminded me a lot of the Toy Story approach to things. And there are more references. For example, the two main characters (dogs) felt a lot like the protagonists from the "Monsters Inc." universe in terms of their size and interactions. So yeah, "Pets" definitely borrows a lot from other films, but what is the most disappointing thing is that it tries to be creative in his own right at times, but almost never succeeds and this is pretty shocking looking at how many films worked on this one."Pets" is definitely not a failure and there are several parts where I enjoyed it from the comedic perspective. I also liked some minor references, for example early on about how the main character does not like to be at home alone. The comedy is not the problem here. It is the emotional impact. The only part where it is close to making one is when we find out about the new dog's owner and his journey back to his old owner's house. Other than that, the drama is entirely forgettable and good animation is just not enough anymore today on the level of Pixar quality. There are many flaws with the story in here. First of all, the makers thrown in one character after the other without really elaborating on any of them. Honestly, counting all the (lost) pets, there are enough characters for three films in here. Another problem is their behavior. It felt a bit strange how they quickly stepped in for each other out of nowhere when moments before we still felt that they did not like each other at all and this refers to the two dogs as well as the fluffy white rabbit who turns out the main antagonist. We see all the time how evil and cold-hearted he is and then out of nowhere he risks his life for his enemies basically.Another big problem I had with the film is that I had no idea what the characters' goals were throughout the film, at least for the two dogs. Enjoy a day out? Run from the lost pets? Run from the dog-catcher? They were just out there and it really had no purpose and then in the end they return home safely and it's all good with everybody being friends with everybody. I was not convinced at all. Also about the love interest of the main character, there was contradictory behavior. On one occasions she acts as if she wants nobody to know who she has a crush on and then she screams it out to everybody. It was pretty bizarre and the writing really lacked a lot on some occasions. This is also why my overall verdict for the film is negative. I give it a thumbs-down and if they ever make a sequel I must say I have very little interest in seeing it as this film was quite a disappointment and for me personally, it is nowhere near being a contender for best animated film of 2016, even with all the known voice actors in the German as well as English version. Not even for Louis C.K., everyone can be a winner.
4 This film is not recommended.Frank Miller's Sin City 2: A Dame to Kill For may seem like an excessively long title, but excessive and long do perfectly describe this film.Filmed in black and white, with spatters of killer red blood to give it some panache, the film is a stylish crime thriller with live action and graphic (as in novel and/or violence) effects. Similar to its 2005 predecessor (which I thoroughly enjoyed), but now lacking in its originality and inventiveness, Frank Miller's Sin City 2: A Dame to Kill seems like a cheap knock-off. Its homage to film noir, with its femme-fatales and tough guys, wears thin by its gory conclusion, even if the package looks swell. Evil is everywhere. After all, this is Sin City. The film's underlying sadism and misogyny is disguised by the film's surreal and artful use of stark black & white imagery with burst of color to accentuate every scene. Women remain highly sexualized beings, objects of desire. Men fall in the category of corrupt fools, desperate schmucks, romantic lugs, or bloodthirsty savages. Some of the same characters are back. Deformed goon Marv (Mickey Rourke), pitiful stripper Nancy (Jessica Alba), seedy PI and hero type Dwight (now played by Josh Brolin), prostitute and dominatrix Gail (Rosario Dawson), corrupt politician and main villain Senator Roarke (Powers Boothe), even dead dick (Bruce Willis) appears briefly. But their pulp fiction story lines are monotonous reminders of better told tales from the original source. New characters do enter the multi-story format: A young gambler (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), sexy slut Ava (Eva Green), who just can't keep her clothes on, and other unsavory characters come and go. Their stories give the film some needed energy, but most of the action is rather dull, even with the fancy facades.The excessive nudity and violence is the predominant shock factor in this genre. Blood and boobs reign supreme. In fact, Ms. Green's breasts have a life of their own. Her ample bosoms seem to have more screen time than the actress herself. (But who's complaining? Certainly not the intended audience of fan-boys and adolescents.)Directed by Mr. Miller himself and Robert Rodriguez, Frank Miller's Sin City 2: A Dame to Kill For is a pop extravaganza that implodes from its own excesses. Unlike its first incarnation which had an artistic execution and vision, this version is literally all execution without any artistic vision. The film's overall look has a flatness and artificiality, relying on garish make-up and far too many CGI visual tricks. Its narrative structure is as choppy as one of the film's Ninja Amazon killers. Frank Miller's Sin City 2: A Dame to Kill For just ain't any fun the second time around. Ultimately, this film parody becomes a parody onto itself. It tends to exhaust rather than exhilarate its movie-going audience. GRADE: D+Visit my blog at: www.dearmoviegoer.comANY COMMENTS: Please contact me at: jadepietro@rcn.com
4 I'm a fan of Peter Lorre's and I love black & white films.  I enjoy foreign films.  I even like trying to twist my brain around mind-boggling, symbol-filled, convoluted art flicks.  But I was incredibly disappointed in, *M*.It had a lot of potential, but it kept drowning in itself.  It took me a while to understand this.  The plot itself wasn't overly complex -- so why did I still have the feeling of unpleasant confusion.  What I finally realized is that *M*'s downfall is that it can't decide what it is.I went into it with a general understanding of what it was going to be about, and knowing Peter Lorre's work I had certain expectations.  The parts of the movie that were most satisfying to me were those which fit those expectations: a tense, shadowy atmosphere made all the more eerie and suspenseful by the skillful use of, "In the Hall of Mountain King."Other parts of the movie felt more like a police procedural.  There is certainly a place for the Ed McBain's of our world, but that place is not being mixed in with Robyn Cook.  These segments felt out of place, and they jarringly interrupted the mood created by the spookier, more emotionally taut scenes.The much-applauded ending had the same problem for me: it suddenly introduced yet another mood -- that of introspection and social consciousness.  This was too distinct from either of the other two moods to feel as if it were even part of the same picture.Each mood, each theme, each general strain could have been very good on its own -- but, as a package, the film felt ill-blended.  And, as much as I enjoy paradox and even confusion, they are not, in of themselves, sufficient criteria for a good film.
4 This movie is so obviously trying to be edgy & artsy, it might as well have had someone walking out with a sign at key moments- "laugh here" "gasp here" "tear up here". I love the actors, the characters were super colorful & the movie wasn't boring. Other than that, it felt like someone took a template of a dark comedy & then just left out the realism. Going out on a limb here but I'd say people don't normally use the F word & C word that often. Policemen don't act like that ...and still have a job. Assault, arson or attempted murder are causes for arrest (even for cops)People don't let their friends do jail time for the sake of leaving signs in the street (that was a friend, right?)That 19 year old girl would not be attracted to the exMaking fun dating a little person might have been funny 20 years ago (and then his enlightening 'look in the mirror' speech as he left the table was ... meh) Also, that was quite a 180 for the vicious, racist cop who throws people out of windows. Too many unrealistic situations & reactions. And why did that random suspect guy come into the shop in the first place? Did he rape someone in Irag? And throw a turtle in there while you're at it.Sorry, love the premise, love the actors but sometimes I think critics just have a checklist they go by.
4 Just Go With It sits in the middle of the best and worst Adam Sandler films this side of the millennium. Many, considerable pitfalls exists. Sandler piles on the lies to get his girl. Firstly, pretending to have an ex-wife (Jennifer Aniston), because Sandler gets caught wearing his old wedding ring that scores him many girls (in his dreams). Secondly, having two children when he has none. Thirdly, his cousin Nick Swardson enters the fray, pretending to be Aniston's new German backpacker boyfriend. The lies are awful and flimsy. The charade's kept up for the entire movie. It'd be convincing if Sandler was only trying to get his leg over. Some laughs come from it, just not many memorable ones. Aniston is the prize winner here. She's the good in a jumble of mess. This film is aptly named, as if it's telling us just to go with it too.
4 ..but, as a person who've seen hundreds of horror movies, this was one of the movies that we've all seen before. However, I quite enjoyed the movie at the beginning but as the people around her started dying it kinda just felt like watching a tiresome merry-go-round that you know exactly how it'll end. But seeing the movie for what it is - a PG13 horror film that has one or two okay jump scares and is only meant to freak you out a little bit - it's actually OK. The actors were good, except from one who was downright awful, and the cinematography was well thought out. Editing could've been better and so could the writing, but I'm not gonna focus on analyzing this movie, to be honest it's not worth it. So I guess to summon it all up - If you're a horror-maniac such as myself, you'll probably see this movie as a cozy little distraction one Tuesday night - if you even bother to watch 'til the end. But, if you're not really a horror person I think you'll find this movie to be just enough scary for you.And let's all be honest - It was definitely better than 'Unfriended'. What that says about this movie, I'll leave it upon you to decide...
4 That's like saying Ryan Reynolds carried 'Buried.' When I saw the trailer, I had high expectations - and for the most part, 'The Shallows' delivered. A solid, but overrated performance by Blake Lively, and a nice slow pace. However, the entire film blows up during the final showdown. I kept reading about the whole buoy scene, and thought to myself - well, how bad can it be? Turns out, it's some of the worst collection of scenes in the last five years. It ranks up/down there with the 'Fast & Furious' tunnel scene.Horror fans are so desperate for a decent film, it's no wonder they label this as the 'Jaws for this generation.' Yeah. It's not even close to 'Jaws' in ANY generation. 'Jaws' had superior acting to the extent of third man Robert Shaw's performance blowing any performance you'll see in 'The Shallows' out of the water - pun intended. And 'Bruce The Shark' is still one of the most frightening monsters in the genres history - where the CGI loaded nonsense we get in 'The Shallows' is borderline amateur, and reaches the point of hilarity.Random Ramblings of a Madman: I'm not going to compare the great 'Jaws' to a film that's not even as good as 'The Reef' or 'Open Water.' I enjoyed both of those films, by the way.
4 I watched The Hurricane Heist last night with my family, we went to the cinema without knowing anything about this film, I thought I was going to watch something like Fast & Furious or Mad Max: Fury Road, but I was wrong.This film has a hurricane and a heist but it's one of the most cheesy action movies I've seen in my life, it's full of plot holes, the character development is weak, I've seen porn movies with a better soundtrack or even with a better cast, and there are a lot of things that doesn't make sense.Looks like some of those cheesy action films that we used to have during the 80s and 90s.Have you heard "so bad it's good"? I can say The Hurrican Heist is so bad it's kinda enjoyable.Rating: 4.5/10It isn't the worst action movie on the world but is very away from to be a good movie.
4 There's something overwhelmingly sad about a great production company releasing a disappointing film, especially when said film has a genius core concept and a terrific cast. It's as if the stars align only to lead you down a false sense of hope - indeed, disappointing films are a lot worse than ones where you never had much hope to begin with. Early Man, the latest feature by the renowned Aardman Animation, comes coupled with that very same crushing disappointment. It isn't even just that this isn't to the same brilliant standard as their other work, I'd go as far as saying it's Aardman's first genuinely poor film.We find ourselves in the Stone Age (in Manchester, we're told by a title card in one of the film's few funny moments) where a small tribe of cavemen including Dug (Eddie Redmayne) live peacefully if mundanely in a small valley. Suddenly, their valley is taken over by Lord Nooth (Tom Hiddleston), the leader of a Bronze Age city where a giant football stadium is built. After some bartering and pleading, Nooth proposes that he will relocate his city and leave Dug's tribe in peace if they can beat his champion team in a football match. Inspired by the cavemen's history of football, Dug accepts the offer and, with the help of Bronze City townsperson Goona (Maisie Williams), attempts to train up his tribe to win the match.It's a brilliant set up, as wacky as it is irresistible, but Mark Burton and James Higginson's script never really mines it for its full potential. Slapstick comedy rolls in fast but the film lacks the energetic pace of say The Shaun the Sheep Movie to make this style of humour work - most of it lands awkwardly and without any real punchline. Besides a late saving grace in the form of two football commentators (whose dialogue is brilliantly inspired and endlessly funny) the film's script lacks any wit or spark, seemingly carried away by the bizarreness of its premise and assuming its work is already done. There's the odd clever visual gag here and there but Early Man is a frustratingly laughless experience, making you long for the more comedic nature of Aardman's Chicken Run or Flushed Away.As well as lacking humour, Early Man's characters barely leap off the screen either. While Dug himself is likeable enough - mostly due to Redmayne's infectious voice performance and the film's quirky character design - there's never a sense that we're watching anyone particularly memorable. Granted, not every film Aardman release needs to serve up a roster of unforgettable characters, but Early Man comes with the impression that it isn't really trying. Keeping Dug's relationship with Goona purely platonic is smart, but even then their friendship doesn't exactly glow. Character motivations range between weak and predictable, and whenever the film has a moment of celebration or emotion it's very rarely felt. Everything just comes across a little bit under done and a little bit lazy. While there's something to be said for a film that rolls with its simplicity and doesn't long to be anything more, Early Man takes this spirit too far. Almost everything here is cheap and easy, resulting in a film that never capitalises on its various ideas and ultimately collapses before it crosses the finish line - and the film barely crosses the 90 minute mark. I saw Early Man in a crowded cinema, filled with families and groups of all ages, and it wasn't tough to notice the lack of enthusiasm about what we'd all just seen once the lights came back on. Aardman's lightheartedness and stop motion animation may always keep kids entertained, but this could be their first film that loses the love from anyone above the age of ten. Early Man has the makings of a Premier League team, but it lands more like Second Division.
4 In this movie, there were way too many flashback scenes and it was often way too confusing to tell if it was a flashback scene or not. Each time it cut to a new scene, you had to figure out each time if it was from 2002 or 2015. Further complicating the matter was how the actors and actresses had the exact same hair-styles and looked the same ages in the 2002 and the 2015 scenes. If they would've shot the 2002-era scenes first and then had a make-up and hair crew change the hairstyles and make-up enough to make it easier to tell which decade the scenes were from, that would've helped a lot. Better yet, just doing the film in chronological order would've made the move far better and a lot more enjoyable to watch. Using flashbacks when everyone involved was too lazy and unprofessional to make it work knocked the movie down from a solid 7 to a weak 4.
4 Only good thing to say was the production values. Keaton cashed in on a film beneath him. Hollywood wasted another book which could easily have been scripted far better, and been the basis of sequels. Apparently all that is needed to find an international terrorist cell is hang around outside their bank. And then allow a hormone driven nearly man to punch anyone he wants and they spill the beans. PatheticAnother grown up not going to the cinema for a while now. There is little else to add.
4 Should I start mentioning its empty plot, scattered chasing sequences that are put one after another with no reason, its absurd and silly jokes that just are not funny? I can't even remember if I smiled once while watching this stupid movie ..... no no hold a second, I think I smiled once because they used the wilhelm scream and I believe that at this time I was supposed to cry or something.Of course the villain is so weak and his backstory and motives don't make any sense. By the way, the villain is just a miserable try to make a version of the joker in The Lego Batman Movie.The most infuriating thing is that the movie tries to make you feel it's smart; showing 2D animated scenes to display the way Sherlock Gnomes thinks or how he tries to solve the mystery and all that absolutely nonsensical. Also, there is a plot twist that is presumed to be surprising.there are man many other problem but let's get over them and mention the very few things that I liked in this movie:The animation quality is surprisingly quite good.James McAvoy's and Johnny Depp's voice acting are the only two that are kinda good but the other actors aren't good (Emily Blunt's voice acting is very idle)The first 20 minutes are fast paced so I think this is a bonus! (The pace dragged every once in awhile due to "dramatic" moments or just to play some songs)I'm so disappointed that this movie came from John Stevenson, the same director who brought us Kung Fu Panda. (4.5/10)
4 The snowy white landscapes of Oslo seemed like the perfect setting for chilling crime thriller The Snowman, a film based on Jo Nesbø's novel of the same name. The trailers promised so much and with a lead actor like Michael Fassbender on board, it had the potential to be one of the most intense films of the year. When Harry Hole (Michael Fassbender) is called to investigate a string of murders where the killer leaves snowmen as a calling card, he must delve into past cases to make a connection before the killer strikes again.For a crime thriller to work, it must grip the audience right through to the end. The first half of The Snowman had my full attention, unsure of where the story was going to go or what would be revealed however, as the film drew on and revelations were made, it utterly lost me due to how lazy it became. They storytelling that felt so strong in the first half was totally absent in the second, none of the revelations as impactful as they should have been and the ending coming so abruptly. I hate the fact the film didn't seem to wrap up this story properly before closing with such a sequel baiting final scene.As with Tomas Alfredson's previous films, the pacing is pretty slow however, unlike Let the Right One In and Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, the consistence in quality isn't maintained throughout. Half an hour before the end I was ready for it to finish. Such a shame because this had such potential to be such a creepy thriller, instead the snowmen left as calling cards coming across as more comical than anything.Coming to the performances, The Snowman isn't exactly let down at all. It's just they feel a little uninspired considering some of the actors working in the film. Michael Fassbender is one of the best actors working today but even if he looks as if he's given up on the film towards the end. I'm still waiting for a Fassbender performance as good as Steve Jobs, and that was two years ago now. While I don't think anyone gave a bad performance, the likes of Rebecca Ferguson, Val Kilmer, Toby Jones and J. K. Simmons were left a little too underused for my liking.A film of two halves for me, starting so promisingly before fizzling out to such an unsatisfying finale, The Snowman is rather annoyingly one of the biggest disappointments of the year.
4 Grade: CRating: R, 1 hour 29 minutesIn a Nutshell: Who doesn't love Taraji P. Henson? I thought she was great in Hidden Figures, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. She is equally competent on TV, such as in Empire Season 1 and Person of Interest: Season 1. I expected great things from her in this film and wasn't disappointed. She's much more talented than this script and is the only reason worth seeing this movie. Tips for parents: Violence, murderSeveral people beat up a young boy.F-bombs and other profanity.Bloody deaths.Uplifting theme: FamilySecond chances, redemption  Things I liked:Danny Glover still has it, although he's so lovable that it's hard to take him seriously as a hard-core hit-man boss. I was waiting for that famous Tina Turner moment when the Proud Mary song would play while Taraji kicked butt. You have to wait a long time, but it's fun when it finally happens.Things I didn't like:The blonde wig doesn't quite work for Taraji like it did for Charlize Theron in Atomic Blonde, but we get the point. Cliched Russians.Not a single cop to be found, despite all of the violence and shooting in the neighborhood.That last shoot 'em up scene was ridiculous.No advance screenings for the media or critics to preview the film. Haven't the producers heard of marketing?
4 During the last 5 years, we have been seeing a boom of adult comedies with female characters (such as Bridesmaids, Sisters or The To Do List) which have "dared" to usurp the scatological humor usually reserved for male characters. However, that subversion of gender roles isn't an automatic guarantee of quality, as the horrible Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates proves so. That's a pity, because I'm an admirer of Adam DeVine, Aubrey Plaza and Anna Kendrick. However, they weren't able to do anything substantial with such a poor screenplay. Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates is one of those movies which employ vulgarity as an end in itself, without having genuine humor in its screenplay. And the least I say about the "dramatic" moments, in which the characters must learn something, or mature, or assume responsibilities for their actions, the better. In conclusion, the "female comedies" I mentioned on the beginning of this review are much better options than this piece of junk. However, Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates tries it everything, and that might work for other spectators. Each one will know his/her affinity or tolerance for movies like this one. Good experience or nightmare without an escape? That's a real life situation which should be adapted into a film. But without Zac Efron, please (No! I almost achieved not insulting him!).
4 Let me make this pretty quick -- a friend brought this Ingmar Bergman "classic" to the house last night (on Blu-ray), and it was my first experience with this acclaimed filmmaker. All I can say is, I was immediately struck by the cinematography, and I started getting interested in the idea of a knight (Max Von Sydow) playing chess with "Death" himself, as a means of deciding the fate of his own soul.... but that's as far as it went.From then on, nothing made much sense and the noble core idea of the film (presumably about questioning death, and the existence of God) seemed to go out the window, as we spend our time with secondary characters I just could not become interested in. I wanted to focus more on Max von Sydow's troubled crusader and his crisis of faith, especially since I myself am presently going through some personal bouts of despair in my personal life with my own crosses to bear... but he was only sparingly used, and I just could not follow any type of coherent storyline to this thing, for all its pretty picture style. There was no story, just images... and it's not that this approach never works for me in other films, but it didn't connect for me this time. I can't say that this is going to be my last visitation with Bergman, but this is not a promising start, considering this is allegedly one of his greatest works, if not THE greatest. Apologies to Woody Allen. Okay, let the slings and arrows fly. ** out of ****
4 Who came up with this awful mess? Goyer? Hope he doesn't have much to do with any other Marvel movies coming out soon, or I won't be seeing them in theaters. Every part of this movie was awful. It's almost as if a child wrote it. The whole "back to the beginning" thing has been done so many times and this time was the worst that I have ever seen. This part of the storyline was especially disappointing, since I have always enjoyed the way the vampires existence was explained in the previous blade movies. Although, the acting wasn't stellar, I don't think they could be blamed for much. Seems like the majority of the blame falls on the writer/director. Character development was atrocious. Seemed like far too much time was given to unimportant characters .. Triple H .. and far too little on those characters around which the movie should have been centered.
4 In 1982, two films were released within weeks of each other that were both about aliens. Steven Spielberg's ET, and John Carpenter's The Thing. Of the two of them, ET was the one that won the hearts of people the world over, even though The Thing debuted first. Because people were so entranced with Spielberg's warm, fuzzy feelgood alien fable, they stayed away from The Thing in droves.Its not hard to see why. The two are diametrically opposed. One is an optimistic tale designed to warm the cockles of the still-beating heart. The other is a harsh, uncompromising film that paints alien life as something purely determined to destroy us. I guess audiences felt ET was a much cuter prospect than The Thing's tentacles and slime coated saliva!It's taken some time, but The Thing has gone on to win over a substantial cult audience. As it should. Because The Thing is that rare example of a superior remake. It takes all the best qualities of the 1951 classic, and reinvents them in startling and imaginative ways. Indeed Carpenter does his job so well he actually succeeds in making a film that is in every inch the equal of the genre's showrunner, Alien. And that's even rarer!Carpenter's film follows its source material more faithfully than The Thing From Another World did. It keeps the frigid wastes of Antarctica as a setting, because its the perfect backdrop when you're trying to establish a heightened sense of isolation. But although a bit thin on characterisation, the remake gets right inside the mindset of the actors, and amplifies the uncertainty and fear that slowly surrounds them.Frequent Carpenter collaborator Kurt Russell returns, hot off the success of Escape From New York, cast once again as one of Carpenter's perpetual anti-heroes. He plays MacReady, the helicopter pilot at an Antarctic research station (what they're researching is anyone's guess). The trouble begins when a Norwegian chopper from a nearby station flies over MacReady's, trying to gun down a Siberian Husky from the air.They end up dying for their troubles, and while the camp tries to solve the mystery of what happened, they take in the Husky and add it to their own. Except that this Husky, is not a Husky at all. But a shape-changing alien. The Norwegians discovered it frozen in the ice, and when they thawed it out, it massacred their crew. Capable of absorbing its victims at will, it can duplicate a living being right down to the smallest detail. Soon paranoia and suspicion works its way through the 12-man crew, until no-one is certain who is human and who is not.The Thing is one of John Carpenter's finest films. In fact I'm tempted to say its the best film he's ever made. Even surpassing classics like Halloween and Dark Star. The reason why I place The Thing at the top of Carpenter's list is that it feels like the last film of his that could truly be called a classic. All the others thereafter have felt like Carpenter was slumming it. Films that didn't flow with the cool sophistication and ragged intensity so prevalent in his earlier works.But The Thing had John Carpenter at the peak of his powers. Never has he generated suspense to such an unbearable degree. Not even in the ferocious Assault on Precinct 13. From the second the alien makes its presence known, Carpenter ratchets up the tension level relentlessly. And when he delivers his punches, they come with an agonising jolt.The film is a blend of pure atmospherics and visceral horror. An approach that can often seem at odds with one another, but in Carpenter's hands melds together beautifully. Bringing in Rob Bottin of The Howling fame, he lays to bear some of the most astonishing transformation effects you'll ever see in a horror film. Amorphous shapes. Half-formed human features starkly contrasted with gaping jaws, spider legs and fully flexible tentacles. Indeed the film's effects are so amazing and squirm-inducing, The Thing came under fire for being too realistic!That type of thinking misses the point entirely. It only shortchanges the film's values. And there are many. Carpenter only stages an effects setpiece when he needs to. Its in the film's quieter moments where he seems especially attuned to the story. The Thing is an often bewildering tale of shadows, whispers and implications. Characterisation has never been one of John Carpenter's strong suits, but it works to his advantage in The Thing. Because we hardly know anything about the cast, it only makes the present situation that much more confusing. We're never certain, from one moment to the next who is who. And because of this, The Thing holds up very well and maintains its mystery on subsequent viewings.A special mention should go to the excellent film score from Ennio Morricone. A pulsing thud thud every two seconds. It creates an eerie, spooky feeling that is very hard to shake. The whole film is a wonderful exercise in paranoid manipulation. The scene where they blood-test each other to see who's human is wound up with such dexterity by Carpenter, you may find yourself biting your nails without even realising.The Thing is a pure unadulterated classic. Even the ending leaves you with the vague suspicion that not everything is resolved. An underrated film, well worth the reappraisal it received. And so much better than ET!
4 In 1976, two Palestinian and two German terrorists hijack Air France Flight 139 en route from Tel Aviv, Israel to Paris, France via Athens, Greece. They hold the passengers and crew hostage at Entebbe and demanded a ransom of $5 million for the airplane and the release of 53 Palestinian and pro-Palestinian militants, 40 of whom were prisoners in Israel. When all diplomatic efforts fail, the Israeli government approves a counter-terrorist hostage rescue operation by IDF commandos.
4 Special effects? Good.Script? Terrible. No plot. No depth. No meaning. This film rendered Superman as a meaningless hero, a hero with no archetype. In the original film, he represented America in the Cold War. Here, he represented nothing but a Hulk.Sure, the actors were fine. Kevin Spacey was a fine choice, among others.This still does not resolve the problem that this film had no depth whatsoever. I cannot see how anyone can come away with anything meaningful from this film, when Superman was, and is, daily created to be a meaningful hero in not only comics but also in people's minds. This was a real waste of money considering how many directions this film could have taken.Just a few instances: Lex Luthor could have been a villain of global corporatism, political domination, totalitarianism, and on and on and on. He was just another goofball Hackman incarnation.And Superman? For what did he stand in this film? Nothing but another hack "savior" figure.Wait until it comes to the dollar theater if you see it at all.
4 A recurring theme in Martin Scorsese's filmography is the clash between professional and private life. In both Goodfellas and Casino, the protagonist's family is eroded by the same criminal connections which initially helped forming it. In Taxi Driver, Travis Bickle's psychosis is fueled by his nocturnal contact with the city's seedy underbelly. The paramedic in Bringing Out the Dead experiences burn-out. In The Departed, the main characters are both undercover, mirroring each other in their daily deception. Shutter Island features a neat subversion, which I won't spoil as it's the movie's main twist.This biopic of boxer Jake La Motta (De Niro) may be Scorsese's best execution of this theme. La Motta's ferocity propels him to championship, but takes a toll on his life ruining his relationships with his brother (Pesci) and wives - domestic and professional violence appear to feed each other in a terrifying, self-destructive spiral.Raging Bull is technically exceptional, with stylish black and white cinematography, perfect editing, masterful use of sound. De Niro burns the screen with an incandescent performance - one of the two-three turns which made him a legend as opposed to just a great actor - making his loutish, unsavory character an unsettling, pitiable, tragic figure.8,5/10
4 It's gotten to the point that most people assume that whatever Pixar does, it's going to hit a home run. But in the case of their latest 3-D animated story, "Up", I'm sad to report that this new Pixar concoction does not live up to the all the hype. For those who are watching a Pixar animated film for the first time, of course 'Up' will seem quite impressive. After all, no other studio comes close to Pixar when it comes to the technical aspects of animation. But ultimately, whether a film is animated or not, it's the story and the characters that make a film great.It was a bold move to choose an octogenarian as the film's protagonist—on the surface the crotchety curmudgeon, Carl Fredrickson, the elderly Spencer Tracy look-a-like, is the type of character we haven't seen before especially in an animated film. And 'Up' starts off with two very neat scenes: 1) a take-off on the old Movietone newsreels a la Citizen Kane and 2) a lovely montage sequence which chronicles the graceful aging of Carl and Ellie, the girl he's known since childhood, who becomes his wife.The montage sequence is notably silent and doesn't allow for much character development as to what makes Carl tick. It seems he was always introverted but seemingly happy until Ellie's death. It's perhaps suggested that loneliness has turned Carl into a curmudgeon but with all those happy memories of Ellie, I wonder why he turned into such a sour puss. And that essentially is the problem for most of the film: Carl is simply not very likable. He spends most of his time not acting very nice to Russell, the Explorer Scout stowaway, until the film's climax. But it's quite predictable when Carl finally learns the all-important life lesson that it's much better to be empathetic than uncaring.'Up' is similar to Pixar's prior effort, "Wall-e', in that it takes too long to introduce the film's antagonist. In Wall-e, we spend a little too much time observing Wall-e as earth's last operable trash compactor. But even those activities prove to be far more interesting than the flying house in 'Up'. After about five minutes, the house with the balloons becomes tiresome; it's not a very clever idea to begin with and all the smashups as it makes it way to South America, prove to be more repetitious than Wall-e's penchant for turning mounds of junk into perfect cubes.When we finally meet up with the long lost "Man of Adventure', Charles Muntz, and we saw that Muntz was already probably 30 years old in the newsreel at the beginning of the film, then we must conclude Muntz would be at least 110 years old when he meets up with Carl. But he doesn't look a day older than 90! Muntz at least has a little more personality than Carl but he's much too mean a character for such a light-hearted story. For all parents who plan to take their young children to see 'Up', be forewarned: Muntz and his talking dogs are vicious and wholly inappropriate for your young children who will probably leave the movie theater quite scared and some even crying! The giant dodo-like bird, Kevin, is much more appropriate for the kids but when Muntz's pit bulls start attacking him in old-fashioned bi-planes (straight out of King Kong), the charm flies out the door.The film's denouement wouldn't have been so bad had the adventure in South America been a little more engaging. There were just too many scenes of Carl and Russell tethered to the house, huffing and puffing as they try to reach the illusory waterfalls along with the talking dogs. The rest of it was perfectly acceptable: Carl becomes the good guy, realizes that the reaching his goal was an illusion and bonds with Russell back home. The best part of the film are the closing credits which give us a sneak peak into Carl and Russell's life after their return to the 'ordinary world'.In the end, 'Up' is a tale of political correctness. Two outsiders, the elderly Carl and the obesity challenged Wilderness Explorer Russell, are able to not only defeat pure evil but overcome both the forces of nature and their own limitations. For Carl it's his self-pity and for Russell it's his lack of self-confidence. Ultimately 'Up' falls 'down' since it's all rather predictable stuff. Pixar has become complacent, simply resting on its laurels. There is only one direction Pixar can go from now onand that is up!
4 The film opens with Julia Banks (Rosario Dawson) apparently having killed her ex-boyfriend. The film goes into flashback mode with Julia leaving a mental health facility and living a dream life engaged to David Connover (Geoff Stults). David has a daughter Lily (Isabella Kai Rice) and an ex-wife Tessa (Katherine Heigl) who is introduced looking like the evil queen in Snow White. No mystery here. In fact the films shows us Tessa setting up Julia and killing the ex. So with no real mystery, what's to watch? Exactly.This was a weak drama for those who like Lifetime style films. I was bored to tears. If you like to watch Katherine Heigl do the frowny face, go for it.Guide: F-word (written on screen) Sex. Brief back nudity.
4 "The Third Man" is a flawless film of intrigue and suspense, a summit of perfection within the genre It is one of the most literate thrillers ever made It is superb1y acted by an ensemble working in an understated, effortless style Its cinematography includes some of the best black-and-white work ever done Its score of haunting zither music is still remembered, instantly familiar to anyone who ever saw the film, and now thorough1y identified with most people's impressions of Vienna Finally, the direction by Carol Reed is exemplary Rarely has a motion picture represented the collaboration of so many exceptional talents... "The Third Man" may be the greatest film made in Britain since World War II The night city terrain of "The Third Man" is unique: occupied postwar Vienna, baroque, bombed-out, decadent, patrolled by Jeeps containing representatives of the four occupying powers, an American, an Englishman, a Frenchman, and a RussianCorrupt, world-weary people hang about its fringes: the overly suave Rumanian, Popescu; the frayed violinist, Baron Kurtz; the atheistic collector of Catholic antiquities, Dr. Winkel; Crabbit, the tired head of the Anglo Cultural Center; and Anna Schmidt, the Czechoslovakian girl friend of Harry Lime, an obscure actress with forged papers Moving among them are three extraordinary principals, Holly Martins, a typical Greene creation; a hack American writer; a used- up second-rater; Colonel Calloway, a Scotland Yard type, chief of British Military Police; and Harry Lime (WeIles), the corrupt two-bit racketeer, a fully immoral, totally unreachable villain These characters wander through rain-slick night streets, in and out of shabby cafés, over the rubble of bombed-out buildings, even into a terrain vague dominated by a huge Ferris wheelThe Vienna of "The Third Man" is a vast city that seems empty Its streets are always damp, and water rushes through a system of sweet-smelling sewers underneath It is a world of slinking cats and biting parrots, of people taking advantage of each other without pity "The Third Man" meets the test of complexity The characters interact, their stories conflict: A man who is supposed to be dead turns up alive, there is a question of whether two men or a "third man" carried off Lime's "body," there are conspiracies, deceits, and double crosses Reed owes debts to Fritz Long for some of his ideas: the geometrical shots, the montage of evidence, Welles' whistling, etc., but Reed has his own original visual style, particularly his use of a slightly tilted camera to produce so-called "Chinese angles," employed to project danger, foreboding, a twisted universe He is also capable of providing suspense in the tradition of Hitchcock "The Third Man" is unique in the genre for its realism Despite the complexities of plot, the characters are understandable, dimensional, emotionally genuinea tribute to the fine ensemble playing and special, low-keyed acting style that is the cinematic equivalent of Graham Greene's writingCarol Reed was knighted for his excellence as a British filmmaker, and for a body of work that is notable for its good taste It is this taste, of course, that works so well in "The Third Man," but which has destroyed some of his other films, such as "Our Man in Havana," which require a certain amount of excess to make them work
4 I was very anxious to see "Metropolis" for the first time. I had been into silent movies for a couple of years, but hadn't had the opportunity to see Fritz Lang's classic. I finally saw it at a silent movie theater in Hollywood, and my feelings were, to say the least, mixed.The film is visually stunning. Monumental sets, brilliantly directed scenes, amazing special effects (by the standards of the time). In fact, I might say that I was more enthralled by the visual effects of this movie than I was by say, Lord of the Rings or Avatar. Whereas Cameron and Jackson used CGI to make their visions come true; Lang had to use camera trickery, paint, and wood.This movie no doubt set the lexicon for the Sci-Fi and blockbuster genre in stone. The images of Metropolis have been repeated in innumerable movies. The scene of the underground city being flooded has curious similarities to James Cameron's Titanic. Even the villainous Rotwang can be seen in the characters, Dr. Strangelove and Doc Brown from Back to the Future.But then there's the story. And the dialogue. And the acting (which is overwrought, even by the standards of the time. But I don't have enough room to go into that.)Starting with the opening line: "Look---These are your brothers," a violent cringe would run through my body every time the intertitles would appear.The later line about the head and hands needing the heart as mediator caused a huge outburst of laughter in the theater. This serves as the basis for the moral of the story, which was eerily similar to "How the Grinch Stole Christmas". Essentially, it can boiled down to this: Somebody (according to writer, Thea von Harbou's later beliefs, this turned out to be Adolf Hitler) needs to appeal to the hearts of capitalist managers and tell them to be nice to their workers. The outcome is a grudging handshake between the head manager, Joh Frederson, and the leader of the workers, Grot; and thus begins a shining new day!"Metropolis" also incorporates religious symbolism which is, to say the very least, heavy-handed. Scenes of the Seven Deadly Sins, The Tower of Babel, an altar to Moloch, and the Flood all warn of doom to decadent societies that exploit the weak and kill the righteous.In the end, this muddled mixture of Socialist calls for justice, and Christian Apocalypticism creates a political message that Lang himself described as "silly."I recommend this film for its artistic brilliance and groundbreaking techniques. But don't go into this expecting an award quality film.If you want to get into silent film, this is a relatively easy one to get start with. However, I don't know if that's a good or a bad thing. I've met too many people who've said that Metropolis was the best silent movie they've ever seen; which probably means that it was the only one that they ever bothered to watch. I would recommend "Sunrise" or "City Lights" as a first over this.
4 I usually trust RottenTomatoes and IMDb ratings, and while I might watch something that gets a 60% rating or above if the subject interests me, I will usually fall in line with the critics and reviewers on any movie that gets a 97% on RT or such high scores on IMDb. Well, this movie completely shattered my entire belief system, to the point where I find myself without a guiding light for the future.Many better worded reviews on this site have already captured the grievances that I had with this film, but I must write mine out so that I can feel better and move on with my life...It felt like it was 3 hours long. In an unbelievable feat of cinematography, they managed to stretch time so that a 2 hour movie felt like 3. The could have condensed the film into an hour and 20 minutes and I would felt less cheated. Outside of a short plot line, *nothing* happened. And every single thread that could have been interesting to develop was cut short leaving us unsatisfied and wondering. It's a movie about nothing. There was no great insight into the human cause or suffering, no great insight into the psyche of the captor, no details on the parental breakup, no real role given to the very interesting characters of the girl's real father or her mom's new husband. The girl was a b*tch (I mean, that's forgivable given the circumstances), but outside of sympathy for her, it was not entertaining to connect with her on any level. And every single time anything got interesting in the movie the scene ended.The real life is a lot scarier and way more touching than this movie, and unless one lives in a room, turning on the news every day brings a lot more real emotion and watching a poorly constructed movie with a very minimal depth is not that touching. What can we learn from a 5 year old and his view on the world? That could be interesting to see, sure, but even here, the monologues were short and infantile (because what would you expect from a 5 year old?) Jack was no great thinker at a young age. Yes, the world is full of wonder on the outside, whether you're 5 or 85.Perhaps it was a movie for those whose view on life has gotten so complacent that they lost any sense of that wonderment and listening to an annoying 5 year old describe his first experiences in the real world outside of his room brought them to tears because of nostalgia or remembering their own childhood innocence. Clearly, I am one of the few against the world who Loved this movie, so I'll be the first to admit defeat.Now, however, I'm left to scratch my head and re-evaluate my relationship with movie reviews.
4 Everybody knows Gene Kelly singing and dancing in the films title number, but this is just one of the many magical musical numbers in this epic piece of blissful entertainment. Set during the turbulent period when Hollywood was converting from silent films to sound, Singin' in the Rain' is a perfect example of everything that is good and right about movie-making. Gene Kelly in his greatest role is an all singing, all dancing sensation and his acting is pretty damn good too. Donald O'Connor excels as his exuberant sidekick and almost steals the show with the unsurpassed Make em Laugh'. Debbie Reynolds is feisty and sexy as Kelly's love interest, while Jean Hagen gives one of the screen's greatest supporting performances as the horrid Lena Lamont, a silent screen goddess whose voice will just not cut it in talkies.The musical numbers flow fast and furious as Gene and Donald perform amazing feats of choreography with Fit as a Fiddle' and Moses Supposes' while Good Mornin' will have you dancing in the aisles. If Singin' in the Rain' had no musical numbers it would still be a contender for the funniest film ever made. The problems with experiments with sound films are painfully funny, and Kelly's silent sparring with the demonic Hagen is hilarious. The accolade of sheer perfection can be conferred on few films, and such a title is perhaps even an understatement in this case. And never before did rain look like so much fun.
4 Looks like while making "The Big Lebowski" (1998)– weird, nutty, outrageously funny and deliciously twisted movie, the brothers Ethan and Joel Coens, known for their unique and dry humor, sat back, laughed out loud, and had fun. "Big Lebowski" turned as one of the funniest comedies ever made. It is funny because of the incredibly off-beat characters, their weirdness, flaws, their interactions, the surreal situations they found themselves in, and perfectly written and delivered hilarious dialogs. There is the story, of course, which is based on the case of mistaken identity with the following kidnapping, villainous nihilists, vanguard erotic flying painter, the bowler named Jesus but the story is truly secondary to the delicious craziness of the movie.Some reviewers call Big Lebowski misfire and deranged mess, saying that the story is convoluted with the characters we would not care about a bit. It was also interesting to read the reviews that were written upon its release and compared it to Coens' "Fargo" that had been made a year earlier than the adventure of Jeffrey "the Dude" Lebowski (Jeff Bridges)."Fargo" could be Coens' masterwork but it does not make Lebowski any worse. It was dismissed as the inferior film and was predicted not to stand the future re-watch. The time has proved the predictions wrong. "The Dude" Lebowski - middle-aged pot smoking, White Russian drinking, bowling enthusiast ex-hippie, and his friends, Polish Catholic converted Jew, "more Jewish than Tevye" Vietnam veteran Walter with anger management problems (John Goodman) and timid, little slow, "sweet prince" Donny (unusually quiet Steve Buscemi) have become the cult figures, the beloved characters, for millions of film lovers of different generations, not only the baby- boomers.The Coen Brothers have made twenty films, and all of them are treasure, including their contribution in the 2006 anthology, Paris, je t'aime. I've seen all their films and I want to repeat the title of my review on their latest, "Burn after reading" - The Coen Brothers don't make bad movies, because they don't know how. Their films, Including the cult favorite, Big Lebowski, should not be missed. They are clever, darkly funny, and beautiful without being pretty pictures. In short, they are first class entertainment.
4 I was very disappointed by this movie. First off, I didnt watch a trailer beforehand so I thought this was a cute little romantic feel good movie for date night with my girlfriend. Wrong. Wanting to have a good time and then have you girlfriend suffocating while sobbing is not cool. lol. Although this really did happen, the movie is not at fault. Well, well. I thought the movie couldve been so much more, like.. instead of just dying off, she couldve become a music star of some level, with freaky concerts because the sun can never shine and telling the world about XP. Or at least playing a real concert once. But no, boom and dead. Wow. Not even a death scene. Only the Schwarzenegger sun shortly mourning by staring passionately on the ocean. ...?After she died the movie went downhill. For godsake the girl just died and the dad is ... well just like before? But... her song is in the radio... so that's cool, right? ... It had quite potential but the filmmakers didnt take it. The music was also a little disappointing. Although it was emotional due to the scenery I really, really didnt like the songs.
4 Should have been good...but it wasn't. As a 15 yr old I was early in my social consciousness when this hijacking took place. I remember the concern and the tension felt even here in the US over the fate of the hostages and the jubilation I felt when they were rescued. The real life events had it all...the Israeli/Palestinian conflict, a bold hijacking, a daring and unlikely rescue, even the flamboyantly dangerous Idi Amin! All elements for really good cinema but it didn't work in this case. A lot of effort was spent on humanizing the hijackers/terrorists but little on the humanizing of the hostages. Yes we all know that terrorists are fighting for a cause. It's their methods that are so objectionable. They kill innocent people to make their point, which is never justified; I don't want to identify with them. The artsy odd dance routine was excellent and interesting. Unfortunately, it added nothing to the story, it just distracted from the human drama. The movie was poorly done enough that it became a welcome distraction toward the end.
4 I do reckon that at 31 years - i am not the target audience of this movie. There are of course movies that address both, children and adults alike - but this is not one of those.The plot was ... pretty stupid. Not stupid in a comedic way - but stupid in a "that makes no sense" way. There was no notable character progression, the minions were a snooze and the newly introduced characters made no sense. Shedding light on Grus past might have been interesting, especially since there was the scene of a young Gru in the minions movie - but instead we got a kind of family reunion with little to no impact at all. So they just got to know each other - and they like each other .. well, good. Thats it.The villain - the most important part of such a movie - was rather weak, too for my taste. Memorable in design and behaviour, but rather weak in terms of motivation and threat. (considering Gru had to deal with a genius villain that was trying to steal the moon in the first movie ... the villain in the 3rd was just a substantial step down)Jokes fell mostly flat - but there weren't many for an adult audience.I d say - a nice movie for kids, but in contrast to some of the classic pixar movies ... not for adults.
4 This is a spin-off of the 2014 film 'Unfriended'. So there's no comparison between them But you can't stop people doing that, particularly saying which version they liked the most. For me, I enjoyed the other one which was a bit different than usual in the same themed films. This one was not a single day event based film. It was stretched and developed, especially for the film characters to give more depth in the storytelling. A brief flashback in the beginning, and then comes back to the present with twist and turns in the tale.Largely based on facebook culture of the youngsters and the filmmakers applied the same old horror film formula to the rest. For some viewers it will work, particularly facebook fans, I guess. But this was an average film. Everything was already seen before in different film and you are only seeing it which is associated with social media, that's all.A German film, but made in English language and cast. The actors were decent, but in some case I was not impressed. There were many flaws, but surely they all can be explained where the film did not do that exactly as it should have even stretched further. That's the point, for being too casual, so the film looked like one of those B category horror-thriller from the past. For watching it once, okay. That includes if you have seen the 2014 film or not, because it is completely different and not fresh enough to impress us.4/10
4 The Honey, I Shrunk the Kids franchise was a huge deal and not to mention very famous. I loved Honey, I shrunk the Kids when I was little. It was an original story and had such an exciting plot! The sets were so amazing and the cast seemed like they enjoyed each other's company. Now Honey, I blew up the kid was pretty stupid, so I think they wanted to go back to the story that everyone loved.Basically, Adam is a little more grown up now and the mom's are going on vacation to leave their husbands with their children. But when Wayne's favorite item is threatened for the garbage, he wants to shrink it and keep it, but he and his brother get in the way. But when the wives come back after forgetting to give some meds to their son, they get caught in the machine as well, leaving the kids in the house alone!The plot is silly, but like I said, it was just a family film that I think some might get a kick out of. The original Honey, I Shrunk the Kids is the best, I think everyone could agree. The third one wasn't so bad, I would recommend this one at least over Honey, I Blew Up the Kid movie, it was at least a little more fun.4/10
4 I don't know how any movie buff would not see the twists coming from a mile away. One can see when a twist is done in a tasteful and careful manner, and when the film makers are desperately trying to fit square pegs into round holes. Credit must be given to Hugh Jackman, Michael Caine, and David Bowie for their superb acting. However Christian Bale(who I normally like) and Scarlett Johansson were terrible. A few of my specific gripes: 1. The ending is given away in the first minute. Christian Bale is accused of killing Hugh Jackman. EVERY MOVIE that starts with this presentation ends up with the supposedly accused being innocent.2. The cat was duplicated. Surely by this alone anyone can deduce that Jackman was also duplicated. Hence the pointless "solving the puzzle" scenes.3. Mystery/suspense turned into Steven Spielberg's Amazing Stories science fiction halfway through the movie.4. Jackman conveniently tears up the Transported Man secret(which was a driving plot) so he can be shot by Bale's twin brother.5. Jackman conveniently finds an exact look-alike in a bar.6. Bale's wife amazingly knows which days he loves her and which he doesn't, in a dire attempt to connect the twin brother twist.7. I was terribly disappointed with Perabo's death scene and subsequent funeral. These were two important moments in the film and should have been emphasized and given more attention. "What knot did you tie?". "I don't know". "You don't know?".8. A supposedly "dead" Jackman trots in public without any concern of being recognized to have a contrived face to face dramatic effect with his nemesis.9. Just get a gun and shoot each other in the back. The movie would be over in 10 minutes and there would be no need for tantalizing sabotages.To conclude, this movie was made with the intention of "let's get in as many twists and turns possible" rather than "let's tell a good story with a twist".
4 I just watched a Maze Runner marathon, the first two followed by the final instalment. Loved the first one, but hadn't seen the second one yet. I have to say, I didn't think that was anywhere near as bad as it was made out to be.The third one though? Oh boy... Well, it actually starts out really well! Good action and our heroes are able to make a fist against WCKD in a very satisfying way. Unfortunately, the film ends up dragging on seemingly forever. I feel like at least half an hour could have been cut to make it much better. The second half of the film keeps getting more and more boring.The biggest problem is that several of the most important characters are completely unbelievable. Janson (Gillen's character) especially seems to make no sense at all. Then there is a nagging feeling that the whole thing is completely pointless and our 'heroes' are actually wrong! Now that could be very interesting if done right, but the movie is presented entirely as a young adult good guys vs bad guys film and the fact that they may be wrong is not explored at all. If they'd just done nothing, the world would probably have been a better place, but the movie still pretends that they 'won' and everything is fine now.Also, the motivations behind why these kids were put in the maze in the first place are barely explored. It's implied that the pressure is needed to trigger their immunity to grow (why that would be so is beyond me), but most of the kids just sat in the Glade peacefully for years.Instead of exploring those topics, the last half hour or so of the movie is spent watching characters melodramatically stare at each other while war rages around them, inevitably dying because they couldn't get over their teen angst long enough to actually save anyone (except Thomas, he has plot armor).The film just left me feeling like I watched some dimwits that couldn't see the big picture and the survivors now sit on a beach pretending everything is okay (when most likely the infected will just catch up with them and they'll die because they're just sitting there in a couple of beach shacks)...
4 In 2008 a movie called "The Strangers" was released, which, in my opinion, is one of the best horror movies of recent times, mainly because of its simplicity and its eerie realism. So here we are, a decade later, with the release of its sequel, titled "The Strangers: Prey At Night", directed by Johannes Roberts. Given the success of the first installment, it's fair to assume that this sequel comes with a lot of hype even after all these years. Unfortunately, not only does "Prey At Night" not live up to the hype, it comes up far short of it. Prey At Night's plot will be familiar to anyone that has seen the first movie. A family decides to go away for the weekend and stay at a trailer park where some family members live at. Soon after they arrive, they get a knock from a mysterious girl who is seemingly lost. After she leaves, the family begins noticing strange things and soon encounter three masked people trying to hunt down and kill them. Again, it's a story that will be familiar to anyone that has seen the original, but this time it's a family of four trying to survive in a trailer park seemingly in the middle of nowhere. Because it's set in the confines of a trailer park and not a house like in the original, there's a lot more room for the family to move around and escape from these masked killers. Ultimately, in this case, that ends up being a bad thing. What really made the original as eerie and intense as it was is how condensed the atmosphere was. It was two people essentially trapped in an isolated house with nothing else around them while being stalked and preyed upon by three unknown, masked people. It really added to the chill that you felt by watching it knowing that there is a bit of realism that is present in the situation. It was simple but very effective in how it delivered its scares. Here, it's different. It's a much more open and less suffocating atmosphere and as a result, you lose a lot of the tenseness and eeriness that existed in the original. What I'm trying to say here is that this movie is not very scary. It has its moments here and there, but the constant feeling of dread that was in the original is unfortunately absent here due to the structure of the environment.Another element of the original that makes it better is the performances. Liv Tyler and Scott Speedman really made you feel like they were in grave danger, which added to the overall feeling of dread. In this sequel, the acting isn't quite as good. It's still an "okay" cast made up of Christina Hendricks, Martin Henderson, Bailee Madison (probably the standout here), and Lewis Pullman, but they're just not quite up to par with Tyler and Speedman, both being pretty good actors. To be fair, however, the characters and writing didn't necessarily do this new cast any justice. Multiple times throughout the movie these people would do idiotic things that would get them into trouble. If I had a nickel for every time I wanted to facepalm, I'd probably have enough to easily cover my ticket for the movie. And don't even get me started on the last 15 minutes. Most of the things that happen in the final 15 minutes is either so idiotic that I could barely watch, or not even humanly possible. It's all just a bunch of nonsense that tries to set up a sequel, but fails miserably. The film's runtime is 85 minutes, which is pretty short for a mainstream movie these days. It ends up being a good thing though, as the movie doesn't waste much time getting straight to the action. Instead of a drawn out, overlong horror flick, it ends up being pretty well paced, which is one of the few things that it actually gets right. Overall, what we have here is a horror sequel that pales in comparison in every way to the original. It tries to be as scary and thrilling as the original, but what the original had was simplicity and realism, which created a constant feeling of dread, something that this movie fails to deliver even in its best moments. Here's hoping that it takes them 10 years to deliver another sequel.
4 Okay this movie sucks so so very much... two scenes stolen entirely from other movies... and a script that makes absolutely no sense on any level...Right now I'm finding it kind of stupid that there's this frail pretty girl working around the criminally insane with no security around her, it's completely out of control and unrealistic right off the bat. I don't think the criminally insane would have such open access to cigarettes and things that could be used as weapons... it's really taking me out of the movie right now.Poorly written characters, script, damn... I was really hoping this would be good. rofl OK OK this movie just made the biggest movie making mistake you can make... holy crap... so a girl is running, gets her leg caught in a bear trap... she doesn't even scream, she just looks back like... hey why can't I run anymore? The original is genius... especially when he comes out in the morning light at the end, when she thinks she's safe, cos it's daytime... that was such a profound moment for horror, maybe the first time horror said no, daytime does not mean safe anymore.... brilliant...
4 Where is the story connection and what the film tries to deliver?Very dull & repeated stereotyping.
4 Did I end up seeing a different movie than everyone else? I was shocked when I saw that Scorsese had directed this (I was unaware.) I think was by far his worst movie.The story line had great potential - once you "know" what really happened at the end. I thought the execution of the film was poor.The middle of the movie positively DRAGGED. I felt like I was watching Di Caprio and Winslet in Titanic, escaping from near death as the water rises - FIVE times in a row. I couldn't wait for the end.The end of the movie was needless to say muddled, which is probably intentional. We're meant to to REALLY know what happened. Was he crazy? Was he not? Was he poisoned and committed to protect the secrets of the island? Was he really an inmate undergoing a radical therapy? I can appreciate the film noir quality of the ending. It's just by that time I didn't care.There were lots of great clues along the way that don't make any sense at the time. But at the end when you look back they make sense (the blood from his wife's midsection when he's holding her ghost the first time.) And the idea behind a story like this is to make all of those clues fit the "real" story. Like explaining why they had to give up their guns at the gate. And why the guards were looking at them so strangely when they first arrived on the island.What doesn't make sense to me is the opening sequence on the boat. Why is that part of the story? If you're going to try out this radical new theory, and you have to "start" Teddy off in his fantasy somewhere (where he departs from the reality of being an inmate and starts the fantasy of being a Marshal investigating the escape), then why not just have him start off on the dock (as if he just arrived.) It has to start somewhere - you can't go back indefinitely. The opening sequence just doesn't fit the "real" story - only the "fantasy." I was VERY disappointed in the execution of the film as a whole.I wasn't alone either. Someone behind me muttered "Scorsese needs a lobotomy" as the credits rolled.I couldn't help but laugh and agree.
4 I liked the idea and so on. But the acting is below average. The "storyline" is as well.It seems like it was just in a rush and I had to leave a couple of times cause I couldn't stand watching it more. If you are bored and like the actors. Go ahead, but I would recommend watching another movie.
4 This fairy tale with parallels to "Alice in Wonderland" has a little girl encountering bizarre characters in an alternate universe. The cinematography is quite impressive and del Toro displays a fine visual flair. However, the script is too random and contrived to be interesting and the characters are one-dimensional. The captain, for example, is pure evil, lacking a single redeeming character; his wife is a whiny weakling. The film intersperses the fairy tale with the account of the fascist army fighting insurgents, but the two threads don't complement each other. It's like watching two movies. del Toro's obsession with stomach-churning violence doesn't help matters.
4 If #TheMummy is supposed to be the beginning of Universal's ambitious Dark Universe that showcases their classic monsters in one big shared cinematic crossover, then they're off to a terrible start.There's probably only a couple of sequences that somewhat thrill, the rest are just a continuous string of one poorly written, poorly acted and poorly executed scene after another. It feels more like sitting in a dentist's waiting room as opposed to rockin' on a roller coaster ride. And Tom Cruise is just wrong for this role, a huge case of miscast. Perhaps they should just press the reboot button again.Sofia Boutella plays an evil ancient princess imprisoned in a tomb deep beneath the unforgiving desert. When a couple of treasure hunters and an archaeologist awaken her in our present day, she returns to life to reclaim her destiny while at the same time unleashing unimaginable terrors in this new take that ushers in a new world of gods and monsters. Co-starring Tom Cruise, Annabelle Wallis, Russell Crowe and Jake Johnson, directed by Alex Kurtzman.The concept of what the writers and director Alex Kurtzman is trying to present to us with "The Mummy" is nothing new, in fact it's quite predictable, but the biggest problem about it is that along the way from point A to point B, they fill it in with moments that just don't work. And it gets even more frustrating when they bring it up again the second, third and fourth time as if shoving it down our throats would make it better. The jokes fall flat so much so you kinda feel sorry for Jake Johnson who clearly wants to make some effort as this film's comic relief. There are also parts that are just absolutely pointless and unnecessary. The characters including Dr. Jekyll frequently draw conclusions out of their butts. I do think "The Mummy" is what happens when the story is forced to serve the visual spectacle instead of the other way around. That said, rising star Sofia Boutella is a marvelous choice, she exudes that thirst for power effortlessly in addition to being incredibly seductive.But of course, just as expected, instead of it being a movie about Sofia Boutella's The Mummy, it becomes all about Tom Cruise, who as I said earlier is just awfully wrong for this role. I understand that the studios probably think that banking on a A-lister would translate into box office results, but fact of the matter is outside "Mission: Impossible" franchise, Cruise just doesn't fit anywhere else anymore. The character that he plays here is is a thieving treasure hunter, much like Nathan Drake from "Uncharted" games, but all you see on the screen instead is special agent Ethan Hunt desperately trying to be someone he's not. By the end of "The Mummy" you're going to have second thoughts about anticipating the next installment of this Dark Universe, and you're going to want to wish Brendan Fraser had still been around.-- Rama's Screen --
4 There is no point in pretending it – I'm a man in his thirties and I'm not target audience for this film. So the fact that I rented it is just a "bonus" few pounds in the pockets of the makers since they clearly weren't aiming this film at me. Who they were aiming it at appears to have been the army of teenage girls who have been reading the Twilight books religiously – again. I'd never even heard of the books so this is really something off my cultural radar. Regardless I decided to give the film a try without really knowing the plot or what it was meant to be. What I found was the first part in a longer story about a human teenager who moves back to her small town and falls for a boy who turns out to be one of a group of teenage vampires who feed off the blood of animals rather than people.I have no problems with the teenage aspect of the story but somehow it really failed to engage me as it was not only too superficial but didn't even really do that particularly well. The film plays like it has been written around events without a great deal of depth, complexity or characterisation in it, which is a surprise considering the fertile ground the world of teenage love and acceptance is. Sadly it comes off all too bland and obvious for my tastes and I rarely could bring myself to care about what was going on. The direction is a bit too serious at times but it also lacks passion and the breathlessness that the material suggests it must have once had if it did captivate a teenage audience. Of course I could be just missing the point because perhaps the cast are a big part of it working and this is lost on me.Certainly the appeal of much of the cast is lost on me totally. Stewart has something about her but cannot translate it into something meaningful here, leaving her character feeling a bit one-dimensional. However compared to Pattinson she looks like one of the finest actresses of her generation because he is about as dull and vapid as he could have been without trying. OK maybe his immortal, unsleeping character has to have something weirdly "dead" about him but this should not be a detrimental part of his performance as it is here. I shan't bother to list those below them because nobody really captured my interest in terms of their characters or performances.Twilight is not a bad film, it is just a very bland one that lacks passion, heart or excitement. Maybe the target audience will strongly disagree (I'd be shocked if they did not) but having watched this for myself I fail to see what not only the fuss is about – but why anyone would really consider this to be a good film.
4 ......to compare it to Jaws in anyway is an absolute insult. CGI shark that you only actually see in total for around 2 minutes of the film is quite lame, I just don't understand how people are so impressed with it. The seagull is actually the star of the show here and I was routing for him more than Nancy ! Some of the sharks behaviour was completely ridiculous........when has a great white ever jumped out of the water onto a pile of rocks for its prey ?! Just a completely unbelievable story that could have been so much better overall. On a positive note the cinematography was good as were 6 mins of the film........the other 80 were very disappointing.........don't rush to the cinema for this one, borrow someone's DVD if they buy it !!!!!!
4 Katherine Heigl have been one of my guilty pleasures ever since I saw her on "My Father the hero", hence she is basically the reason why I decided to give this movie a chance, after all she did performed well on other similar roles (home sweet hell) so hopes were high. Unfortunately this movie fells down on so many clichés that just simply watching it gets painful. I am not the kind of spectator that keeps track of the movie mistakes but this movie makes it humanly impossible not to do so.Summarizing, this movie is exactly the opposite....completely forgettable.
4 Near-sighted twenty-something wannabe gunslinger goads down-on-his-luck reformed alcoholic widowed bad man into one last bounty hunt to revenge the maiming of a naive young whore. Predictably filled with clichés and stereotypes speaking twentieth-century phrases and cuss words. Moments of good story can't make up for the inconsistent lighting and outdoor scenes, and the fragmented editing, possibly due to insufficient film footage. Should have kept the original working title of  `The Cut Whore Killings'. The truly unforgiven in this movie are the writer, editor, movie critics and Academy voters who gave 4 Oscars for this body of work recognition of Clint Eastwood.
4 I didn't know what to expect as i had not seen the trailer and I decided to watch the film due to excellent actress Noomi Rapace. I was surprised by the flow of action and the pace of the film. If you are looking for a good action-adventure that will keep you on edge, this is the film for you. It is one of the better films that have a smart take on the counter-terrorism movie universe. Enjoy!
4 Margaret Atwood's acclaimed novel, adapted for the screen and turned into a high-minded but posed, uncomfortable human drama, despite an expert cast. Taking place in the soulless distant future, all young women have been turned into child-breeders for wealthy, infertile couples, with Nastasha Richardson assigned to nightmarish twosome Robert Duvall and Faye Dunaway. Elizabeth McGovern plays a lesbian who hopes to make a break for it (every totalitarian society should have one). Certainly watchable, though an icy cold presentation which promises to be much more than it is. Richardson doesn't flash a hint of her feisty personality, though McGovern is very good and Duvall does what he can with a terrible role. ** from ****
4 My first experience in the UltraScreen®DLX with massive screen, Dreamlounger leather reserved recliners, and Dolby Atmos immersive sound with bass you can feel (it's true), was none other than to see San Andreas. If you haven't been following my reviews this summer, my goal is to review all of the summer blockbusters on cheap movie days for $5.My first surprise was that the seats are reserved. You get to pick your seat, although there were few left to choose from when I arrived. The second surprise was that the chairs are power recliners, so you just push a button and wham you go back and your legs go up. The third surprise was a smell I hadn't smelled in years, not since junior high locker room. It was a mix of people who don't like to shower, don't like to wash their gym clothes, and wet tile. Then a nice young couple who dry humped the whole movie sat next to me and at least she was wearing a strong perfume that mostly covered up the smell.But I digress. What about this disaster movie? It features a family (that apparently has no last name, at least not that I ever learned, nor is there any last name listed for them in the credits, so I will call them Family #1), a pretty family, an upper-middle-class family that is going through a rather benign divorce and Emma causes trouble immediately because she is moving in with a richy rich dude (who has a last name, because he's Daniel Riddick), a thoroughly loathsome man incapable of love except for buildings.Ray is solid as a rock, he's something sturdy, like a real man, someone you can cling to or hold on to no matter what. He loves his daughter, Blake, very much, because he blames himself for the death of his other daughter, whom we eventually learn died while rafting. You see, Ray is a professional rescue-chopper pilot, so the death of his daughter is as much personal as it was a professional blunder.The main problem with this disaster movie is that Family #1 is split in two groups, and there is no real belief that any of them will ever actually die, although San Andreas does feature Blake enduring the longest non-death sequence I've ever seen. In better disaster movies, like the original Poseidon Adventure (it's unfortunate that I have to clarify the "original" Poseidon Adventure) the protagonists are traipsing and shambling through the disaster together, and they drop like flies until the very end, when only a handful of the worthy and fortunate survive.The acting in San Andreas isn't bad, and it's not good. It's extremely okay. Poor Paul Giamatti, who seems typecast as himself these days.Things blow up, collapse, and fall apart real good. The special effects are pretty amazing and realistic. It's nice to see so many Californians perish as a precursor to the Great Water Wars of 2016. In fact, even though Ray is a civil servant responsible for saving lives, he tries to fly the chopper from L.A. to San Francisco to save his daughter instead of trying to save anyone in Los Angeles or elsewhere along the way. He _does_, however, trade a stolen pickup for directions to an airfield, which I suppose is a fair trade and shows he's a Really Good Guy.There is a bit of adventure. Ray commandeers trains and boats and planes. Well, no trains. That would've been pretty cool to drive a train through an earthquake. A simple oversight, I suppose. Nevertheless, I sensed the feeling of excitement at the thought of being in a real disaster, stealing whatever vehicles were around to go wherever I wanted. And it's nice to see a lot of chopper scenes in a movie. There should be more chopper scenes in every movie.Forget the millions of Californians who died or were dying along the way. All we care about are a handful of pretty, well-off people trying to survive the worst earthquake in human history. We rarely see anyone die, because they get swooped up or down or crushed. No bones, no blood, no limbs flying everywhere. It's pretty WASPish death, as people disappear in clouds of dust, never to be seen or heard from again.Despite all the Californian death and destruction, Americans can be jingoistically proud to see a final flowing flag confirming we are the best nation-state on Earth, and we will rebuild it all for the next disaster.
4 the first movie was good, i love it in fact. All the tricks were kinda impossible, but at least its all make sense after they showed us how they did it and added with an interesting plot twist at the end. Now you see me 2, however, went to the next level of bull tricks and meaningless story line with "crunchy" jokes. It was boring and confusing. I wasted 2 hours for nothing. I used to think that the characters in the first movie were good and well tough out - they were good as a team and fun to be watched. Now, they are just annoying and try soooo hard to look cool with their crappy dialogue and outrageous tricks. Its a movie about magicians right? Not witches nor wizards. I mean, can they really throwing cards from one to another without anyone noticing? Can a card slide through your body that easily?To summarise, the movie is bad in everything (story line, acting, dialogue) Don't even bother to watch it.
4 What is the American dream? For a lot of people, it's simply to be wealthy for the sake of their family. But as we're further influenced by the media, the definition of wealthy becomes skewed. What should be a simple dream to be sure that your family is never too worried about money, suddenly becomes bigger with fantasies of mansions and private jets. There's nothing wrong with dreaming big as people are free to do what they wish with their earnings. But consider how a lot of lottery winners lose their wealth; they'll go out and buy everything they've ever wanted, but never dig into their own personal problems that have prevented them from becoming rich in the first place. It's all design, but no substance. Money has been proven to solve some, but not all problems. Anyone can just throw money to make a quick fix, but what about permanent solutions? Isn't that another definition of acquiring wealth? To finds ways to figure out what makes us unhappy? As life has shown, easy answers are rare. Whether a problem is a society one or a personal one, that requires a different kind of work that no money can fix. Downsizing cuts into that factor.In the near future, scientists have fostered a way to shrink humanity to not only solve an environmental crisis, but to provide a new gateway to riches; smaller people means smaller usage of resources, therefore, a dollhouse can now become a mansion. This has lured a lot of people into "downsizing", but of course there is a catch; it's irreversible. So those that go in are staying that size. This doesn't seem to bother occupational therapist Paul (played by Matt Damon) and his wife Audrey (played by Kristen Wiig) who are financially strapped and want an easier life. Though Paul goes through with it, Audrey backs out and files for a divorce, leaving the poor guy in the same boat he was at full size; unhappy.Now living in an apartment, he's taken a call center job for Lands End while trying to figure out what to do with himself. Along the way, he encounters a party animal neighbor Dusan (played by Christopher Waltz) and a Vietnamese housecleaner Ngoc Lan Tran (played by Hong Chau) who was once a political prisoner, shrunken against her will. These people put Paul to the test on whether "downsizing" really does fix humanities problems.I have to give Downsizing a lot of credit for ambition. It's a good setup that could be examined heavily. Director Alexander Payne (Nebraska, The Descendants) certainty knew that and tries to examine a lot of issues like climate change, refugee crises, and class separation. Rather then crafting a flow and mixture, the script seems to throw everything into a blender, hoping that part of it sticks. This results in not only a clunky narrative that can't seem to pick a plot, but tone that's uneven, trying to mix Midwestern dilemma to science fiction to fantasy-like utopia. Alexander Payne is better at directing his actors, as everyone feels right at home. Matt Damon does well as an ordinary man whose trying to find purpose. Christoph Waltz again plays eccentric and goofy in a playful manner, even if we've seen it before. My favorite is the one that people will be split on, Hong Chau. One the one hand, she plays a stereotype of an Asian immigrant who speaks broken English. I should be angry at this,,, but not only is she great playing that stereotype, but she's heartfelt in a way that we really root for her. So why couldn't Alexander Payne had taken the same care with the script as his other movies? It seems that he should have either picked one of the many issues he brings up and go at it or really work on the script to craft something bigger. The story that is presented just seems to bring up an issue, drop it, go for another, maybe return to an old one and... that's pretty much Downsizing. Without giving anything away, the overall moral seems to be "Love thy neighbor". Not only does it feel very redundant and a rushed answer to everything, but other movies like It's a Wonderful Life have tackled that philosophy better. I'll give this four yellow roses out of ten. Downsizing in an unfortunate dud from one of my favorite directors. It's ironic that a movie about shrunken people couldn't have said something larger. It's dull and rambling...a lot like that great uncle relative you have whose nice, but lacks anything of true worth. Let this shrink into nothing.
4 2018 indie film Every Day, beside from it's good and promising trailer does not deliver much. It's basically the type of movie you can easily never watch, it's forgettable, the first hour is awful, bad acted and boring. For the last 35minute the bullies from 2017 *IT* , kind of hadle the whole movie by themselves (mostly talking about Owen Teague who gave a really good performance!). The whole subject is a hard subject since it doesn't really make sense, and for an hour and 35min you can't do much with it, so yeah the movie had a huge problem with it's actual plot. Yet it's so bad acted I can't apreciate the movie, we have great stars too like Jacob Batalon (Spider-Man Homecoming) and the *IT* bullies yet they don't have that much screentime, and the leading actress Angourie Rice gives a fine like forced fine, since she isn't terrible but for a role that huge her performances was awful, espically her lack of emotions. Still she is not the worst Debby Ryan who plays Angourie Rice sister gives such an awful, god awful performances it was forced silly lines and some cringe-worthy actions, thank god we only got 10min of her. Still enough with the bad, it's time for the good! The ending sequences had a strong monologue from Owen Teague who pretty much said what everyone was waiting to hear and it was heartwarming. The last 35 minutes too were getting more fun, and it was moving faster and the story was becoming better. It's characters too were great, the story of everyone life was a cool thing. Honestly, it's not the kind of romance you'd like too see, it's pretty bad and you audiences should skip it, and save your money for Love,Simon who looks way better or rent Happy Death Day since even that movie made more sense and had better performance!
4 I'm all for minimalist movies. I enjoy a good story. I can forgive budget constraints.What i cannot forgive is a title that specifically promises something that the movie does NOT deliver.'It Comes At Night' Naturally you would expect the immanent arrival of something,... ANYTHING.Well guess what?... (Spoiler Alert!)It doesn't. NOTHING comes. Nothing happens. At all.This movie should have been called 'Paranoia' People were worried about something. That's ALL. That is the active ingredient in this film. Worrying about something that never happens.I'm getting awfully annoyed with this latest trend of movies where nothing occurs, yet it is conveyed in such a pompous manner that the film-makers substitute a plot for the 'feeling' of where the plot should be.Its literally the equivalent of writing a best-selling novel, labeling it as an advanced 'post-modern' masterpiece and leaving all of the pages blank.Watching paint dry is a superior viewing experience because you are at least subjected to a linear resolution, and at the very least there is a result at the end.0 out of 10
4 Since "Cinema Paradiso" is billed as a joyful celebration of movies for all of us who love them, I am sorry to say that its charms were lost on me. Its story of young Salvatore "Toto" who discovers the magic of the movies through his friendship with projectionist Alfredo (Philippe Noiret) has potential, but too often falls prey to false sentimentality, muddled storytelling, and unbelievable characters. It got to the point where I thought that the remote Sicilian village wasn't even a real location, but rather a soundstage set (the piazza seems too big and tidy).I watched the 122-minute version, not the 170-minute director's cut, but I still felt that "Cinema Paradiso" was too long, padded with innumerable "local color" scenes. The townspeoplewho are all stock comic characters, including a village idiotsit in the movie theater and react quirkily to the film they're watching. Presumably, this is meant to show how important the cinema is for them, bringing glamour and romance into their difficult lives. But since you never get a sense of what these people are individually like outside the movie theater, the contrast between real life and reel life isn't deeply felt.Toto is not a very sympathetic character in any of his three incarnations. At first, he is an annoyingly impish, prank-pulling little boy; then a lovesick and wildly impractical teenager; then a successful middle-aged film director who seems to have no inner life whatsoever. (Evidently, the middle-aged Toto is more developed in the director's cut, but I don't know if I have the patience to sit through that one!) The movie's attempt at heart-tugging romance falls flat because Toto's love interest Elena is so poorly characterized--all actress Agnese Nano has to do is stand there and look pretty. Noiret is good, though, moving beyond the cliché of the "crusty but lovable mentor" to reveal Alfredo's deep bitterness and determination that Toto not make the same mistakes he did. The famous ending montage of all the screen kisses that a conservative priest had censored is a lovely celebration of old Hollywood, but nothing that you can't find in the Academy Awards tribute montages every year. It also requires a major suspension of disbelief weren't all these prints lost when the movie theater burned down? The best scene in "Cinema Paradiso," coming closest to conveying just what's so special about the movies, is when Alfredo turns his movie projector to face the window and screens a film on the outside of a building. The beam of silver light shoots through the empty black air; for an instant, all is magical, illuminated, even incendiary. Unfortunately, instead of creating many more new and wondrous moments like this one, "Cinema Paradiso" mostly falls back on old plot devices and one-dimensional characters.
4 What can I say about this odd movie, other than that I was absolutely captivated for the first hour or so. Visually stunning, images that will live in the memory for some time, great editing, superb camera work, stunning scenery and background, and a plot that captivates and keeps you guessing.But what a letdown the ending was! It was like the director chickened out, and went for the boy-gets-girl, American apple pie conclusion, instead of creating a Gothic masterpiece. I would have sooner left some of the plot threads unresolved than to have inflicted on me such a silly and B-grade alternative, that ultimately left a bad taste in my mouth. If that sounds harsh, it is only because the rest of the movie was so mind-blowingly stunning, at least an 8 or 9.One reviewer called anyone who didn't like this movie a moron. We can do without patronising opinions like that. I'm not a moron, just disappointed. Go and see the movie? Yes. The visual elements are worth it. Will you experience the catharsis of a great movie experience afterwards? I doubt it.
4 I am a big fan of Kevin Hart, Dwayne Johnson, and all the other big names that made appearances in this movie. However, they kept setting up situations that could have been really funny - but nothing happens. The joke just withers away. It was like they had a lot of funny jokes or situations in the script, but at the last minute the censors made them take out the punchlines. I did like the story, and there was even a bit of "who dunnit" suspense. The fact that they had a decent structure and great talent leaves me thinking that the writers were more interested in drama and action than comedy - but the movie was promoted as a comedy, and has several events and props that scream "COMEDY MOVIE." But when it came to being funny, for the most part it left me hanging. Dwayne Johnson and Kevin Hart were still doing a top notch job delivering the material they had, but this movie could wait for home viewing.
4 Just watched it. Acting great.But this is so badly written ---> 1 - HOW did the black girl escape! Her & her friend were drugged all the time? Oh, she just "managed" to get away -- she's in a locked room! Drugged! But she "manages" to get away . . . and another oh! her captor couldn't catch her! But the captor managed to get them the first time in broad daylight -- which is never explained! 2 - the captor knows one of her captives has escaped yet makes NO EFFORT to leave, clean up evidence, DO ANYTHING AT ALL, just stays there.3 - and when girl says in hospital "you were there" Hugh Jackman runs away to make him look like the suspect; he doesn't bother to tell anyone - like the cops - I KNOW WHERE SHE'S TALKING ABOUT! LET'S GO NOW, IT'S THE CRAZY AUNT!4 - why did the aunt not kill them after capture? Why do they need to stay alive? 5 - guy gets beaten & imprisoned in a cube of pain for a week, yet can't manage to articulate "my aunt did it." He was coherent enough to say "They only cried when I left them" to Hugh Jackman when Hugh Jackman grabs him by the throat in public; but he can't manage "after my aunt took them away" when Hugh Jackman beats him nearly to death? 6 - cop is angry, goes to his desk, throws things around, by CHANCE things fall on the floor & he sees a new CRUCIAL clue.It's a movie of bad red herrings, and coincidence. PS. Cop goes into a room of trunks and RUSHES to open one! It's full of SNAKES! Now if I opened up the first trunk in a room full of trunks and the first trunk was full of snakes, I don't think I would open all the other trunks, yet Cop wants to open more!
4 The beginning of the movie was fine, good with the RV and the girls leaving. The movie really fell apart when they brought the Alex guy into the police station. They say he has a low IQ so he couldn't have done it alone. OK thats great but why then would you not look at his guardian after that? And he was a kidnapped boy himself so wouldn't he be in the system? I know he was not arrested , but seems to me they would check more then his name for a double kidnapping. Not to mention he wouldn't has a ssn and they can tell when he got it under that name which would lead to a DNA test anyway.After that though he is kidnapped and again by Jackman character. Why would that detective who has never lost a case not think to finish searching the residence finding him. Also don't these family men have jobs? Plus no captain would leave him without a car to watch him in the first place. Aside from that they have these clues to finding the girls like the maze, and chose to instead lead this line of Jackmans character torturing Alex. They do not have any part of this movie dedicated to what's going on with the girls so glad I didn't spend money when this was in theaters. Acting was good has a good plot with the kidnapping just done very wrong after the first few scenes. Very unrealistic from a legal stand point. Also did a bad job of keeping me engaged I paused the movie about halfway through to check my phone and facebook even got on youtube. Writing and directing failed this movie its a shame.
4 I had seen some things claiming that this movie was so scary people couldn't finish it, but I thought it wasn't scary at all. The plot twist at the end was kinda mediocre and overall just seemed to be a run-of-the-mill possession story. Didn't really bring anything new to the table, I'm sad to say.
4 Jessie is one of those Disney shows that should not have lasted as long as it has. It's extremely unrealistic and while the kids are cute they need an attitude adjustment. This is exactly the type of show where children are learning bad manners and disrespect. They never seem to have that realisation moment that what they did was wrong. And the adults (including Jessie) are just as self-indulged and irresponsible as the kids.I also think the episodes are getting weaker as the seasons progress. It feels stale and the themes are repeated over and over again. If your looking for a Disney show to entertain you for 20 minutes then pick another one. There are many more that far surpass this bad influence.
4 I really liked Maze runner, but still don't understand why they didn't just build a ladder to the top of the wall and walk out. This movie was full of WTF stupid moments that really bugs me.Like why didn't they just turn off the generator when they noticed that that's what brought the zombies to life?! Instead they just leave it on and like Monty Pithon they run away, run away!When Brenda and Thomas see that creepy growing red stuff on the walls of the sewer, anyone else, after all they have been through would have taken one look and said nope, I'm outta here, but instead they have to go fully investigate this dangerous looking creepy stuff. They could have found a better way to have Brenda get infected.When Thomas makes an impossible heroic save of Brenda from falling to the ground through the glass, are we really supposed to assume they had no trouble at all getting back to the doorway above and clear from danger?!When that guy is shooting the big gun off the back of the truck, first of all he is a horrible shot not able to hit a huge helicopter and second, why didn't he shoot the transport before the kids got on it. All the bad people were on it and ripe for the killing and yet he does nothing. I also thought Mary's character was way too short lived. Brenda and Thomas relationship was not played out well enough and I really don't like Teresa. Traitor bitch ;) Also couldn't they find a better song than After Midnight? AC/DC or Disturbed or something that sounded like destruction would have made for a better scene. I have not read the books, but maybe the film would be better if they hadn't heavily diverted away. Either way I think it was lazily written and I want my $6 back! Lol
4 I dont know why,but the stars seems to be falling from the sky. had this been a psycological thriller in the 90's it wouldve been an 8. but this genre is bucket full of average movies,and i feel i wouldve been digging deep in this bucket to even find it. but i did so......it is a fair and square thing,the man gets scared the heck out of due to his attration to female students, but the actimg and plot doesnt make me spin around. its slow , dull and quite boring.eithr guy or pierce are convincing,so if youre not a fan of them then skip it
4 I wanted this to be so much more than it was. Not much weight to its construction and some might even say it lacks genuine feel for the game or the struggle of being a modern student athlete.
4 A boring movie with no real feeling to it. Ignore the studio hags and skip this movie.
4 I am not a big Alien fan, but I had a go watching this. I think it started out well, but I lost intrest and started looking at my phone during the movie( this is something I rarily do. I am easy absorbed into a movie). The turning point for me was when they had landed on the planet and two in theri crew started geting sick. I feel that almost every character in this movie are making stupid decisions and geting themself killed. This include:-Lets walk around on this new planet which we dont know anything about very uncarefully and smell at strange plants.-Lets trust this strange robot we found on this planet. Especially when we know he is hidding something and follow him into his basement and look at his large eggs. Also not get suspicus when he cuts his hair so he looks exactly as our own robot.-Splitt up at the temple when we know that a monster can be out to kill us.-When we get back to the ship, not quarantine every person that was on that planet and scan them, even though we know that some persons got a alien bursting out of their stomach.
4 Unfortunately, this film about the 1976 hijacking of an AirFrance flight by German and Palestinian terrorists who demanded Israel's release of Palestinian militants and a $5 million ransom is thoroughly mishandled and wastes its powerful acting talent.Things start out sharply enough. The film wastes no time getting to the hijacking itself and taking things from there. The planning and training for it is revealed through flashbacks. But what follows is a narrative that loses its thrust and becomes quite devoid of any dramatic force. It becomes talky and plodding. There isn't much sense that the more than 200 hostages taken are ever in that much physical danger. When a French airline engineer asks "How is this going to work?" you might wonder if he is asking about the film itself.I cannot fault Daniel Bruhl, Rosamund Pike or Eddie Marsan. They each do their best as two German hijackers and Israeli Defense Minister Shimon Peres respectively. They cannot save a screenplay that loses its power and fails to remain compelling. By the end, even the actors themselves seem to just want it to be over. A scene with one of the hijackers at a public phone exemplifies this perfectly.There are some plot threads/characters in this film that made no sense. For one thing, it was not clear at all who the Israeli solider is who is played by this young actor Ben Schnetzer. He has a number of scenes in this film, but who he is never becomes known. If you check the cast section on this film's page, it appears IMDB doesn't know either. Who can blame them? If he's an unknown, what is his girlfriend? To describe them as weakly-defined characters would be quite charitable. There is a choreography sequence that coincides with a key military operation in this story, but its connection and its supposed analogy to the core events portrayed here is amorphous and even nonsensical.This is not a film that I regret seeing, but it's quite frustrating how an account of real life events could be phoned in the way it is here. It's a textbook example of a seemingly unfinished film. Not recommended.
4 'Ready Player One (2018)' should have been called 'The Pop-Culture Movie', since it is so chock-full of blatant references and call-backs to media, from the eighties and nineties in particular. It seems as though this over-reliance on pre-existing material, along with its recognition and nostalgic value, is the driving force behind most of the narrative, being that the flick itself doesn't capture the spirit of the films it intends to ape, and so often calls out by name to cringe-worthy results, but instead shoves in reference after soulless reference in a vapid attempt to prey on its audience's ability to recognise things they've seen before. This 'nostalgia vampirism' is meant to evoke memories of better films and have those emotions transposed onto this one, though it only succeeds in the former and reminds you how much you'd rather watch any of those than this. It's evocative of the larger issues that plague the flick, those being that it doesn't have any real stakes or ability to engage on its own and also treats its audience as rather dumb and forces expository dialogue down their throats at every opportunity. The on-the-nose exposition was honesty some of the most intense and grating I'd experienced in some time. The feature did have some nice visual effects and I cared about the digital 'avatars' as much as any of their real-world counter-parts, though only to a certain degree, but so much was happening that it was hard to register at times due to the odd colour palette and heavily contrasting character designs. It didn't have a cohesive aesthetic, to say the least. It did have a good score by Alan Silvestri and some of its allegorical undertones certainly ring true. I honestly wasn't entertained, though, despite all the visual splendour and things that should appeal directly to me, and that really tells you all you need to know. For all the throw-away movie references, where was the fun of 'Raiders Of The Lost Ark (1981)'? Where was the wonder of 'E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial (1982)', the suspense of 'Jaws (1975)' or the excitement of 'Jurassic Park (1993)'? In other words, where was Spielberg? 4/10
4 The original, "El secreto de sus ojos" is a masterpiece of cinema and story. Not just the premise but you get to see the justice system of Argentina and Spain. It's pretty interesting since we are saturated with the American justice system.Very much unlike the US and similar to France (Engrenages is a great French police procedural TV series). People either cannot or will not watch foreign cinema or have difficulty with subtitles. I understand that it is a challenge in that your eyes are diverted from the screen, the cultures are unfamiliar or the intonation can be confusing. Cinema and literature is escapism. Step outside of the box. I'm hearing impaired and use subs for all TV programs. I acknowledge that it's easier for me. Hollywood ruins spectacular foreign films. If American audiences want to see less engaging movies, there are films for that. And that's fine. We call them "guilty pleasures" or "no brainers."
4 Don't waste your time it's complete garbage. The movie feels like it was subjected to a lot of cuts and the make up of the girl transforming into a monster later is the WORST. The actress did what she was told to do and you can feel she has great potential but honestly the makeup artist and the scenarist should quit doing their jobs.
4 What begins as a fairly interesting sci-fi with apparent links to Cloverfield through a couple of forced but sensible name drops turns into a very predictable and dull "space station escape" type film, complete with completely pointless dramatic sacrifices, inexplicable spatial anomalies(That are, for the most part, without any explanation or narrative relevance), and weakly motivated betrayals. All of this makes the movie painfully average, but perhaps the worst thing about this whole experience is the unbelievably forced and pointless insert of the original Cloverfield monster at the very last second. I'm generally pretty accepting of "fan service," but here, it's unbearable, and makes me think that this was just a fairly standard Netflix sci-fi that was somehow able to tack the Cloverfield branding onto its title in the last month of production.While it does do more to attach itself to Cloverfield than 10 Cloverfield Lane, it doesn't have any of the solid writing or great performances that that film did.Some cool visuals, not fantastic but solid performances all around, and an interesting near-apocalyptic tone in the Earthbound scenes elevate The Cloverfield Paradox above terrible, but ultimately aren't enough to sway its many, many flaws.
4 I watched it at Göteborg film festival som days ago. I really wanted to like this but its just didnt click for me. The actors fail to sell the love story, they dont connect on the screen and that technobabble from Alicia Vikanders character doesnt make it better. Two parallell stories at once. For this to work the love story need to be sold, but it just doesnt work. I dont belive it when the main characters get outburst, the reaction feels to theatric and it becomes a make belive reaction for show. To really make the terrorist look bad and evil they put in things that just oversell the evilness of the terrorist. Yes I get it, they are the badguys but it becomes a bit to much. Sorry. I really wanted to enjoy this but it didnt work for me.
4 What happens when superheroes get old is the main and interesting question this movie answers. It's a question when you think of when you place superheroes in the real world. Logan is a great movie and I think one of the best superhero movies ever made. The movie so adult in its approach that I think even youngsters who read the comics will learn to grow into. The script, the action, the acting is all great and goes to show that you don't need over the top action and effects to tell a great story. This movie gave me what I wanted...a movie. Something you can watch, be taken away and talk about hours after you watch it. And you don't have to know anything about the mythology of the Xmen to enjoy this film.This movie has heart and is directed wonderfully by James Mangold. Hugh Jackman's final performance as Wolverine is his best performance to date because of the range of emotions he has to go through in this film. Great film, highly recommended.
4 Christ... The film scriptor, editor, director, and near to, if not all, other staff and actors and actresses need a good firing...To be honest, I did not think that the film was going to be the best... Especially because I had read the books and Absolutely loved them, but this! This is tragedy in film form... As I was walking into the cinema, I had someone comment that the main character seemed very pretentious and that it was unlikely he was chosen for his acting talent, which turned out to be exceptionally true. Logan Lerman just did not cut the Percy Jackson role and left out a huge proportion of awe and "OH MY GOD! I'M THE SON OF POISIDON!" and instead cut straight to the bad puns and obvious brand advertising! Great... A new generation of idiots thinking that the iPhone will defeat Medusa/Urma Thurman. The film effects were mediocre, action-style we've-seen-it-all-before. The acting from almost everyone with, maybe, the exception of Urma Thurman who was the only actress with any kind of strength to her acting, either exceptionally weak or the actor/actress were wrongly cast, such as Pierce Brosnan. Lots of plot and characters were either completely changed, or just simply missing... I miss Dionysus T^T. What happened to Percy not finding out his powers as soon as he arrives? Nearly the whole of the Camp Half-Blood scenes were useless or wrong. Where were the days and months spent there? I understand that they wanted to make the film shorter, but they are just cutting plot and it's WRONG! What about Luke? He had some REAL background and was a much more interesting character, although, Jake Abel plays his part reasonably well considering he doesn't really have ANY reason to hate the gods... Okay, he doesn't really like them and wants to overthrow them... WHY? It's explained in the book and just left alone in the film and how is he playing COD on PS3? It doesn't happen! Surely they could have just given him a 360 controller? Nope... Guess what... It's MORE brand advertising! Yay...I apologise for just slagging this film off, but not only did they manage to create a film tragedy that is nearly on par with the pile of *$%!£ that is named Eragon, but they managed to ruin ANOTHER great book...Still... Good points! Let's be positive... Humm... This may take a minute... Well, it was good as a stand-alone film, if it had nothing to with the book and was called something completely different. I'm sure there are a few more positive things about that film, but I don't remember because I was too busy trying to ignore the awful parts.I'm sorry if I have upset and depressed you all with this review, maybe you should put down all Percy Jackson merch. and film and go see something less... Bad...
4 This film really annoyed the hell out of me. It is definitely an entry into the oeuvre of movies that are so obsessed by how clever its twists are that it forgets to worry about things such as sympathetic characterisation, naturalistic expositional dialogue, and, most crucially, the effective execution of said oh-so-clever twists.First, a few points about the script. The script is dreadful in parts, with exposition that may as well be spoken directly to camera. The characters, Hugh Jackman's in particular, seem unrounded and without any kind of back story - seemingly plopped into the middle of an obsessive pursuit without any explanation as to where said obsessions may have originated. As happens in so many Hollywood movies, the female roles are perfunctory up to the point of pastiche - did anyone else groan with anticipation of how banal and run-of-the-mill Scarlett Johansson would be? I'd like to see a studio movie that, in the absence of an integral love story, crowbars in some half-assed romance entirely for the sake of some demograph of dubious existence who are believed to not want to see a movie without some histrionic sexual politics.Now, on to those twists, of which there are two major ones. The first, whose set up is established very early on, is glaringly obvious. I spent most of the film seething with frustration as lines that, in what i guess the makers hoped would be in hindsight, are massively irritating 'clues' to the audience. All this is abrogated by the fact that it was all clear to me from the off (and i wasn't aware there was a twist to the film so i wasn't looking out for one), all due to the fact that essential production values fail to adequately disguise the twist. The second twist, which acts not only as plot but supposedly as a thematic comparison to the first, is what left me wanting my money back. The filmmakers seemed to have forgotten that suspension of disbelief must be eared through establishing what can an cannot happen in the world they have created. For example, in The Matrix, when we shown that it is Trinity's love for Neo that brings him back from the dead, the audience is able to accept this because the reality that has been established is one of sci-fi machines-rule-the-world type. We have been prepared to be asked to go along with the possible. The Prestige, a film that throughout its running time shows and tells us that the magic in the film is one rooted in realistic trickery and that the rivalry between the two main characters is based on which can come up with the cleverest ruse, believes that it does not need to ask the audience to suspend its disbelief before laying down the biggest of deus ex machina macguffins seen in recent cinema. We are expected to believe that within this realistic turn of the century world that a machine is invented that (through science, not magic) can do what remains impossible in the present. This 'twist' represents lazy, lazy storytelling - it is like the writers could not come up with an actual clever ending so just used their get out of jail free card instead.On the side, there are some very pretty things to look at, with impressive period detail and some imaginative compositions from Nolan. Michael Caine and Andy Serkis are both excellent, and its always nice to see David Bowie on screen, but thats where the acting plaudits stop. Bale and Jackman give in uncharismatic and unlikeable performances and Johanssen floats along on a wave of arbitrariness.I would say to avoid this film, unless you enjoy the energy that truly hating a film can give you, as it has to me.
4 If you like action and adventure, but don't care about realism, then this might be the show for you. In the first half hour of the show they show so many policy violations that the entire team would be on restricted duty. Uniform officers with beards, pulling the SWAT vehicle right into the middle of the shooting scene, no backup and closing off of the area, firing the team leader without any investigation or trial board, and the last I knew LAPD does not accept lateral transfers, so Officer Street would have to go through the Academy, break in, be off probation, then apply for SWAT and pass all the testing, and that doesn't cover all the violations! I wish the show well, but I don't expect it to became a docudrama of truth.
4 The original material the film is based on, "The Snowman" by Jo Nesbo, is a gripping thriller brilliantly composed with complex characters. However, this film adaption lacks everything. Frankly, there is very little left of the original story. The scriptwriters not only tampered with the plot, but altered characters as well. It is an entirely different story that is badly constructed with gaping holes in the plot. Without having read the book, I'd imagine it would be slightly better with decent performances from the actors. Shame that had such an awful script to work with.
4 It was a late Sunday afternoon after a late Saturday night and it was my partner that suggested that, of all the films doing the rounds, The House Bunny would be a good pick. I did have my doubts on her call but figured that it might be silly fun in an undemanding sort of way and that maybe it was suitable for the situation. The film opens with a tone that suggests that this was the right approach because from the get-go I was getting a vibe of Clueless and figured that there would be some silly laughs on the way to the obvious conclusion of "on second thoughts, to thy own self be true and it will all be OK" moral. Fine, I will concede that the Happy Madison production company logo was a little bit of a concern but not to the point where I ever prejudged the film before it had even had a chance to work on me.Looking back though, had I done so I would not have been far off the mark because The House Bunny is a pretty flat piece of work. Lets cut right through it here and get right to the central problem, which is that it is simply not funny enough to make me forgive it and ignore all the other problems it has - and it has plenty. Since watching I was read many comments ripping into it for the simple characters, the basic plot, the lack of internal logic that it has even within the context of the jocks/nerds high school genre but if all these viewers had been rolling in the aisles or charmed by the film then few of them would be saying any of these (even if they all continued to be true). Sadly the majority of the film is unfunny and has little in the way of charm. Neither thing can be said of Faris though because her delivery makes for some of the few funny bits of the piece. OK she struggles with her airhead character but when she gets to juxtaposition her bubbliness with things that don't fit her character, like swearing or the physical slapstick.This is not enough though and there are few others willing to step up and help her. The students themselves are all so-so characters and their performances are what you would expect. It doesn't help that some of them are so simple on paper (written for the sake of comedy) that we don't really feel for them across the story. McDonald and D'Angelo are solid additions but other than one or two good laughs they aren't ever fully utilised. Hefner happily takes part in the movie as it allows him to further cement this idea of him as a cool part of our culture where he is like a kindly uncle preceding over good clean fun, and certainly not a pornographer who has gotten rich from the fact that young women are attractive in states of undress or while having full sex.Speaking of this actually, it is hard to avoid one of the biggest underlying problems with the film and it is related to the whole Playboy thing. You see, as a man, I do watch porn and, while in the back of my mind there is a worry about exploitation or a disbelief that someone would seek out a job that asks them to do some of the things that are now standard in these films (not to mention the stuff that is not standard), I generally don't think about it too much. Now at least I can be honest about that but The House Bunny turns a totally blind eye and creates this fantasy that the playboy mansion is all about loveliness and beauty and not about pornography or sex in any way. In itself I can ignore this because it is a lie that has been told so many times before but what bugs me here is how the place is used as an ideal within the transformation of the characters. The message of "to thy own self be true" never appears and, although it tries to get to some sort of slightly warming moral it ultimately can be summed up by "for the love of God don't be yourself because boys won't like it and if you're not popular then you are nothing". This is not the most uplifting of messages but I could buy it if it had used this for the majority and then flipped it for the ease of closing the film - it is concerning that nobody seemed to think that this was necessary to do.Like I say though, if the film had been funny then I wouldn't have minded any of this stuff but there are just too few laughs in here to cover anything. Faris produces a handful but they are all "out-of-nowhere" laughs that come because they don't fit with the rest of the material - which unfortunately is the majority of the running time. A very basic comedy that is nowhere near funny enough to cover up the problems and the themes that it has.
4 "The Leisure Seeker" (R, 1:52) is a 2017 comedy-drama directed by Paolo Virzì (helming his first English-language feature film) and based on the 2009 novel of the same name by American novelist and short story writer Michael Zadoorian. The film follows an elderly married couple on a road trip in their 1975 Winnebago from their home in Massachusetts to Key West, one last big vacation, planned by Ella Spencer (Oscar winner Dame Helen Mirren) so her husband, John (2-time Golden Globe winner and honorary Oscar recipient Donald Sutherland), can finally visit the home of his idol, Ernest Hemingway.The couple's adult children, Will (BAFTA nominee Christian McKay) and Jane (Janel Moloney, a TV veteran, best known for "The West Wing"), come close to panic when they realize their parents have left home in that old RV of the film's title. Not only are Ella and John old, but Ella is in treatment for an unspecified illness and John, who does all the driving, has unspecified memory issues. Ella sometimes calls to check in and even answers her children's cell phone calls on occasion, but only to reassure them that the couple is alright - not to reveal their location or destination - or to be talked out of anything.While Will and Jane stew (especially the high-strung Will) and argue, Ella and John have the vacation of a lifetime. Along the way, they meet people to whom they talk at length (Ella about her family and John about Hemingway), strengthen their bonds with each other, relive old memories (partly to reminisce and partly to help John hold on to those memories) and they struggle with the effects of their respective illnesses. There's also a subplot in which John repeatedly accuses Ella of wanting to go to Florida to reconnect with her boyfriend from 50 years ago. However, none of this takes their focus off the goal of reaching Key West - allowing questions about past relationships and current situations to be answered."The Leisure Seeker" takes Movie Fans on a charming, but uncomfortable trip. Mirren and Sutherland make for an adorable couple (especially Mirren, doing well with a South Carolina accent), but it's more uncomfortable than entertaining to watch Ella and John suffer (especially when Ella alternates between being sympathetic to John and acting like she doesn't understand what's going on) and also struggle to come to terms with their mortality. The pleasure in watching these two fine actors create and develop these likeable characters is more than outweighed by lazy writing & plotting and uneven directing. "C+"
4 This film really let me down.I didn't expect a great film but I expected something that was at least 'OK'. How wrong I was. I honestly can't understand the hype. 'Intelligent' they say?? What sort of intelligent film has to have it's protagonists explain what is happening continuously throughout the film?? Now Memento, that was a good film. And, I suppose, 'intelligent'. But by intelligent, I mean something that pushes boundaries of the viewer's understanding. I don't mean intelligent as in 1) able to do simple arithmetic, 2) develop reading and writing skills and 3) generally being one notch above a dolphin.OK, let's make a start shall we? Firstly, one of the greatest literary and cinematic arts is the use of metaphor. This film has none. One thing the film is full of is too much explanatory dialogue (not to mention pre-teen psychology - the father figure relationship in the subconscious). For example, in the first Matrix film, the viewer understands the profundity of what is being delivered through metaphor (a feature that the subsequent Matrix films sadly missed). In this film here, everything is painstakingly explained. To me, this speaks volumes.Secondly, great actors, yes. BUT ALL miscast and given appalling dialogue in an appalling script. I mean, Ellen Page was great in Juno, but here she comes out with painfully mechanical lines in the same way that Joseph Gordon-Levitt also does. In the same way that every character does. They ALL speak the same way and we are no better understanding one character by the end of the film than we were when they first appeared.Thirdly, logic. Philosophy. Call it what you want. Why was Ariadne chosen to become the architect? What does she actually DO??And Ken Watanabe. Why is he alive after dying on the third or fourth level 'down' in the subconscious after the film so adamantly stresses the dangers of dying in the 'dream'? How can he wake up on the plane?? Why, in fact, is there that scene at the start of the film where he appears old and which features the safe and the confidential papers Leonardo De Caprio finds.Why does Leonardo De Caprio constantly have to furrow his brow? Oh, yes, it's a vain attempt to look mean and manly because the poor man still has, unfortunately for him, such a baby face.Why is Cillian Murphy's character chosen to be their means of helping LDC's character get back to his kids? And isn't it convenient to have a dream sequence in a blockbuster that resembles a James Bond film snow-covered chase scene? Why does the film have to go on for two and a half hours instead of one and a half? And most importantly, if Leonardo De Caprio's character is so severely screwed up about his wife why, o why does he have to be the main character in this film? Couldn't the team work with someone more well-balanced?? Can he in fact be any use to his kids if he eventually finds them???Nonsense nonsense nonsense. Big pile of nonsensical psycho-babble. And yes, where else but America???
4 So Laurent Binet writes an interesting account of the Heydrich/Anthropoid story, almost as a stream of consciousness around the details, with an added sidenote about the difficulty of sticking to the facts. The book becomes popular, so it gets turned into a film. The film sticks to the known facts, necessarily ditches the whole first- person subtext of the book - so then becomes just another film about Anthropoid. And completely wastes its opportunity. Its so dull and uninspired, it can't even keep the name of the book and switches to the more generic "The Man With The Iron Heart" - which still isn't accurate because its more about Anthropoid than Heydrich. Following Atentat, Operation Daybreak and Anthropoid - if you're going to tell this story again, you'd better have a reason to. It needs a writer like Sorkin to distill the plentiful ironies and conflicts between the lines, address the characters of these people and what motivates them. HHhH comes across as criminally bland and uninspired, there's not a single suspenseful or emotional note in the whole film.
4 3/26/18. I like time traveling movies but for some reason this one was hard to follow. It was all right for a rom-com. If you like the actors, then catch this.
4 At its core, Rise desperately aims for the charm of Glee and the subjects of John Green, but it misses the mark. The show takes elements and major plot points from Glee, including the stepping down of the project director or the harsh the direction of the principal regarding football and the musical club. They try to take a different direction of the actions of those in Glee, but their execution is so poor that it doesn't work.The characters are so copy-paste from other media that the situations they're in could easily be put somewhere else and no one would notice. The characters should be able to work in the situations they're in, but they don't. Why should I care about these characters? The actors in this show are certainly not giving me an answer. The harsh scenes in this show should be tearful, upsetting, and depressing. But they're not. The actors don't even care what they're saying. The director is told in the first episode that his eldest had alcohol, and what does he do? Kinda yells. That's about it.The technical side of this show is also a mess. The music often plays so loudly over the characters I missed huge plot points at times. There's a scene where two characters are talking in a bar. Both of them are incredibly hard to hear, especially when one of them begins whispering.The color palate for this show is bland. This does not mean beige bland, it means BORING. The colors are all vomit green, and they mix together so much that no attention is drawn to important graphical elements.Overall, I don't care what you hear about how the producer of Hamilton helped out with the show. That does NOT make it good. This show is bad. It's another carbon copy of pandering nonsense.
4 Once again black male white girl... Come On Hollywood! enough is enough... instead of sending "messages" like this one, Hollywood should take care of making good films. The Mountain Between Us is so predictable, acting by Idris Elba and Kate Winslet is weak and even picture, in a movie filmed between mountains, is not relevant. In summary, poor script for a very stupid film. Not recommended!
4 I saw a preview of this film a few weeks ago in Philadelphia. I am huge fan of the book and could not wait to see the movie. I was not disappointed. I LOVED this movie. I have not seen anything more moving or more real in such a long time.The movie stays very close to the book. The book has a bit more details, but all the parts of the book that make it so great were in the movie. There was not a thing missed in the screenplay.The characters come alive on the screen. There is no stretch of imagination. The casting is perfect.Go see this, you will not be disappointed!
4 I just wasted 2 hours of my life thinking this film may be better than the first but no, giving every film a chance before judging it but no again, it was a shitshow. First of all the plot was absolutely terrible! I read the book and even though the book kind of sucked this was seriously 100 times worse.Secondly they didn't explain anything, they must've skipped like 2/3 of the book and just took in the "cool" parts because it made no sense at all. First they ran off to a desert walking for 20 minutes, secondly they found some zombies, third walked somewhere, found some more zombies and oops WICKED hates us. Someone dies and poff the end. They introduced about a 100 different unimportant characters and pretty much killed them ofimmediately. Most of them were flat and were just plot devices. No character development at all, seriously they stayed the same throughout the whole film.The cinematography part was alright, and the music was great. The acting wasn't half bad, sure they convinced me. But don't watch it, it's not worth your time.
4 As a child, Jed Sawyer is taken from his murderous hillbilly family and put in the Gorman House Youth Reformatory, where he spends the next ten years with a new identity. When the prisoners revolt, a small group make a bid for freedom with pretty nurse Lizzy (Vanessa Grasse) and fellow inmate Jackson as their hostages.Tobe Hooper's original The Texas Chain Saw Massacre ranks as one of the scariest films ever made, its iconic killer Leatherface its most frightening creation. With this latest film in the series, they've gone and done what Rob Zombie did with his godawful Halloween remake: give the killer a back story. In humanising the character, they have lessened his effectiveness as an object of fear. Once an emotionless, uncontrollable monster, impossible to reason with, he is now someone we can identify with and feel a level of pity for. It didn't work for Michael Myers and it doesn't work here.The origins story-line also makes much of the film seem frustratingly unlike a Texas Chainsaw movie, at times even reminding me of a Tarantino flick (the escape from Gorman House made me think of Natural Born Killers while the BBQ stop massacre was redolent of both NBK and Pulp Fiction). Only in the film's closing moments do things actually feel like they belong to the franchise, with Lizzy trying to escape the Sawyer's charnel house, a chainsaw wielding Jed (soon to become Leatherface) hot on her heels. Directors Alexandre Bustillo and Julien Maury don't hold back on the brutality and blood, but even so, I can imagine many fans of the series being disappointed with the level of splatter (too much for some, not enough for others).5.5 out of 10, rounded down to 5 for that really dumb scene in which three people (including one really fat guy) hide from the law by climbing inside the festering carcass of a steer. A really big steer. Also, minus half a point for the unbelievable necro sex scene. And another half point subtracted for Jed's sudden (and also completely unbelievable) transformation from rational human being to hulking homicidal maniac.
4 While it is clear that The Spierig Brothers are familiar with all the haunted house horror story conventions, they, like Rob Zombie before them, do not seem to be able to effectively use them. A fondness for the genre does not translate into the ability to engage and frighten an audience. Before anyone dismisses my review as being from someone who doesn't enjoy deliberately paced, creepy stories without a plethora of pyrotechnics, let me state that The Haunting (the original not the crappy remake) and 1944's The Uninvited are two of my favorite films. You don't need a large budget or special effects to make a scary film on the subject of a haunted house. Both Insidious and Sinister demonstrated that with good direction and a decent story you can scare the hell out of an audience.While Winchester boasts some good actors and a wonderful setting that is fraught with possibilities, it squanders both on a tired story of ghosts looking for revenge, which completely ignores the real facts of the Winchester House. A couple jump scares accompanied by sudden music stings work to a degree, but there is no genuine feeling of suspense generated by the script, no growing sense of escalating dread. Instead we get acceptable performances and some nice looking sets as the actors go through their paces to little effect.It's not a terrible film, but one which fails to raise the hackles and which you will quickly forget after leaving the theater.
4 When I watched the movie version a few years ago, I kind of liked it. It wasn't that bad and I like the genre anyways. I was waiting for the second part to come out but sadly that never happened. After I while I read somewhere that a TV-show would be made out of it. My first thought was: that's great! I prefer it when books are adapted into TV-shows over movies because more original book details (I personally haven't read the books, but I know it's nice for the people who have) can be used and you don't have to wait a year before you can watch the next part. Well, I was mistaken.The show is horrible. Seriously though. I have watched about 40 TV-shows and 700 movies and never been I ever so disappointed and have I seen such crap. I've seen amateur and fan-made movies, which were better. Here's a list of what's wrong with it.1. Bad acting. Not everyone, but most of the actors are just awful. I'm not saying I could do better, but they could've casted anyone and they pick those people. I have to be honest and say that most of the actors I haven't seen anywhere else so I can't be sure whether they are just bad actors or their director just sucks, but still. It's just so annoying to watch.2. The special FX make-up is awful. I've seen many youtubers make better and more believable make-up. Often, it's badly blended, causing you to exactly see where the prosthetics begin and where their real skin ends. If you're gonna make something in HD you can't afford to make mistakes like that. I've seen instances where fake wounds would just not match the actors skin tone, making it extremely obvious to see. With that, those tattoo rune markings either look like they've been drawn on with a sharpie or red lip pencil. Supposedly, the characters burn the runes into their skin, which should leave a burned marking. But most of the markings look nothing like they've been burned. 3. It's badly written. Some of the bad acting can be put on the fact that it's just badly written. Most of the time, scripts tell actors where to stand, what their bodily positions should be, what kind of emotions should be used and what they should say. All of these things result into a badly looking scene. The dialogue between the characters isn't very interesting either. It's boring, either way to obvious or not logical at all with no given explanation. You are left with so many questions. Is the institute of the shadow hunters a school? Is it a workplace? Who is their boss? Why doesn't anyone of the team interact with any of the other shadow hunters? 4. Crappy props and sets. If you've watched any of the episodes or even the trailer, you might've seen what I'm talking about: those ridiculous plastic looking, glow stick like sword thingies. As I said before, I haven't read the books so I don't know whether this detail is in it or not, but if it is, it would've been better if they had just left it out. In lotr, Sting also glows, but the way they did it, makes the sword still look like a sword. Here their swords look like something you would buy in a toy store for your 5-year-old kid. It just looks ridiculous. Their rune engraving thingy also gives me a plastic vibe. Another thing I keep seeing (and which also annoys the hell out of me) is the lighting. In some scenes you know it is night, but there's still daylight shining through the stained-glass windows. But then again, maybe it's some kind of shadow hunter magic??? I could probably rant on for hours, but I think I'll leave it at this. Long story short: it's bad, don't watch it.However, I'm probably still going to continue watching it. My hopes are that over the episodes or seasons it might get a little better. I won't get my hopes up, but I'm just curious whether they will do something with the reviews.
4 Comedy and tragedy have always gone together hand-in-hand. Every great comedy tends to have its bitter-sweet moments: Roberts Blossom as the "shovel-killer" grandad in "Home Alone" (who always reminds me of my late Dad... in appearance I might add, not that he was a shovel killer!); John Candy's depressed shower-ring salesman in "Planes Trains and Automobiles"; Ron Burgundy bawling in a phone box in "Anchorman". The balance between the two is the key thing and comedies can sometimes get it wrong (the Bird Woman in "Home Alone 2" for example!).Here is another case in point: "Daddy's Home 2", which has some laugh-out-loud comedy moments, but is generally so utterly drenched in schmaltz and sentimentality that the film becomes far harder work than it should be. (By the way, I never saw "Daddy's Home" (but read the IMDB synopsys): it was not a prerequisite for seeing this movie).Will Ferrell ("Get Hard", "Anchorman") reprises his role as the somewhat incompetent Brad, 'sharing' his family of kids and stepkids with the much more streetwise Dusty (Mark Wahlberg, "Patriot's Day"). After a poignant school recital, the pair realise the damage that a distributed Christmas is doing to their offspring and they determine to spend Christmas all together this year. In the process they vow to try to put aside their attempts at one-upmanship - "the harbour is closed" - in the interests of giving everyone the best Christmas ever.But their plans are turned upside down when their fathers also turn up for Christmas: Mel Gibson (in a sublime piece of casting) plays Dusty's dad, astronaut-hero Kurt, who is even more macho and extreme than Dusty, and John Lithgow ("Miss Sloane"; "The Accountant") plays Brad's airy-fairy father Don... the apple has not fallen far from the tree there. Kurt forces the family to 'fight' Christmas on a neutral turf by renting a palatial AirBnB in a snowy wilderness. Tensions rise between the diverse individuals until a breaking point is inevitably reached.There are some great farcical sight-gags in this movie. Quite a few of the funniest ones are spoiled by the trailer, but there are still a few standout routines that made me guffaw. A hi-tech shower is predictable but funny; and Brad's use of a snowblower to apocalyptic ends is the funniest scene in the movie. Wahlberg and Ferrell are a trustworthy double act (after their initial surprise pairing in "The Other Guys"). Gibson and Lithgow also inhabit their roles perfectly, although it was hard of me to relate to either of them. The scene on the airport escalator as they arrive is very well done.The supporting cast all play their parts well: ER's Linda Cardellini as Brad's wife and Dusty's ex-wife; Brazilian model and actress Alessandra Ambrosio, as Dusty's (almost unbelievably good-looking) new wife Karen; and WWE star John Cena as Karen's ex-husband. (Doesn't ANYONE stay married in the US any more?). The kid stars - Didi Costine, Scarlett Estevez and Owen Vaccaro - are also good, with Estevez being particularly appealing. Watch out for a funny cameo in the final scene as well, which I found very amusing ("You only have one story" ... LoL).What drowns out the comedy though is the sentimental storyline around a personal tragedy being lived out by one of the family. The angst and nasty back-biting that surrounds this I found neither funny nor pleasant. The story builds to a snow-bound cinema (showing "Missile Tow" starring Liam Neeson... a great "pointless answer" for the BBC's "Pointless" quiz!) and a finale song that is just so over the top that it has both an "awww" factor and is bile-inducing all at the same time. The screenplay is by Sean Anders and John Morris, with Anders also directing. Will Ferrell films can be like a game of Russian Roulette, and I fully expected this to be truly awful. It wasn't, and as a Christmas comedy it is an OK watch... and thankfully significantly above "Jingle all the Way"!(For the graphical review, please visit bob-the-movie-man.com or One Mann's Movies on Facebook. Thanks).
4 H.O.K.E.Y. would have been a more appropriate name for this reboot version of the 1975 original S.W.A.T. TV action series. I don't expect to watch TV crime shows for any sense of realism, but nor do I wish to be insulted with a hokey story line unless it is for a Saturday morning cartoon show.Shemar Moore is extremely fit and he is a handsome man, but me being just a regular guy, I have no interest in seeing him without a shirt on unless the scene includes his character Daniel 'Hondo' Harrelson being in a boxing ring getting the crap kicked out of him.I would have expected Shemar Moore to be a lot more picky in what TV series he starred in after so many good seasons on Criminal Minds. I did notice that each of the first several episodes have a different writer assigned which could be a good thing, or a bad thing. As for the pilot episode all I can say is it was pretty hokey.4/10
4 Two films from this past year prompted me to revisit Kubrick's ultimate costume drama, "Barry Lyndon," both of them staring the opulent Nicole Kidman--Von Trier's "Dogville" for its languid pacing and literary narration, and the much maligned "Birth" for its classical music score and long, wide camera shots. What I discovered while watching for the first time uninterrupted the digitally remastered DVD of Kubrick's period piece is that the film was paradoxically way ahead of its time while at the same time over-indulgently a time warp of a film that much like a great sci-fi flick, took the viewer completely into another world, this one just happened to be late 18th century Britian and Europe.Kubrick's attention to visual and sound detail (the music, the sounds of birds and trees rustling, the cold echos of a Lord's castle) is mind boggling. All the outdoor shots were filmed in the pure natural light of day, while all the interior shots were done by candle-light. The result is amazing. His attention to character, as usual is austere (only in the death scene of Barry's young son does the viewer feel any sympathy), but fittingly so given the grotesque formalities that surrounded everyday life in the era in which these characters lived and died. The themes are epic (duels, dastardly deeds by state and individual, wars at home and abroad, betrayal, greed, lust) as is the scope of the camera's eye. The visual sumptuousness of the entire endeavor almost pummels the viewer into submission and left me in an altered state almost as wondrous and weird as the one Kubrick created in "2001" where I actually felt like I was part of this strange world of 18th century Britian. For the film buff, this is a work of art, and for fans of period pieces this is the pinnacle of the genre.
4 This was a truly hilarious movie. Although it is something that is rare to say, but this sequel was better than the first movie. It was fun and heartwarming with comedic surprises. All the actors did a phenomenal job with their roles. The movie was light-hearted fun, just like you would expect from a good movie of this genre. Once again, I am reminded why comedy movies are the best (in my opinion).
4 Sometimes, great actors end up in pointless movies. I'm a faithful fan of Daniel Radcliffe, which is why I watched this movie. Whoever convinced him to do this movie is a desperate con artist. It barely makes any sense, and most of the setting is obscure and boring. The directing was awful, and the ending was just a bunch of concepts thrown together. Don't bother with this title, Daniel has plenty of better material for your viewing pleasure.
4 Slow boring performance. Stereotype sup-par acting. No energy, fast wrap-up and low entertaining value. Fastfood like value. In Jeff Labrecque's article in Entertainment Weekly, he writes that countless American actors have been negatively impacted by the large influx of actors from the UK. He pinpoints training as the main issue. There are far too many American actors who are prone to laziness.
4 I saw the original mad max... it was violent, it had car battles, it had minimal character development. I had very realistic expectations going into the theater to see this new version.Never have I been more disappointed with a movie. The acting on both leads parts was mediocre at best, with the male lead switching from being well spoken to being capable of nothing but grunting.. The story line seems to have been written and edited by remedial English students, the characters are unbelievable and seriously lack any character development, it has horrible motorcycle stunts... and guys bouncing back and forth on poles of all things.and come on.. a flame-throwing guitar and fat women being milked for no explained reason to trade for gasoline to power the flame throwing guitar?... it's full of shitty clichés... badly cut scenes.. and lots of explosions. Save your money see anything else and you will be better off.
4 As others wrote, I am also amazed how I did not notice that women are not equally respected as men, adjusting their life, thinking and behavior to male dominated world even in 2018 until I see the world by simply switching the gender in this movie. In this movie, women does look terrible treating men without equal respect, like an object, and dominating their life; which is quite normal in this world by just switching gender. In this movie, men have to worry about their looks than women, because men are valued mostly by their looks. It looks frightening and oppressed to live as a man in a female dominated world in this movie. It is also refreshing to see women live with their full potential and lead the world without social pressure and worrying about how men look at them in this movie. This movie is simple but an amazing eye opener and can put both women and men in each other's shoes to see the world.
4 After the excellent.....and hilarious.....Thor 3, I was rather looking forward to this. Positive reviews had also whetted the appetite. Perhaps it was the expectation that undermined the enjoyment?The genre is a little hard to quantify, but it reminded a lot of Wonder Woman. Except, instead of the WW2 setting, we had a kind of Bond-style thriller instead, complete with ridiculous gadgets and under-developed baddies.The film looks great (some dodgy CGI aside) - I liked the armour, weaponry and cultural aesthetics. I also felt a lot of the performances were quite compelling. Unfortunately, it is all rather dull. And doesn't feature anything we haven't seen before. What is most disappointing, is that it doesn't seem to tie into the Marvel continuity at all (apart from the unremarkable Everett Ross, who appeared from nowhere in Civil War and is a poor attempt to replace Agent Coulson). Like Wonder Woman, this is simply a "Black Panther tale" and you can take it or leave it when embarking on your next Marvel marathon.I also found the advanced technology to be completely over the top. Weapons and armour, I can understand. Miracle healing and Panther suits concealed within necklace teeth is VERY hard to swallow indeed. Vibranium was an indestructible Alien metal that could absorb sound. Fair enough. Great material for weapons and armour. But spaceships and miracle healing? Really? Couldn't we have toned it down just a little?I was bored. My friend was bored. After his wonderful debut in Civil War, this was a bit of a wasted opportunity.
4 The 1950's critics and audiences did injustice to some movies.  They dissed the dreamy, chilling VERTIGO, and spurned THE SEARCHERS for failing to present the usual Simon-pure hero.  In one case, though, I think the '50's generation was right and today's movie fans are wrong.  TOUCH OF EVIL should have remained in the oblivion to which its contemporaries consigned it.The storyline follows Mexican policeman Mike Vargas (played by Charlton Heston!!??) and his wife Susan (the ravishing Janet Leigh) as he investigates a car bombing and she gets threatened a lot by some gangsters against whom her husband is going to testify.  The story ends up dividing into two very tenuously connected plots, as Susan is isolated at a motel with an idiotic night man (shades of PSYCHO) while Mike at first tries to help, and then tries to thwart bigoted detective Hank Quinlan (Orson Welles).Welles wrote, directed and starred in this movie.  Yes, I said starred; Vargas may be the clean-cut hero, but everybody's eyes are on Quinlan. Welles makes a great heavy, in the literal as well as figurative sense, and he is scary as hell.  In the starring department, he's great; in the directing department he's madly inconsistent; and in the writing department, he stinks.Now I am sure to be burned at the stake for heresy in questioning Welles' direction in this movie.  Certainly, his use of the camera is extremely imaginative, as in the stupendously long opening shot; he cuts back and forth with superb timing in the suspenseful conclusion; he has some neat continuous shots in an apartment and an elevator; and he does a truly ghastly murder scene by flashing lights.  But there's more to directing than just camera work.  You have to handle your cast, and Welles doesn't. Allowing Heston to be cast as the lead was insane; even though Welles owed the directing job to Heston, he could have given him the role of Peter Menzies.  And where was Welles when Akim Tamiroff and Dennis Weaver were over-acting like the sky was about to fall?  Even if their absurd approaches to their roles were their own idea and not Welles' responsibility, Welles should at least have demanded re-takes of all their scenes, and told them to calm down or else he'd find some better actors.However, what really sinks the movie is the sheer absurdity of the script, which Welles himself adapted from a cheap novel.  A tiny explosive barely the size of a hand grenade, dropped in a trunk, blasts a car off the ground like the eruption of Mount Saint Helens.  A woman is then called in to "identify" the charred, burned and dismembered corpses.  Displeased with Vargas' investigation, a punk throws dark, sticky Movie Acid at him that sticks to a wall and burns through it like a hot knife through warm butter. Then Janet Leigh is driven by a friendly policeman to the Amazing Coincidence Motel, which just happens to be owned by the gangsters who've been threatening her.  They don't need to threaten her any more, since they have an incriminating photo to blackmail her with, but they do it anyway, and the photo is never mentioned again.  A dopehead whispers through her wall about the joys of mainlining (injecting) marijuana.  Then, as she shivers and cowers, unarmed goons slowly stalk into her apartment and she lets them assault her, even though she has a loaded gun in easy reach (this despite earlier scenes that established her as a fiery, combative woman). In sum, TOUCH OF EVIL pays no more attention to detail and character consistency than any direct-to-video thriller of the present day.  This is bad in any movie, but worst in a mystery thriller, where even the most casual audience members are keeping an eye out for the little details that will catch the killers and unmask the frauds later on.If you thought that SNAKE EYES was genius, you should love TOUCH OF EVIL. But if you refuse to let slam-bang camera antics distract you from the absence of characterization, poor plotting (both depend heavily on deus ex machina devices), and uneven acting, you'd best avoid both of them.
4 This premise had a lot of potential. I wanted to like the movie, but was really disappointed in the end.It was unfocused, the worldbuilding felt inconsistent and the different parts didn't seem connected. A futuristic Berlin skyline, retro interiors, contemporary cars, and buildings didn't fit together in this context.The acting by the three main protagonists was alright and had many good parts, but was hampered by a rather bad, uninteresting plot which included some dull dialogs.It sometimes just felt randomly diced together.It wasn't a terrible movie, but it was just too flawed to be enjoyable.
4 Remember "Life", the recent sci-fi horror "Alien" knockoff with a great cast that couldn't compete with its sterile script? "The Cloverfield Paradox" is this year's "Life", except worse.I'm a sucker for sci-fi horror, so despite the bad reviews I went into this movie with an open mind. Truthfully, it's not terrible, mostly due to the cast. There isn't a weak link in the acting department. No matter how trite or cliché the dialogue is, they deliver it with the necessary gravitas. Sadly, this is a sci-fi horror film, so the bulk of the film's effectiveness lies with the scares. And that's where this movie fails. There was not a single decent scare or even an attempt at building suspense. There could have been tension had the location been bottled in the space station, but the movie cuts to and from an Earth storyline that has absolutely no bearing on the plot whatsoever. The movie itself makes no sense. It takes a page out of the "Event Horizon" book with the alternate dimensions and whatnot, which is a cool premise. The problem is that as soon as things go awry, the rulebook goes out the window. Things just happen because why the hell not. Chris O'Dowd's arm gets cut off and begins to write a message on its own. Some guy starts convulsing and worms burst out of his face. A stranger suddenly materializes inside one of the space station's walls. "Why?" is a valid question to all of these statements, but the movie has no intention of explaining anything.Then there's the Cloverfield aspect, which is clearly just tacked on at the end to capitalize on the name. Again, aside from the dedicated cast and some admittedly cool looking deaths, "The Cloverfield Paradox" brings nothing new or interesting to the genre. It's yet another "Alien" derivation with even less to say than the films that came before it.
4 I'm only guessing but it seems that movie critics are getting 1) younger and 2)less well educated than earlier generations. Certainly the hack writing in the London Evening Standard seems to qualify on both counts and reinforced my theory when she stated categorically that Crimson Peak is not based on a classic novel. Maybe not but it is definitely a rip-off of Edgar Allan Poe's The Fall Of The House Of Usher, albeit del Toro allows the house itself to remain standing but does mimic Poe's classic in featuring a crumbling mansion inhabited by a brother and sister who enjoy an incestuous relationship. Even the period is close - within sixty or seventy years of Poe - so it might have been titled The Serious Tilt Of The House of Usher. Apparently it's had mixed reviews which means more or less than a percentage of critics are happy to swallow del Toro's bulls**t.
4 First of all, they should get the camera man to stop drinking so we can hold the camera steady. This new style of hand-held cameras is absolutely, and literally, nauseating. I I would like to say it I actually saw the film, but for 40% of it my eyes are closed just keep from puking on the guy in front of me.The about beside the movie is extremely weak with no character development and it's highly unlikely that an advanced civilization of aliens as those depicted in the movie The Practice martial arts as too close to just vaporising the human beings. I am an absolute sci-fi geek, and willing to forgive a lot of things. But this movie fails on so many levels I wonder why I even spent the time watching it that I will never get back.I gave it 5 Stars only for the reason that it has some good special effects. But even they were amateurish and I can only think that the camera movement was designed to disguise the poor quality of the CGI.
4 A masterpiece, based on John Steinbeck's classic Pulitzer Prize- winning novel. Captures the desperation, hopelessness and human suffering caused by the Great Depression better than any other movie. Surely one of the saddest, most depressing, movies ever made.Director John Ford pulls no punches. Other than the direct effects of the depression, the depiction of the lengths people go to to abuse the helplessness of other humans is shocking (and very probably true). Yet, among all the cynicism, there are acts of kindness and selflessness that leave you with hope for mankind.Henry Fonda is great as Tom Joad, and deserved his Best Actor Oscar nomination. Supporting cast are superb, with Jane Darwell (as Ma Joad), to the fore. Her Best Supporting Actress Oscar was well- deserved.A must-see, whether you've read the book or not. Realistic human drama at its best.
4 Can you say plot holes.... This movie started out good, but went downhill real quick. The main actor gives a good performance, but in the last act they basically cut him out and left all the weaker cast members to fill in the void. Not to mention, the science in this movie is complete BS. I feel like the writers doesn't understand how evolution works. Weekly injections doesn't somehow turn you into a mix of every animal imaginable. Plus, if technology has come so far, to the point where you can manipulate human DNA and genetically engineer a new species, sustainability problem would be the least of your worries.And the concepts and reasoning behind the plot makes even less sense. Of all the planets and moons, why choose Titan? It's further away then any other planet and the conditions and atmosphere there is no better then any other. The reasoning behind everything feels very weak, which make this suppose society seem very unrealistic.
4 OK, so there were no superheroes, just Michael Caine as a cranky old dictator and Katie Holmes as a stressed-out mom. It was a bit understated at times, but moved along at a nice, even pace and had some nice acting. The script seems to have been well thought out and there were plenty of (mostly) subtle laughs to be enjoyed. I definitely feel as though my time was well spent watching it.If you're looking for car chases and explosions, you'll need to look elsewhere, but it's good for its genre.I enjoyed it.
4 Once again, I shouldn't have trusted that preview, or it might have been that the short before "Up" was so wonderful, or was it that the mostly silent introduction to our main character was nothing short of glorious... somewhere, though, this film lost its ability to touch in the way other Pixar and animated features have done in the past."Up" is supposedly about achieving our dreams, discovering who we really are, learning to adapt to the changes life brings to us, and so many other themes that it is a wonder we even recognize them, as the film changes from an intimate portrayal of two lonely people to a rather hectic adventure that barely rises above average.The animation is, of course, superb, and the vocal work by all the people involved is first-rate. Problems arise when we notice than other than the amazing prologue, most of the good stuff has already been show in the preview. The other sections don't quite muster enough emotional power to make us care. For instance, the vistas aren't impressive, the set action pieces near the end don't carry much wallop, and it's hard to have a movie that lacks. The film just feels like some non-threatening film that is paying tribute to movies that had originality and the right tone. I couldn't help wondering what people like Spielberg and Zemeckis could have done with this movie, and the echoes of "Wall-e" kept haunting me, as I remembered the lyricism of that movie that made us remember what it is like to be human in the middle of all these choking technology. "Up" doesn't quite take you up for the ride, or make you feel "up". There is no cathartic moment, no real payoff, and the best moments are the sentimental moments when pictures of their loving relationship is on the screen.Marketing can do wonders, and this will be a huge moneymaker. Hopefully it will only receive the credit it really deserves, and audiences will be wiser so next, we enjoy something beyond a small, sweet film that couldn't quite give us what we expected.
4 Simply put, some movies should never be remade. "Oldboy" serves as a stark reminder with only a few exceptions: Americanized remakes of beloved and admired foreign films inevitably result in disappointment. For viewers unfamiliar with the history behind Spike Lee's "Oldboy," the 2013 film is a remake of the cult-classic 2003 South Korean film of the same name, directed by Chan-wook Park. The Korean masterpiece possess a highly stylized, gritty sensibility while providing an emotional depth to its characters. Iconic director Spike Lee's "Oldboy" is as a handsomely shot piece of genre entertainment, but it fails in its attempt to define itself, resulting into a completely pointless, watered-down underwhelming thriller.An alcoholic whose life is falling apart, Joe (Josh Brolin) is far from the ideal father who is willfully neglecting his three-year-old daughter, Mia. Drugged and kidnapped one night, Joe awakens in a small room with a television, only to learn that he's been framed for the murder of his ex-wife, and will spend the next 20 years trapped in this cell where he is held as a prisoner. During the duration of his imprisonment, he trains his mind and body for escape attempts while pouring his heart out to Mia in letters. After two decades of torment, Joe is suddenly set free, seeking out an old friend Chucky (Michael Imperioli), and meeting Marie (Elizabeth Olsen), an advocate for the homeless who helps him in his cause. Hunting for the individual who locked him away, Joe spares no one as he works his way to Adrian (Sharlto Copley), a deranged man masterminding the mystery Joe and Marie are now determined to solve.Director Spike Lee, working from a screenplay by Mark Protosevich "I Am Legend" (2007), chooses to simply rehash the plot for his American remake, and quickly rushes through the unusual and unique storyline unable to establish an emotional connection with the audience which the original film develops so well. Lee's picture clocks in at a lean 104 minutes, 16 minutes shorter than Park's "Oldboy." As a result, the storytelling is rather straightforward, and it forces Lee to rush through crucial sequences which are not given the adequate time to develop. Subtly goes by the waste side, and almost abandoned completely early into the third act in favor of expeditious explanations.The remake remains largely faithful to the story of the 2003 effort, but seriously lacks in intensity and a sense of meaning. The original film achieves a sublime blending of ultra-violence with extreme art, while the remake feels bogged down in its copycat status, and its overall lighter tone hampers its enigmatic, disconcerting story of revenge. My advice is to avoid this altogether, pull up the original on Netflix, and deal with the subtitles America.
4 And now for another point of view: I didn't like it. I didn't finish it in fact. I know that "Unforgiven" is ranked by some as one of the greatest Westerns ever made. I know that it stars and was directed by Clint Eastwood, one of the icons of American cinema. I know that it won a bunch of Oscars. Still, I didn't like it. I don't like Westerns, and that's clearly a matter of taste, but I also don't admire Eastwood's acting. He is not and never has been a leading man. He is no Burt Lancaster, no Paul Newman, no John Wayne. In this film alone he is dwarfed by Richard Harris and Gene Hackman; they are both actors. No, Eastwood is a tall guy with a reedy voice who usually plays tough guys. Here he plays a retired tough guy. When I see him on screen, I see a man laboring at his acting. Then there's the anti-Western Western plot. It is too obviously intended to inject contemporary values -- a respect for the role of women, blacks, native Americans, and single parents; a disrespect for violence and drinking; the wholesomeness that comes with marriage, including interracial marriage, and small adorable children -- into a century in which those values weren't necessarily accepted, at least in these ways. By promoting those values, the movie comes across as mannered, if not preachy. Then there are the hoary movie stereotypes -- prostitutes with hearts of gold, the kid who can't shoot straight, the city slicker new to the wild West, the sage brush shimmering on a summer afternoon with a musical accompaniment in major chords. Finally there is the pacing of Eastwood's direction. I gave up after an hour. Eastwood was still riding north, chatting with Morgan Freeman and the kid who couldn't shoot straight, sixty minutes after the plot driven by the slashing of a prostitute was set in motion. It was way too slow. Somebody had to find these elements uncompelling. I am afraid it was me.
4 This is a bad movie, the hype is just critics BS. The plot is stupid and makes almost no sense. Specifically b/c the three billboards pose a question to another character (Harrelson) and he answers that question to the protagonist(McDormand) within the first 10 minutes of the movie. His answer to the question on the billboards is completely reasonable, but of course the protagonist isn't satisfied. Short of a few comical lines, the movie isn't funny. Also, there are no characters to root for throughout the movie. In addition to all the characters being either racist, hateful, or stupid (all three?), the main character is unlikable, and that is also stated later in the movie. The one good part of the movie is the realization by the protagonist that they are selfish person who is actually doing everything for them self and hurting everyone else around them b/c they are miserable. The ending is also bad and is not really an ending.
4 In the distant future, an uprising against the government of ends brutally and tragically, forcing those who survive the revolution to (a) form a new political system or (b) conform to the recent totalitarian control. Society is divided into sections called s; each has a certain specialty, like or . But despite the initially seamless system, civil unrest is mounting with slow but capable precision. At its lead is a young man or woman who bears unique traits, like or ; they are the only hope for a democratic future as the ruthless government will do everything they can to deter change.If you haven't guessed it already, I have just written the formula for creating a brand new Hunger Games/Divergent series (or run-of-the-mill video game at worst). Post-apocalyptic setting? Check! Attractive young people who want to be free at last? Check! A governmental head honcho who wants nothing more than to see those attractive young peoples heads on sticks? Check!Where The Hunger Games and Divergent split apart is specifically at the fault of their makers. Suzanne Collins concocted a series that held enough interest for the moody youths all the while pressing thought- provoking political questions; the novels, along with their film counterparts, feel timely, and most importantly, smart. Veronica Roth made a franchise of silly but entertaining (and obviously YA oriented) books more intent on action and romance instead of something deep. There's nothing wrong with that, but in the realm of film, the Divergent movies somehow feel dated. The Hunger Games films smash the box-office along with audience and critical expectations; the Divergent projects, on the other hand, limp along in comparison, looking like a crowd of Jans attempting to be one big Marcia.As much as I knew the first Divergent was manipulative formula that told me that things were more urgent than they actually were, I liked it. I liked its full-blooded action, its futuristic aromas, and most importantly, Shailene Woodley (who is on her way to becoming a major star). It wasn't great, but it didn't underestimate our intelligence, either. But months later, I couldn't remember many of the plot points: All I could recollect was a lot of running, punching, breathy kissing, brightly lit technological colors, and most importantly, Kate Winslet scowling her ass off. Insurgent suffers from the dreaded sophomore slump (not to suggest Divergent was an unmatchable masterpiece). Like its predecessor, things are kept moving at lightning speed, and we're never bored; but unlike its predecessor, the weak links in the storyline and dialogue are much more noticeable. The first time around, we were just starting to get used to this new (yet somehow familiar) dystopian world, but in Insurgent, we've adjusted ourselves, and like someone who's lived in the same house for thirty years, flaws become much more apparent than they were before.Divergent ended with leading heroine Tris Prior (Woodley) hastily escaping the murderous government after a violent confrontation that left the Divergent hating villain Jeanine Matthews (Kate Winslet) with a knife in her hand (a constant reminder, as Winslet dons a distractingly large bandage). Now in hiding with love interest Four (Theo James), her brother (Ansel Elgort), and a recent ally (Miles Teller), Tris is trying to regroup; as a rose in a sea of white daisies, she is Public Enemy #1.Meanwhile, Jeanine finds herself in the possession of an ancient box that was hidden centuries ago by the creators of the Faction system. Inside The Box (it deserves a title) is a message that will come in handy in a time of crumbling systematic function; problem is, only a Divergent has the ability to unlock it. Desperate, the government begins testing every single person who resides in the Factions, hoping to find a Divergent in the crowd who has strong enough abilities to eventually get their paws on the secret message. But because Tris is the most powerful Divergent of them all, Jeanine begins a cutthroat quest to find the woman who hurt her poor little hand.If the plot sounds slightly weak, it is. It can barely hold itself together, as it wants to find an excuse to have as many loud action sequences and uninspired bits of dialogue as it possibly can. It connects the dots with hesitation. Yet, I find myself sounding way too harsh. Yes, I laughed at much of the unintentional seriousness, and yes, the script ranges from embarrassing to bland. But I had a good time at the theater, even if much of that good time was brought unintentionally. I guess that's what counts. I'm in the wrong demographic anyway (as a movie critic, I lit up at the very sight of Watts). This is a film for young teenage girls (I went with my 14-year-old sister, after all), and if I look or act anything like a teenage girl than I sincerely apologize.Insurgent doesn't quite suck, but boy is it dull. Not dull like boring; dull like a recycled joke is. It's mildly diverting, sure, but it's also kind of lame. For most established names (ahem, Kate Winslet, Naomi Watts, Octavia Spencer), the film is merely a roadblock in an impressive career. But for rising talents like Shailene Woodley and Miles Teller, it's a challenge; to transcend middling material is a hugely difficult task. But Woodley and Teller are going to be stars; Insurgent will be the film they silently chuckle at when they win their Oscars someday.
4 On The Waterfront is truly a classic piece of film history, combining key elements of the standard gangster/mob film with the incredible acting of Marlon Brando and Eva Marie Saint. The Cab scene is an incredible portrayal of Marlon Brando's amazing acting ability and the thought and feeling that separates this film from being 'just another gangster film'.I also greatly enjoyed the rooftop scenes, as the director and actors played with the bumps and ledges in dynamic ways, with Brando looking over the lip of a roof, and people running the length of the roof, jumping up and down off the ledges and coming to a halt, eyes at another person's foot level. The rooftop added an incredible depth and intrigue to the parts of the film that were staged there, and I have never seen such well orchestrated rooftop scenes in a film.On The Waterfront is a marvel of acting and directing that really captures the skill and power of Brando's performance. While a little slow at times, it truly is an excellent film.
4 One of the most appealing things about Kevin Hart has to be his marketing team. That's not to say he isn't a great comedian; his stand up is currently second to none. Yet, for his new movie, Central Intelligence, he has taken to Facebook and Twitter with his co-star Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson and presented some outright hilarious and completely irrelevant videos, such as; Hart and Johnson conducting a one-on-one interview while doing an impression of each other. It's ludicrous but their belly laughing is very contagious. It only seems a disappointment how they don't quite manage to portray the same on screen chemistry for the movie.Hart plays Calvin Joyner, an accountant and one time high school golden boy who regrets that he never lived up to his potential. He also happened to be the only kid in school who showed any compassion toward heavily overweight, nerd Robbie Weirdicht, played by an impressively CG rendered Johnson. Twenty years on and Robbie returns to reconnect with Calvin through Facebook with a new name and a mountainous physique. What Calvin didn't account for was that behind Bob's overzealous persona lies the cunning mind of a super spy as he is dragged into a dangerous game of espionage with the CIA.One thing is for sure, Johnson does not have any natural comedic ability and this movie is certainly evident of that. Give the guy a gun and a cheesy one-liner and he's immediately likable but here, his attempts appear forced and down right awkward to watch. However, his performance reflects the considerably under-cooked script in which a lot of the material relies on the improv talents of their key actors and, to overcompensate, Hart gives it everything he's got while ultimately reducing his part to a series of shrill attacks on his bumbling costar. Think Chris Tucker and Jackie Chan in Rush Hour. Although, in that respect, Johnson isn't even given the decency of any respectable choreography to show off his more applicable talents. For a movie primarily focused on the relationship between this oddball, buddy-up, action comedy, any actual plot becomes insignificant; something about account numbers and selling secrets, basic CIA stuff. Although, it's a shame as the two actors are individually very capable of being entertaining in the right roles. This little and large team-up had a lot of potential but the whole thing just comes across as hopelessly underdeveloped. In saying that, the tag-line is nothing short of genius, 'Saving the world takes a little HART and a big JOHNSON'. Shame I can't say the same for the movie.For more news, reviews and trailers visit whatsiesays-online.com
4 Important to acknowledge at the outset that Herzog is not a young man. He's the same age as Scorsese and note how long it's been since Scorsese settled on being an illustrator, a lifetime. Herzog as recently as a few years ago was still venturing out in search.Having said that, it's hard to fathom this was made by the same man who gave us Stroszek and Fitzcarraldo. In those, the place was real. The protagonists were actual lost souls, not actors feigning. The journey was about actually going where we did to tug for transcendence.He has a female lead this time, the very first time if I'm not mistaken. He has been hobnobbing with Hollywood people for a decade, perhaps the question was put to him, perhaps he thought he had been remiss himself all this time. No matter, like so many of his characters, he gives us someone who yearns to venture outside maps, explore hazardous edges of the world.But he has everything else be conventional and streamlined this go round. Actors stay actors whether they're playing Turkish gendarmes or Druze rebels. Oriental music swells over sand dunes like you would expect from any other film. He filmed in Morocco sets standing in for the Middle East.So yes, atypical for Herzog, a letdown, not one of his high marks. Others fret in comments about Herzog not getting the trivia right, right to left writing and such. What's really the trouble for me is that it dulls the edge of dangerous discovery that set him apart. We're in the Lawrence of Arabia timeline anyway and the film is cut from that Hollywood cloth. We're always more or less safely ensconced.The film has been so gracelessly attacked in reviews however it makes me want to take a step back. All or some of this would have been obvious to him while preparing anyway, so the question is, what got him out of bed and across the ocean to make this?No answer is going to be particularly lucid I feel or avoid sounding like excuse. Maybe he couldn't resist the opportunity of going on cinematic adventure, knowing he has only a few more left. It does have the feel of those tail-end films by aging filmmakers who were past their prime but still mounting epics in the 60s.Maybe he would explain that we're seeing through the narrator's eyes, the world as Persian poem on evanescent love, arrested love as a deeper kind of love. Ridley Scott was briefly considered to direct, no doubt there would be sweeps of battle. Something he couldn't do and Herzog does, in a strange coup, is that it's a very sweet film about yearning.I would like to rest here. I wouldn't trust the film to be stating too much but for what it's worth; here's a Herzog tract that swaps feverish ego in the pursuit of futile escape from the confines of the world with a heart that submits to the world being confined thus and so and this doesn't stop it from journeying freely. Islamic poets make a big deal of this, acquiescing to be simply a vessel for luminous mystery. Maybe re-read on that Rumi than get it here.One last word. Herzog's work is done really. His journey has been vast but is coming to a close. Rather than pounce on him for a film like this, take from his legacy. Don't be a tourist of being, a sherpa of other peoples' reality. We're living in interesting times that require courageous clarity.And I write this after finding out that IMDb have decided to close down their message boards. It has been a decade for me, more for others. I'm not one for goodbyes, but maybe this one time. Something by way of farewell to people we won't be seeing each other in some time.Friends, visiting the Mausoleum of Poets in Tabriz wouldn't make you one, not visiting wouldn't stop you. There comes a day when you are called to the back door, going out, you will never be seen again. Learn how to move towards, how to move away, there's no other art. A tree is useful for someone who comes to chop it for firewood or turn it into furniture. May you come to rest in the shade of having less use for things that don't make the heart grow fond :)
4 This movie is like a lot of similar type of movies; meaning movies that aims to challenge preconceived notions of "what a lady should and should't be like". It quickly becomes banal, predictable and irritating. There's no depth of character here, because you sort of get the gist of the jokes before they're halfway delivered. Having said that; these kinds of movies can and have been saved by good performances. Unfortunately Amy Schumer doesn't deliver that. I don't know why scriptwriters and directors hit the same creative pitfalls every time a movie like this is to be made. We get it: here's an urban girl with a modern outlook on life who does what she wants, sleeps with whom she wants and doesn't apologize for it, etc etc.. good, but then what? A movie needs more than just a cliché of a character, predictable jokes and bad acting.
4 The life of the adventuress and explorer Gertrude Bell might just seem like the kind of subject that the director Werner Herzog might embrace but this stately, grandiose epic is more like something James Ivory or even David Lean might have tossed off and which, for over two hours, moves at a snail's pace. Nicole Kidman does what she can with the part of Bell but is defeated by Herzog's own ponderous script and she is surrounded by some very dull men, (Damian Lewis, James Franco and Robert Pattinson as a slightly camp Lawrence of Arabia), and despite the locations it's not even a particularly attractive looking film. If you must spend time with a queen of the desert stick with Priscilla whose adventures were a lot more fun than Gertrude's.
4 In this new comedy from the writers of "The Hangover", you can expect drugs, sex, bad language and lot of drinks. If you have watched "The Hangover" then you know what I mean, only that this time we deal with motherhood and women in crisis. There are some laughs and some sentimental (nothing too serious though), but they are not enough for making a forgettable movie. But it's an entertaining comedy and the performances are funny and not so bad as... the moms are. It's summer time and a movie like this seems ideal- I wouldn't recommended to watch it with your kids because of all that mentioned above. Motherhood is difficult but still you can have fun. nikisreviews.com
4 All look the same these films. Seen one you can possibly avoid seeing others otherwise you risk sleep- There is action, a plot rather superficial, then the actors and director seem made to mold. the first of Its kind recently was the hunger games. I still believe That young people can have fun, Although I personally would love to see movies with blackberries introspection of the characters. We Should inspire us in the West to some good movies East: China, India, Korea and Japan. if you rely only on the effect special, something is lost in filmmaking. An example are the x men, that have become all the same, which have not wanted to deepen characters intriguing benefit of those that offered more security at the box office.
4 Walking away from "Scarface", I can't shake the feeling this is an operatic comment on the American dream, by way of a gangster movie at least; that an immigrant can climb his way from societal dreg to drug kingpin and get the girl on the way. That's powerful cinematic stuff, and I can appreciate that. I guess my problem is in the execution; Pacino's cartoonish performance, the drawn-out narrative, the unbelievably overbearing score. It's got a good cast and the personnel behind the camera is accomplished, but subtlety and nuance are not its virtues. Which I guess is the point, but it gets old after a while."Scarface" has quite the influential legacy (particularly "Miami Vice" and Rockstar Games), and for that I'm grateful. But this is not for me.5/10
4 I watched the movie last night. I have not written a review for a long time but i just wanted to help out my friends here who might be misguided by all the positive reviews here. I love all Marvel movies, they are not Oscar winners but my expectation is to be entertained and the most important ingredients have beenLiterally "out of this world" action!Outstanding effectsWell placed humor ( one liners and all - Best example Thor - Ragnarok) Overall entertainmentThis movie fails on all this. Its a dragged storyline, banal dialogues e.g. a fight scene, someone seems to be hurt and the dialogues go like "Hw are youuuu" "I am good, and you" "I am good too" "Let's go". Taken straight from a "Learn English conversation in 5 minutes" Chapter IOkay special effects, nothing special,lets say 20 percent of normal Marvel extravaganzas.The story line is weak and goes round and round and round...No menacing bad guy. The potentially menacing one had a lesser role to play.Very stupid and misplaced one liners, completely out of the blues some of them. All in all; i am giving it a 4 , but it could be 5 or 6 if expectations are lowered but it is certainly not the Marvel that we know.
4 I didn't hate this movie. In fact there are scenes that are downright great, a few excellent performances, solid music and cool (if inconsistent) cinematography. Unfortunately, the plot is a complete mess.The story is, forty years in the future a mute, technologically-averse bartender searches the crime-ridden underworld of Berlin to find his missing girlfriend. Meanwhile, two criminals who perform illegal surgeries for the mob (played by Paul Rudd and Justin Theroux) wander around doing odd jobs and having meandering conversations. The film cuts back and forth from these plotlines over the course of two overlong hours and doesn't find a way to make them intersect in an interesting way until far too late.The bartender storyline is relatively straightforward, but the lead character is bland and uninteresting. You only get a few scenes between him and his girlfriend before she goes missing which aren't enough to make you care for the next 120 minutes and the rest of his screentime is spent going from location to location gathering increasingly convoluted clues. Alexander Skarsgaard, who plays the lead, isn't a bad actor but I feel like if he was replaced with someone more naturally expressive he would have been more relatable and less of a cipher. As it stands he's a generic quiet tough-guy with big puppy dog eyes who goes nuts if you disrespect someone he cares about. I've seen this character done so many times before.The second storyline has the opposite problem: Paul Rudd and Justin Theroux are fantastic playing two distinct and interesting characters, their chemistry is wonderful and their relationship nuonced, but for most of their screentime they serve no function in the story and only one of them has a real objective (Paul Rudd). He wants to get out of the city, which he is planning to do, but the movie focuses more on him talking about this than actually doing it. This subplot, while occasionally delivering a great scene or two, has no momentum and again, doesn't go anywhere until the last 20 minutes.Most of the film was just confusing. Towards the end character motivations and actions come out of nowhere and are inconsistent from scene to scene. There are a handful of twists in the last hour that are interesting but don't go anywhere or thematically add to anything. Skarsgaard can't speak so unless there's a close-up of his face scrunched in concentration or quivering in shock or sadness, I never know what he's thinking. We need a character who can help us navigate this futuristic world and we don't have it, and really, there's no need for this story to take place in the future at all. The story regularly changes what it's supposed to be about, from the meaning of love to the impact of technology, to crime, to changing gender dynamics, to family, and never really says anything interesting about any of it. It's a shame because there are moments that are genuinely beautiful and atmospheric, and I noticed myself wanting to see more of the world and the characters than what we got. If the plot came together better and the themes were more fleshed out, this could have been something really special. I like Duncan Jones as a director (Moon was awesome), but unfortunately I feel as though this could've used a few more script polishes.4/10
4 Man when I tell you it's bad....it just is....so many continuity errors, horrible acting and boring....I can't stress that it's the worst movie I EVER seen.....:::oh yea did I mention it's the worst movie I ever seen...oh yea, that that bad
4 Watched it tonight after avoiding it for the longest time. I liked the original but I found this version to be just okay. My opinion is that the writing and the jokes were lazy. In the original the characters took the job seriously and they had to work to just capture one ghost. In this one they were slaying ghosts right and left, making a mockery of the storyline. The acting was decent, given the script. But there is no overcoming the poor writing.
4 Hollywood's cash cow advantage for Halloween. The traps were meh. Too tamed compared to other saw movies. The twist at the end was awful nearly the whole movie turns out to be one big flashback. Flashbacks are starting to become an annoying cliché both in movies and TV series. It's a sequel that didn't need to be made. I recommend not bothering with this one.
4 I'd been excited about seeing THE PRESTIGE, especially as it re-teamed two of my favourite film people from BATMAN BEGINS: the usually excellent Christopher Nolan, who delivered the excellent INSOMNIA and MEMENTO, and Christian Bale, an actor who can do no wrong in my eyes. Then what a shame it is that THE PRESTIGE turns out to be nothing more than a silly, muddled science fiction film masquerading as a serious and engaging drama.It starts off on a strong footing, with interesting characters and situations, but quickly loses these in a stupid plot that jumps all over the place and never bothers making much sense. The biggest kick in the teeth, however, is the ending, which ties things up with two plot twists that are frankly awful. The first is a sci-fi staple – cloning. What place does it have in a supposedly realistic Victorian thriller? It just turns this film into a fantasy and loses audience interest. The second twist is the one that's apparent early on, and one of the classic 'tricks' much beloved by writers of murder mysteries and crime thrillers. It's also been done to death and was outdated about a century ago, but no, it's resurrected here and had me groaning, feeling cheated when it appeared.THE PRESTIGE isn't a totally bad film and there are quite a few things to recommend it. It looks fantastic, and all of the electric special effects are tremendous. It also boasts a pretty good cast, with Christian Bale delivering another outlandish performance – his Cockney accent here is quite amusing – and Michael Caine presiding over things in his usual manner. Hugh Jackman I don't particularly like as an actor, and he's at best passable here; but in comparison to the hopeless Scarlett Johansson, who struggles with her British accent, he's Laurence Olivier! There are some fun minor roles for Andy Serkis and David Bowie, the latter playing the inventor Nikola Tesla and doing a good job of it. While the magic acts and tricks are engaging when they're on screen, it's just a shame that the film becomes so implausible and cops out towards the end. THE PRESTIGE contains nothing I'll want to sit through again.
4 Somewhere on IMDb there is a discussion about the greatest director of all times (Spielberg, Copolla and others are named there). The greatest argument was around Spielberg and whether he is or isn't a great director. The problem with Spielberg is that while he is a master technician, most of his films lack depth.Saving Ryan is really outstanding from a technical point of view, but its message is dull and while its very entertaining, it doesn't make you think about anything. AN is the best movie I ever saw because it combines great shooting with a deep philosophical perspective on so many things, starting from war in general, the clash of civilizations, the condition of soldier in wartimes (is a soldier a hero or an assassin? Brando says he is neither, the french lady says he is both ...) and many others. The problem with some people is that they try to argue about whether these points are true or false. But a great movie, and a great piece of art in general is supposed to spark arguments, not to solve them ... Maybe Coppola is right, or maybe he isn't, nobody holds the truth anyway. You can watch this movie for its outer beauty, amazing scenes, great acting and memorable quotes and you will be entirely satisfied. But what really make this movie a masterpiece is its inner quality. You can't help but make a comparison with the recent Fahrenheit documentary.Both Copolla and Moore tackle similar issues, but while Copolla presents matters from an outside , objective point of view, Moore takes a very partisan position that really compromises the whole point of a documentary ... It is really a shame that a film like Fahrenheit 9/11 won a prestigious award like Cannes. But anyway, if you want to start to understand a little of the Vietnam war, the Iraq war, the second World War and any war in general, you should definitely see this movie, and not the other one ...
4 What do David Lynch, Luis Bunuel and Wes Craven have in common? They have all created far superior films about dreams on a fraction of Christopher Nolan's budget. For a film about dreams everything looks so dull and drained of color. Inception never feels surreal like a dream. It feels like ridiculous PG-13 action sequences strung together by character's explaining it's all a dream within a dream etc. When watching this film, I thought of far superior films about dreams and alternate realities, Bunuel and Dali's "Un Chien Andalou" (1929), "The Blood of a Poet" (1930), "The Wizard of Oz" (1939), Hitchcock's "Spellbound" (1946), "Meshes of the Afternoon" (1947), Dr. Sues' "5,000 Fingers of Dr. T" (1953), "Le Jetee" (1962), Fellini's "8 1/2" (1963), "Kingdom of Crooked Mirrors" (1963) Fellini's, "Juliet of the Spirits" (1966), "Who Wants to Kill Jesse" (1966), "Valerie and her Week of Wonders" (1970), "Viva La Muerte" (1970), "The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie" (1972), Tarkovsky's "Solaris" (1972), "The Hourglass Sanitorium" (1973), "Eraserhead" (1977) "Altered States" (1980), "Time Bandits" (1981), Pink Floyd's "The Wall" (1982), "Forbidden Zone" (1982) "Videodrome" (1983), "A Nightmare on Elmstreet" (1984), "Dreamscape"(1984), "Brazil" (1985), "Paperhouse" (1988), The B-movie "Beyond Dreams Door" (1989), "Santa Sangre" (1989), "Jacob's Ladder" (1990), "Kurosawa's Dreams" (1990) "Total Recall" (1990), "Naked Lunch" (1991), "Arizona Dream" (1993), John Carpenter's "In the Mouth of Madness" (1995), "12 Monkeys" (1995),"City of Lost Children" (1995), "Lost Highway" (1997), "Dark City" (1998), "The Matrix" (1999), "eXistenZ" (1999), "Being John Malkovich" (1999), "The Cell" (2000), "Waking Life" (2001), "Donnie Darko" (2001), "Muholland Drive" (2001), "Demon Lover" (2002), "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" (2004), "Strange Circus" (2005), "The Fall" (2006), "The Science of Sleep" (2006), "Pan's Labrynth" (2006), "Paprika" (2006) and the list goes on and on and on. 100's of French and Asian films; hell, even the "Nightmare on Elmstreet" sequels.In "Inception" Leonardo Dicaprio plays Dom Cobb, a dream thief who can enter people's dreams and steal top secret information. Like his character in "Shutter Island" (which had better dream sequences) Leo is obsessed with his dead wife and longs to go home to see his kids. He's given a mission by a corporate boss to enter a rival's dream and implant false information. By completing this mission, he'll be able to go home to his kids. Dom hires an architect played by Ellen Page to create false dream worlds. Then there's his agents, who are one dimensional rip offs of characters from "The Matrix" (A far more entertaining film) For a film about dreams, you'd expect a little Fruedian sex or nudity. Oh no we don't want are dreams to go beyond a mass-marketed PG-13 rating. Or how about at least abstract surrealism or stream of consciousness dialog? Instead we have all the character's taking time out to explain everything to Hans Zimmer's overblown music. In the words of Ariadne "Wait, Who's subconscious are we going through exactly?". That's odd, a shootout on skis, "James Bond" style and Look I'm floating like in "The Matrix" (Lets not get to bizarre or fun) Maybe, I'm being critical, because I'm by no means a fan of Christopher Nolan. "Momento" and "The Dark Night" were good films, but should never be mentioned in the same breath as HItchcock or Kubrick. People really anger me comparing Inception to "Blade Runner", or "2001, A Space Odyssey". Even "Avatar" had more heart and soul than "Inception". In "Avatar", I actually cared about the characters and felt like I was in a different world. In this film how am I supposed to care for rich corporate suits who want to steal secrets. How about having an Exxon executive jumping in the dreams of a BP executive? If it's all a dream within a dream within a dream of one dimensional Hollywood characters, why should the audience care? And why take 150 mins. to tell a story, when it could of been done in less than 2 hrs.?On one note, the special effects were impressive and the film did have great acting. I think this film could of been good if it was more colorful and dreamlike and maybe 45 mins. shorter. "Inception" fell cold and flat of having a heart and soul. Why do films now look gray, poo brown or washed out in color? Movies used to be so much brighter. Compare this film to "Suspiria" (1977), "What Dreams may Come" and "Edward Scissorhands" and you'll see what I mean. Spending $200 million dollars on a film that could of fed a 3rd world country for 10 years, is more of a nightmare than a dream. All that money spent and it still looks visually boring, artless and dull. As a person who practically makes minimum wage and lives off Ramen noodles, I watch sci-fi and fantasy films for an escape. Why would I care about a rich corporate rival who has a bad relationship with his father? Boo-hoo! In the end I felt like I was viewing the unimaginative dreams of Wall Street brokers. This is a film made by a room fool of people, rather than an artist with a vision. A mass marketed product like fast food, masquerading itself as nutrition. For this film to be in IMDb's top 5 is a joke; this is mediocre at best. People are saying that this is better than "The Wizard of Oz", "Pulp Fiction", "Blue Velvet" or Citizen Kane". I must be dreaming, no I kicked myself and this is for real.
4 Here's the thing about 2013's "Now You See Me," I didn't hate it but I wasn't completely wowed by it either. Mildly entertaining is how I'd describe it. It's heist caper like Ocean's Eleven but with faster sleight of hand. So to say that "Now You See Me" didn't have its amusing moments, would be a lie. But this sequel however, NOW YOU SEE ME 2, is a big giant mess.In NOW YOU SEE ME 2, the four horsemen Jesse Eisenberg, Woody Harrelson, Dave Franco, Lizzy Caplan, after a year of outwitting the FBI and winning the public's adulation with their Robin Hood-style magic spectacles, resurface for a comeback performance in hopes of exposing the unethical practices of a tech magnate. But a certain revenge plot threatens their impossible heist yet.The first film had more mystery, thriller and intrigue, so at the very least it kept you engaged, but NOW YOU SEE ME 2 resorts to cheap laughs and a build up that frankly kinda insults our intelligence. The film would like to make you believe that it's smart, it even thinks itself that way, but in its attempt to give you a seemingly intricate and elaborate trick and a big reveal, it gets lost in its own process.Isla Fisher's Henley whom I thought was a strong female character, got replaced by Lizzy Caplan's Lula who's more concerned about getting laid. For some reason, they had to present Woody Harrelson's character's identical twin brother, also played by Woody Harrelson. I think that was a poor decision on the filmmakers' part. It's bad enough that they had to resort to this annoying unlikable family member, on top of that, they couldn't just get another actor and have it be a brother, instead of identical twin?! Woody Harrelson is a great actor, but watching two of him bantering, that's the point when I stop taking this movie seriously as a piece of entertainment. This franchise says that the closer you look, the less you see. Well, if you step back a bit, you'll see the big picture that NOW YOU SEE ME 2 is not as crafty as it's cracked up to be.-- Rama's Screen --
4 I've never been a huge fan of the Saw movies but this one was arguable one of the weaker ones (in terms of overall enjoyment). The first one was great, and so was the one that preceded this very movie. In a perfect world they would've just ended it there. The greatest movies that I've seen end just like a well-written book; with unanswered questions (so that they'll stay in our mind, long after we've consumed/watched them). That's where this movie went wrong. Instead of concluding the franchise with a little bit of mystery they'll turn this into a quick cash-grab. I can already foresee a seemingly endless deluge of sequels. I mean, they've already gone this far. It's not like they'll just come to their senses all the sudden.
4 "The Leisure Seeker" (2017 release; 112 min.) brings the story of John and Ella Spencer. As the movie opens, we are told it is "Wellesley, MA, August 29, 2016", when (grown-up) son Will finds out that his elderly parents have taken off with their 1975 Winnebago van, even tough John suffers from early dementia, and Ella isn't doing great either. John and Ella want to do one more road trip, all the way down to Key West to visit Ernest Hemingway's house, a long-held dream by John. It's not long before John and Ella encounter problems, while enjoying their road trip. At this point we are 10 min. into the movie, but to tell you more of the plot would spoil your viewing experience, you'll just have to see for yourself how it all plays out.Couple of comments: this is the latest movie from Italian writer-director Paulo Rirzi, who previously brought us "Human Capital" and "Like Crazy". Here, in his first all-English language movie, he brings the 2008 best-selling book of the same name by Michael Zadoorian to the big screen. It stars Donald Sutherland (as John) and Hellen Mirren (as Ella), reunited in firm for the first time since 1990's "Bethune: The Making of a Hero". Let's be clear: both Sutherland and Mirren are wonderful, reminding me of Henry Fonda and Katharine Hepburn's tour de force in 1981's "On Golden Pond". In particular Mirren is fabulous as the caring wife having to deal with her husband's early dementia. But the movie is quite predictable (about halfway through I predicted the movie's end, and I was right). Even worse, the movie makers felt it necessary to spike the setting with not one, but several Donald Trump 2016 presidential campaign rallies (and making their personal views clear along the way). I mean, the book came out in 2008, so in essence the movie makers made this up, for no good reason at all (it doesn't advance the plot in any way). I'm no Trump fan myself, but there is a time and place for everything, and this is simply irritating and annoying. In the end, just enjoy this movie for Sutherland and Mirren. Mirren scored a Best Actress Golden Globe nomination for this, and I can't argue with that."The Leisure Seeker" premiered at last year's Venice Film Festival., and now is getting a limited US theater release. The Saturday early evening screening where I saw this at was attended quite nicely (and mostly by seniors I might add). Given the surprisingly subdued marketing campaign for this movie, I can't see this playing in theaters very long. If you are in the mood for a ho-hum movie dealing with early dementia and old age in general, with excellent performances from Donald Sutherland and Helen Mirren, I'd recommend you check this out, be it in the theater, on VOD or eventually on DVD/Blu-ray, and draw your own conclusion.
4 In Quentin Tarantino's Django Unchained, there is a scene in which Django (Jamie Fox), soon after being freed by the incredibly likable dentist turned bounty hunter, Dr. King Schultz (Christoph Waltz), shops for new clothes to wear. Schultz tells Django to pick out whatever he likes. Django looks at the smiling white man in disbelief. You're gonna let me pick out my own clothes? Django can't believe it. The following shot delivered one of the biggest laughs from the audience I watched the film with. After the white man confirms that yes, he is indeed letting the black man pick out his own clothes, we cut to a wide shot of Django riding his horse, now decked out in his very own (outlandish) cowboy outfit—an all blue with white ruffle get-up. It's a great little scene that provides humor and allows the viewer to further warm up to the two main protagonists. But it also does more than that. It's a simple scene that speaks for the whole film. It's an affirmation that this man of color is now free and able to make his own decisions. The choice he made concerning his extravagantly loud outfit acts as a warning to those that plan to stand in his way—watch out, here I come, I ain't gonna be quiet no more.And the humor the scene provides echoes the entire film—it wants us to get comfortable with our hero. Tarantino knows that a man of color makes an unconventional hero in a revenge- flick—that's why he made the film. When was the black man going to get his revenge film? It's been long overdue. With Django Unchained, that film has finally arrived and it has arrived in style. Beautifully shot, wonderfully acted, and meticulously written, it's Tarantino at his most epic.
4 *Minor spoilers involving structure of the film, no plot points*In short, it isn't nearly as bad as everyone is saying. Let me elaborate. In case people don't know, the first Sin City from 2005 was based on the 1st, 3rd and 4th books in the 7 part series by Frank Miller. These follow the story lines of Marv, Dwight and Hartigan respectively. In addition to those, there are also a few shorts thrown in, either from the books or not. So, needless to say, Sin City and its sequel are both anthology films. If you want one single story that takes 2 hours, this may not be your thing. Sin City 2 follows almost the exact same structure as the original, which I found nice. Sure they didn't do anything original with the structure, which was sort of playing it safe, but I liked it. It felt familiar and reminded me of the original which I loved very much. It begins with another short story, this time starring Marv. It rocks. It continues on with a new story not contained in any of the books. It stars Johnny, a gambler who "never loses". Mid way through, we cut to another story. This is the 2nd book, titled "A Dame to Kill For". If you've read this, you won't see anything new. Like with the first film, they essentially translated the story from page to screen, and it works for the most part. There was one detail I didn't like, but it doesn't last long. Then after that, we finish up the story with Johnny, and finally, we get to the revenge mission involving Nancy and her hunt for Senator Rourke. That's all I'll say about that. Everyone is complaining about how the movie looks like a cutscene from a video game. They are sort of right, but not entirely. Even after waiting 2 weeks, I was unable to find a theatre in my city showing the film in 2d. It seems like this is happening more and more now. If you want to see an action movie in theatres, it's 3d whether you like it or not. Now, having not seen a 2d version to make a comparison, I can say that the 3d is most likely what makes it look so video game-y. I'm sure in 2d it'll look slightly better at least. Update: I did see it in 1080p and in 2D, and it does look less like a video game cutscene. You can still tell that there's a lot of CGI, but it's done better than a lot of films. Also, greenscreen sets have been used for over a decade now, I don't see why people are complaining so much. Everything is a CGI-fest these days, and this story, with a fantastic setting and extraordinary physics pulls it off nicely. You can tell, but it's far from awful. Everyone is saying they loved the first one, but hated this one. I don't see how that's possible. They stuck very close to the original in most ways, such as cinematography, soundtrack, and directing, all of which were great (for a Sin City movie). Sure it isn't a masterpiece my any means, and it's not as good as the first, but it's super entertaining, very violent, and is sure to please anyone who enjoys the books or the first film. Forget all those jaded movie snobs saying it sucks. They're just focusing on all the negatives, and letting that cloud their vision of the awesome stuff.
4 As an art student and a lover of musicals, I was really anticipating this show. I found the first episode really empowering and interesting. I could be bias because I do favor musicals, but I truely think 'Rise' has potential to be a great show.
4 (Some spoiler free views about the movie)Insidious : Chapter 3 wasn't enough of an unnecessary addition to the Insidious franchise, so we got this one. This one does have some good elements in it, and definitely more of the bad ones. All in all, the film felt like a below average "horror" film. This film really felt underwhelming to me, and I already had very less expectations. If the franchise is to proceed further (no pun intended), they need to change the direction or reboot it. But the best thing would be to stop it right here. On my own scale, I would give it a "4.1/10" score. And on the usual A+ to F scale, it would get a "D+".(Discussion about how I personally felt about the movie)Good : What this film does good is it adds some more depth to the character of Elise. They give the back story and all, along with some "origins" of Elise. Her character moments are quite good. Some jump-scares, particularly one or two, were good ones. And ... that's it. Mixed : None of the parts were "mixed", just good or bad. Bad : The remaining of the film, just like the third one, felt more like a typical "haunted house" story, rather than an "Insidious" film. The concept of astral projection they brought in the first film has been turned into a mere plot device ever since the third one, this fourth installment clearly isn't an exception. Honestly, I feel that is the thing that made the first two films what they were. And the way "The Further" works has been quite a bit ludicrous ever since the second one, the ludicrousness increased in the third one and now in this one, everything convenient to the plot can be done in "The Further". Just like astral projection, this is just a plot device now. And nothing is explained about how the things work to stop that demon. It was just "you're watching a horror film, so anything that we do for our convenience, you should accept it, no matter we build it or not" sort of bullshit. The jokes that the two "sidekicks" of Elise crack were CRINGE-WORTHY. Just some perverted moments time and again, some unnecessary bullshit, most of the comedic parts feel out of place and did not match the tone of the film. And even though the jokes and all that stupid stuff felt out of place, this film felt like a comedy more than horror. Speaking of horror, it just had jump-scares, none of which made a real sense. Remove them, nothing is "horror". Also, some predictable and obvious "Insidious" twists at some places, which no longer feel appealing. Also, "The Last Key" ..... I am still wondering what was so special about the key, except for Elise giving the demon the last key. It was just a demon who manipulated Elise's father and had fingers made up of keys which served some vague purpose not explained in the movie. The demon when appears in some jump-scares, it scares (at least). But when it really shows up, nothing is speacial about it. So, where's the horror? Scaring and terrifying are different things, and for a good horror film, most of us prefer the terrifying stuffs. The presence of demon serves no purpose? And he's the only demon?!! And how is that blowing a whistle calls Elise's mother to rescue her and a single kick kills the demon? (If only it had some purpose and some story added to the part of the demon like in the first two, it might have worked.) Also, what's with her Elise's dad's spirit dying in "The Further"? There are many such questions unanswered by the film and this is not obviously an "Inception-themed" or "Memento-themed" movie, this was just an incomprehensible mess of a movie. Then, there's a scene of Elise opening the boxes to realize the killings her father committed, where we were teased of jump-scares, and we didn't get a jump-scare at the first time, and after a couple of stupid teasings we get a jump-scare. And if the makers thought we won't be able to predict what they were doing in this scene, they're fools. See? A scene committed to an unnecessary jump-scare, but nothing done to give some actual horror. Doesn't that prove that horror film makers don't know what horror is? And where's that man dressed as bride in a black dress trying to kill Elise, which was supposed to follow her every time she went into "The Further"? The film ties up with the events of the first one, which clearly creates some plot holes as the entire film was about astral projection but the way this film ties it up shows as if it was something similar to this film, making this more of a nonsense. In fact, the best part of this film is that it had some scenes from the first Insidious film, which reminded me how good the first two were. Rest of all, unnecessary crap.
4 Cary Elwes and Robyn Wright in a fantasy story of epic proportions, how can you improve on that? Even with Peter Falk as the Narrator being interrupted by his grandson Fred Savage just seem to fit and rather than distract from an epic movie it just enhances the viewers experience.The Princess Bride is a fantasy romantic adventure movie with just the right blend of comedy, action, adventure and romance to suit everyone's taste.I love Andre the Giant as the Brute, Fezzik. Mandy Patinkin as Inigo Montoya will forever be to me the perfect model of a Spanish duelist.His line from the move is almost as famous as the movie itself. "My name is Inigo Montoya! You killed my father! Prepare to die!"And the fight scene between Inigo Montoya and the Man in Black is truly epic while still being tongue in the cheek.This is a movie nobody should ever try to remake, just watch the original and fall in love with it as you do the characters.
4 . . .for a better show.This show is an example of al la carte television. There is nothing original and it simply is put together from pieces of other shows with King of Queens being the foundation.They took King of Queens and made almost the same pilot from All in the Family with touch of Coach. The boyfriend character is almost a carbon copy as Stuart from Coach.The plot itself of the pilot played out like your typical laugh- track comedy, and it ended like an episode of Home Improvement.There were some funny lines, only those delivered by Kevin James. The oldest girl seemed to be the only one to hold her own with Kevin's humor. The woman that plays his wife is awful. Her acting reminds me of Isabel Sanford from The Jeffersons. She delivers lines like a high school play.
4 Went to see the Oldboy remake last night, although a more apt name would have been "How to solve all your problems with Apple products".Product placement was horrific. He just gets out, doesn't know technology so the female lead was like "ohh we find stuff out on this device called a mac book, let me show you the inner workings of it. Are you getting all this camera and folks at home??" He remembers the restaurant he ate at had a Dragon in the title "Oh we can just use this app here on my iPhone to find all the restaurants in the area with Dragon in it. Are you getting this camera while I go on apple maps and scroll down the list" *camera is over their shoulder showing everything* He knows that song that keeps playing but can't remember where it's from "oh there's an app that lets you play a song and it tells you what it is. Here let me show you and the people at home how to find it on your iphone" *literally holding the phone up to the camera* EVERYTHING they needed to find out, they either ran to a Mac or used their iPhones. Not to mention the 8000 phone calls made each with a lingering shot so you first get the apple on the back and then see the caller picture ID picture then a shot of them swiping to answer it. I honestly half expected him to be swinging a Mac around instead of a hammer in the hallway scene.And Sharlto Copley was just dreadful as the guy who set it all up. Totally hammed it up. His British accent didn't sound cockney like Dick van Dyke but it was as over the top and bad. It was just a sh!t, hugely inferior, dumbed down remake. Meh.
4 I side with those who have criticized this film as being exceptionally poor by Hitchcock standards. While Psycho, North By Northwest, Suspicion, Dial M For Murder, et al, employed the virtues of logic and rationality coupled with Hitch's normal dose of high suspense, this film fails in nearly every way to convey the seeds of reality. Thus I couldn't appreciate whatever suspense it tried to conjure. The whole storyline seemed flooded with improbabilities, illogical sequences, flawed reasoning, and implausible character acts & emotions. It's hard to imagine that Hitchcock was responsible for this film, or that James Stewart, Kim Novak, and Barbara Bel Geddes agreed to act in it. Just for starters, why in the world would a spouse cook up a scheme this ultra-elaborate & complicated to do away with his wife? Wouldn't arsenic or an auto accident be simpler to arrange? And why would he decide to frame one of his closest friends, anyway? How could the dead wife be toted up that long spiral stairs at the bell tower by a man in his sixties? And would he really allow for the risk of being detected while making that long climb up? How could Madeline (Judy)adore a man she was also setting up as a patsy? Why would she stay around after the murder and risk being identified as an accomplice, as indeed she finally was? Why would she allow easygoing Scottie to coerce her into wearing all those new clothes and unraveling her disguise after seeing that he was suspicious? For that matter, why would she permit herself to be prodded into climbing the belltower stairs once she realized he was on to her? Her resistance seemed token. Maybe there are explanations for these and 100 other things I didn't understand, but together they ruined the film for me.
4 When a film opens with the above note, referring to Chaplin's dual role, but also a cheeky dig at the fact that Hynkel is a not-at-all disguised parody of Hitler, you know exactly what you're in for. This two-hour long lambasting of the Nazi regime may not be subtle, but by God Chaplin knew how to rip the p***.If rumours are to be believed, Hitler had him placed at the top of his death list after this film's release – now that's street cred. We first see Adenoid Hynkel addressing the German (Tomanian) nation, giving a speech that involves much arm-saluting, nonsense English that makes use of the phrase "sour kraut" and his more embittered rages descending into coughing fits. "His excellency has just referred to the Jewish people", informs an announcer after a rage-filled moment that causes microphones to bend and quiver in fear. His first German-language dictates to his minister of war (Herring) involve "banana" and "cheeseuncrackerz". Look out too for instructions to his Minister of Interiors, Garbitsch.I've never really gotten into Charlie (always credited as Charles) Chaplin, as I find his innocent sentimentality a little hard to get to grips with in today's society. W.C.Fields, and, to an extent, Harold Lloyd and Laurel & Hardy can still entertain, as they have something of the attitude, or edge, that Chaplin lacks. Ironically, it's modern times that mean we now find it hard to fully appreciate Modern Times. However, dialogue and a harsher undercurrent – including a Jewish barber (Chaplin, again) being hung from a lamppost mean that even today The Great Dictator is relevant.There are some nice silly jokes, such as the barber, confronted by a Stormtrooper, being told: "and I thought you were an Arian". "Well, I'm a veget – arian", replies Chaplin, trying to fit in. Many jokes – such as Hynkel making a long speech and his secretary typing up just a couple of words; then saying just a couple of words only for her to translate it into paragraphs – were originated here and have been repeated countless times in other places. Some of the most amusing slapstick is when Hynkel meets fellow dictator Mussolini (Napaloni), and tries to impress him by having the greater psychological perspective in all their meetings. In a gag much honoured by Bugs Bunny, the two crank themselves up to ever-greater heights on barber's chairs.Elsewhere, the film also has a grand scale, with ceilings on sets and news reports propelling the narrative – you know, the sort of thing Citizen Kane was so highly praised for the following year. If there's a fault with this film then it's not so much with the sentimental, whiter-than-white Jewish population, but with Chaplin's interpretation of Hynkel. Although he gets all the best jokes and scenes, he's simply too likable to really convey the threat Chaplin was trying to stop. Nevertheless, this is forgotten as the ending gives us the Jewish barber taking Hynkel's place, and Chaplin making an impassioned, three-minute speech in the name of freedom.Charles Chaplin played two roles in this movie, wrote, directed, produced and, uncredited, composed original music for it. To claim it changed the world is an overstatement. America still had a good opinion of Hitler at the time, and, after it was released... they still had a good opinion of Hitler. It was still some time before they would even enter the second world war, and with the final speech being adopted for Communist pamphlets in England, this only caused Chaplin troubles when it came to the McCarthy witch trials. There's a sense that Chaplin isn't the master in the field of talkies, and that his use of mime was beginning to date. History was overtaking him, but The Great Dictator still stands as one of the most personal, and risk-taking films ever put on celluloid.Postscript, April 2012: I've since watched all of Chaplin's features and every short. So, I was talking rubbish when I said twelve years ago that he didn't have modern appeal. Sorry about that. However, I stand by most of the review, even if "Chaplin on Hitler's death list" is a "fact" I've only read in Trivial Pursuits. Oh, look out for the documentary that's included on the DVD - "The Tramp and the Dictator" - well worth seeing, as well as Chaplin's extensive thoughts on this film and its aftermath in his 1964 autobiography.
4 Wildling was never destined to be a 'classic.' Which film about werewolves are ('American Werewolf in London' not included)? However, just because it's never going to win Oscars, doesn't mean that it can't be fun. Canadian werewolf movie 'Gingersnaps' proved that you can make a movie about monsters with teenagers and heart (something that the 'Twilight' franchise never achieved in its entire saga!). It's pretty impossible to mention 'Wildling' without talking about the - far superior - 'Gingersnaps' as they do hit quite a few of the same beats. I'll do my best not to dwell on the similarities further, apart from saying that 'Gingersnaps' is infinitely better (the original 'Gingersnaps' that is - nuff said about the sequels!).The film begins with a little girl who 'lives' with her 'Daddy' (Brad Dourif). I use the quotation marks because her 'Daddy' keeps her locked up 'for her own protection' and tells her that she can never leave because the wildlings will get her and only Daddy is strong enough to survive out there. This section lasts for about the first quarter of an hour and is actually probably the best part of the movie (mainly because it's the part where Dourif has the most screen time). It's truly chilling because we don't really know what's going on in the world and the air of confusion adds to the truly chilling atmosphere.However, it's kind of downhill from then on. It descends into a - sort of - teen drama with a few kills and monsters, plus the obligatory romance. You also have Liv Tyler in there (who I haven't seen on screen for quite some time). I've always thought she was a pretty competent actress, but she really does seem to be phoning it in for this one as she attempts to shield/shepherd the - now teenage - girl.If you really like horror films, or werewolves in general and you stumble on this film on some sort of free streaming online platform, then why not have it on in the background. There's not much gore and not much point to it either.
4 Dead Poets Society is hands down one of the most powerful and upfliting movies that I have seen-and trust me I have seen many powerful movies. This is one of Robin Williams finest performances-I do believe he should have been at least nominated for best actor and either the guy who plays Neil or Ethan Hawk should have been nominated for best supporting actor.The frindships that are forged in the school are genuine and believable and the people are those that you can relate to. I myself can relate to Todd, shy and a bit insecure of who he is. John Keating-played by Robin Williams-is a teacher who believes in more then just teaching about whats in the books, he believes in teaching about *life* and seazing the day. This movie shows how important it is to live each day to your fullest and to follow your dreams. I have seen many powerful films, and Dead Poets Society is one of the most powerful films I have ever seen. It captures the essance of what a film should to do a person. It shows a different view of life and makes you question things. It brings tears in your eyes as well as laughter. Even though I get emotional during films very rarly do I cry in them, but I did cry during the end of the movie with what happened to Neil and Keating. The ending to this day had a powerful effect on me and not many movies has an effect on you to the point where you get emotional and uplifted just thinking about the movie. It is a movie where you would watch many times and each time find something new with it. It is by far one of the most amazing and uplifting movie experiences that I have ever had.
4 A 4 is probably generous. I'm getting sick of the Elysium genre and this is the same thing with the exception of some vivid dreams. The elites have sequestered themselves on the same planet this time. The plot is the elites can and do openly mind control everyone and segregate the population the way they think it should be separated, but some special people can't be mind controlled and have to be dealt with, by violence of course. Suffice it to say it gets weird. I mean weird. Goofy. Nonsensical. Unbelievable. All accurate descriptions of this out of control mess. I didn't see the first one, and now probably won't because I already want this 2 hours back.
4 I would never say that I hate anime, but I am usually bored and confused by it. So much anime acts thoughtful and deep, but ends up being fairly shallow and simple (see: Neon Genesis and Death Note). Miyazaki has always been a person I could turn to for anime that is both fun AND thought-provoking. Please understand that I am as surprised as you are when I say that I really didn't like this movie.Now, I don't hate Mononoke. I enjoyed the spectacle, and I recognize that it is very well-made. The story is competently told and the setting is interesting.My problem is with the characters. No one in Mononoke acts like a human being. The prince is a perfect angel who isn't affected by human emotions like fear and greed. He is utterly flawless and boring. I mean sure, he's been cursed, but it doesn't really seem to do much to him. In fact, it only appears to make him stronger. What's he complaining about?The women of Irontown are the most hateful people I could possibly imagine. After the attack, one of them joked, "If you hadn't been there, we'd all have to find ourselves new husbands." That's really funny, except to all of the women whose husbands are actually DEAD. What sort of callous, spiteful monster would say something like that? And worse, who would laugh at such an inappropriate joke? That same lady's husband was pushed off a cliff, almost died, and struggled for days to return home to his wife. When he finally makes it back home, what does she do? He calls him a dumbass and berates him in front of everyone. "I wish the wolves had eaten you! Then maybe I could've found a real husband." What a heartless bitch! There is no sense of love or camaraderie from anyone. I don't believe that these two have ever actually loved each other.I could understand this if the animals were portrayed sympathetically. They are not. All of the animals are rather dickish about eating and destroying everything in their path. The people of Irontown are only trying to defend themselves and they are made out to be the villains. Sure, they're destroying the forest, but it doesn't appear like the rest of the world is all that bad; just this place.In fact, the only person in the movie who I actually liked was Lady Obashi, the evil gun-toting power-hungry psychopath. Sure, she wanted to rule the world, but she felt like a human being. She was kind to the lepers, took pity on the whores and gave them all new and rewarding jobs. She loved her people and wanted to protect them. But she's supposed to be the villain? I don't buy it.And what about the pig? I understand that the first pig turned into a demon because he was filled with rage, but what about the old pig? The last thing he felt was hope that all of his warriors were still alive. Why did he become a demon when he wasn't full of hate? For that matter, all of the other animals WERE full of hate. All of the wolves, the monkeys, and most of the pigs were hateful, vengeful bastards. Why didn't they turn into demons? It doesn't make any sense.Perhaps the depth of this movie has been lost on me. Perhaps Miyazaki is trying to say that war can make a monster out of anyone, no matter how noble his cause. I suppose that would make for an interesting film, but I don't feel like that's what Miyazaki was trying to say. As it currently stands, I think that this is Miyazaki's weakest film.
4 Before I saw this film I didn't really expect to much from it, although my friend advised otherwise. Due to this request from my friend I decided I was really going to watch this film. The minute I sat down to view the film I was absolutely blown away. From the credits I was falling of my seat; I just couldn't contain myself. The film is about Hitler in all the glory of comedy. Hynkel is the absolute double for the Jewish Barber, who comes back from fighting in the war. Due to the heroics of the barber, he manages to save one of the germans and by doing that gets a member of the enemy on board, which helps in the struggle which the jews had. But things went wrong and Stolz was arrested, but only then to escape to the confines of the Jewish surburb, 'The Ghetto'. Due to this escape, the german army began searching which meant that the Barber and Stolz got arrested but again they escaped, only to be mistaken for hynkel and consequently takes his poistion. *****THE SPEECH THAT CHAPLIN MAKES AT THE END IS FANTASTIC, IT COMPLIES THE MORALS WHICH SOCIETY COULD ONLY DREAM ABOUT. IN THE SPEECH IT CONTRADICTS THE WHOLE MEANING OF THE FILM BECAUSE OF THE SERIOUNESS AND SINCERENITY WHICH IT ENTAILED, AND IT DEFINATELY WORKS, BECAUSE I DID WALK OUT FEELING GUILTY ABOUT HOW WE LIVE OUR LIVES, LOOKING AT THE SMALLEST THING SUCH AS BEING IGNORANT TO SOMEONE TO THE BIGGEST, MOST PROMINENT THINGS SUCH AS WAR.
4 10x10 is a by the numbers (pun intended) mystery thriller starring Luke Evans and Kelly Reilly in principle roles as a kidnapper (Lewis) and his victim (Cathy). The movie starts of interestingly if unrealistically enough when Cathy is kidnapped in broad daylight in front of a shopping mall. From there onwards what ensues is supposed to be a cat and mouse game between the two with the kidnappers motive becoming explained as well as the fact that Cathy is not an innocent victim in the story. The relatively good aspects of the film are the acting by the two main characters and the nice house in which most of the movie takes place. The poor aspects of the movie are the increasingly weak story and the fact that Cathy has 3-4 excellent chances to overpower Lewis and subdue him and yet she gets recaptured every time. When the explanation is finally offered for the whole mess, the movie becomes even less believable as Cathy is actually a murderer who killed Lewis's wife and other patients in a hospital where she worked as a nurse. So this supposed Angel Of Death who had numerous chances to escape and/or kill her kidnapper allowed herself to be captured a number of times. It just doesn't add up. Overall a poor thriller that could have been better if care was taken to develop the characters and make their actions more believable.
4 Sin City:A Dame To Kill For is a terrific,visually stunning,thrilling and entertaining sequel that combines fantastic direction,a great cast,a fine script and a memorable score. And while Sin City 2 isn't as a good as the original,it's a wonderful sequel that works as a memorable follow-up.Set before and after the events and stories in the first film,Sin City:A Dame To Kill For gives viewers four more thrilling and intense tales of Sin City.The original Sin City was a brilliant,unforgettable and groundbreaking Comic Book film and is one of my all-time favorite movies and seemed like a film that would get a sequel. After nine years comes the sequel Sin City:A Dame To Kill For and was it worth the wait? Yes it was because Sin City:A Dame To Kill For is a fantastic sequel that is an absolute blast from start to finish because whether it's the first film or Frank Miller's Graphic Novels I love the world of Sin City and with Sin City it was fun to return to the dark,Black and White Noirish world of Sin City and if you're a fan of the first film or Miller's book you will enjoy this worthy sequel to the first film. Co-directors Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller have given viewers a stylish sequel that right from the beginning gives viewers the same energy and thrills that made the first movie work in the first place and the whole time you're watching the film you can't take your eyes off of it. The movie works as a sequel and prequel combining two stories from Frank Miller's books(A Dame To Kill For and Just Another Saturday Night)and new stories written for the film(The Long,Bad Night and Nancy's Last Dance)where each story interconnects with one another. Sin City 2 also shows viewers that while this is still a sequel nothing has changed in Sin City,the Antiheroes are still tough and the bad guys are more vicious with violence all around and blood splattered with every functioning in a stylized Film Noir world that is amoral and dark with hard boiled attitudes. The Black and White photography is stunning and beautiful because while the audience see horrific things on the screen you can't look away because the movie is amazing to look at. In Sin City 2 we also see some of the known and familiar characters and faces from the first film such as Marv,Dwight,Hartigan,Nancy and others we also see new characters such as Ava Lord and Johnny with both characters who are fascinating and memorable. The Action and violence in SC2 is vicious and at times harsh and brutal matching the first movie and none of the violence is toned down or cut although SC2 isn't as gory as the first movie. The screenplay by Frank Miller is good and memorable giving the characters dialog and moments that is straight out of Film Noir although some the dialog lacks the creative style of the Graphic Novels. If there is one problem I have with SC2 it's the length of the movie which is 1 hour and 42 minutes. Where as the first film was 2 hours and 4 minutes,SC2 is much shorter and while 1 hour and 42 minutes isn't bad I would have loved for the movie to be ten to twenty minutes longer because with the exception of A Dame To Kill For(which is almost 50 minutes and is the longest and best segment)the other two of the four tales The Long,Bad Night and Nancy's Last Dance while wonderful and compelling are too short,rushed and feel like they both should have been longer at 30-35 minutes like the stories in the first film. I hope someday Robert Rodriguez releases a director's or extended cut because even though the movie is fine the way it is I wanted more. The ending of Sin City:A Dame To Kill For is fine in my opinion even though the ending will upset and divide some viewers as some will think the ending is anti-climatic and will interfere with the continuity of the first film but I think it works because of the story and tone of the Sin City universe. A good ending for this entertaining film.The cast is great. Mickey Rourke is excellent once again as Marv,with Rourke being charismatic and cool every time he's on screen. Josh Brolin is terrific as Dwight,with Brolin bringing an intensity to the role. Jessica Alba is amazing,sexy and at her best as Nancy,with Alba bringing an emotional depth to the role. Bruce Willis is great as Hartigan Joseph Gordon-Levitt is fantastic and memorable as Johnny,a cocky gambler. Eva Green is outstanding and beautiful as Ava Lord,the classic Femme Fatale and Dwight's ex-girlfriend. Powers Boothe sensational and menacing as Senator Roark,with Boothe commanding every scene he's in. Rosario Dawson is sexy and memorable once again as Gail,Dwight ex-girlfriend. Dennis Haybert(replacing the late Michael Clarke Duncan)is good as Manute,Ava's bodyguard. Christopher Meloni(Mort),Jeremy Piven(Bob),Jamie Chung(Miho),Ray Liotta(Joey),Stacy Keach(Vallenquist),Christopher Lloyd(Kroenig),Julia Garner(Marcie),Juno Temple(Sally),Marton Csokas(Damian Lord),Jude Ciccoella(Lt. Lebowitz),Jamie King(Goldie/Wendy)and Lady Gaga(Bertha)give good performances as well. The direction by Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller is wonderful and stylish with Rodriguez and Miller always moving the camera and giving the movie and fine pace and look. Great direction,Rodriguez and Miller.The score by Robert Rodriguez is memorable and filled with energy like in the original. Good score,Rodriguez.In final word,if you loved the first Sin City,the graphic novels,Robert Rodriguez or Frank Miller,I highly suggest you see Sin City:A Dame To Kill For,a terrific and entertaining sequel that is not as good as the original but still a worthy and memorable follow to the first film. Highly Recommended. 9.5/10.
4 This show has less of a Glee vibe and more of a Friday Night Lights vibe which I love! It's not a musical per say, it's about a musical theater program. It's a show about musicals. Give it a chance. The characters are interesting, the acting is impressive and it's not a comedy or off the wall like Glee or HSM. It has a more realistic look at the life of the working class and it shows the real flaws in the American school system.
4 I went into this knowing nothing about the movie beyond the poster and maybe the logline. Based on that, I was expecting it to be a comedy that either tried too hard to be funny and had no story or would consist of LCD (lowest common denominator) jokes that have been overused in a bunch of comedies already. I was not expecting to actually laugh at anything, and both of my friends that I saw it with had similarly low expectations, but thankfully we were all proven wrong. "Blockers" essentially combines the premise of "American Pie" with the style of "Superbad" and fits it well into a modern high school context. It's something we've seen a bunch of times before in high school movies: the kids want to have sex and the parents do their best to "block" them. Hardly a new premise, but the movie does a great job creating some original, character-driven jokes that do a good job making light of how parents-teenager dynamics work in a modern context. There are a lot of elements and jokes that center around emoji language and texting conventions, and they are executed in a way that actually feels realistic instead of just getting thrown in haphazardly to try to appeal to younger audiences. There are a lot of good one-liners along with some visual comedy that adds a good variety. Even though I was sort of expecting some over-the-top situational comedy, there were several scenes that had surprising reversals in them. There were some attempts at a couple of light themes to give the movie heart. On an emotional level, the parents are all trying to connect with their kids, and while it was good that the movie tried to make itself more than a raunchy comedy, this theme was handled in a fairly standard and even cliched way. There was also a little bit of a social statement about how people in general and parents especially view girls losing their virginity as this kind of horrific loss of innocence whereas it's not as big of a deal for boys. It wasn't really a theme so much as an argument that a couple of characters made. For spoiler reasons, I won't go into detail, but the movie is careful not to take a definite stance on whether teenagers having sex is okay. The characters are not totally original, but most of them are fun to watch. The three girls are all fairly different. I didn't totally buy that they were close friends, but they at least had a good contrast of personalities and were distinct. The only real problem that I had with the teenager characters was the portrayal of Sam as a lesbian. She wasn't a bad character, but the way they handled her being a lesbian just felt obsolete; not exactly offensive but it didn't feel very socially conscious. The parents are given more attention and definitely generate more laughs as they try and fail to control their kids. All of them are given a good amount of attention and provide a lot of laughs for the audience with none really out-shining the others. I would somewhat recommend this. It won't be the funniest movie you've ever seen, but the audience in my theater was laughing throughout the movie. It's nothing revolutionary or new, but it can make for a good study break with some friends if you're in the mood. Overall Rating: 7.2/10.
4 This is just one person's opinion. No need to get angry, in fact I'd like you to convince me I'm wrong.The movie is missing the magic. Edward appeared on screen and I swooned. He opened his mouth and I cringed. Edward is strong and confident. He wasn't a whiney, smitten child. In love yes, but brooding and in pain. Bella was delicate, not just dry and indifferent. This Bella lacked emotion maybe even a soul-who is she? She didn't feel like the yearning, thoughtful Bella I had imagined. I wished she needed to be protected. This version can take care of her own business--and I'm not sure how bad she wants to be with Edward, or why for that matter. Maybe if she narrated her emotions would have been more pronounced. Don't get me wrong, the actors' chemistry is very evident, they should get married and have melodramatic children. But was the film from Bella's perspective or not? The changing pov was off-putting. This film proves that Meyer's pages and pages are what bring this story and Edward and Bella's love to life.The TONE was completely lost in the book to script to screen translation. The story is supposed to be a song that takes you to another world, one where vampires and werewolves exist. The story is an intoxicating melody. Here we're presented with a boy-band pop song sung by kids who think of themselves as classically trained Opera singers. PICK ONE. Be a chart-topping, America's Top 40 or be the haunting, dangerous lullaby I think a lot of fans were looking for.Speaking of boy band...the screen version of Jacob Black is one "Bye Bye Bye" from being the lead singer in Over-Produced-Axe-Wearing-Guy-Group 2008. Jacob, in my mind, is earthy. He's a guy's guy and gets his hands dirty fixing cars and building stuff. Jacob always left me feeling like he was wise beyond his years, a smitten kitten of course, but I always felt that he was more dynamic than this cute little wig-wearing version. I always felt this sense of history and quiet power. This version wears Abercrombie (and randomly appears from behind trees apparently...you'll see).The cast was quite OK for me. I did feel bad watching them try to deliver the lines they were given. I get that this is a vampire-romance movie, but honestly. The script is dripping in gooey, sticky, melted, mixed cheeses. OK, so it's fantastical, but to slap me in the face with Gouda and Brie every other frame is just insulting. Cheese aside, Charlie was great. His timing was spot on. Carlisle played the part, but the caked-on white makeup so completely distracting. Esme-- I wanted to crawl up onto her lap and have her tell me bedtime stories. Love it. Alice... that's her on that screen. A little bouncier and she's perfect. Jasper-- freakishly creepy and pained, loved it. When he comes out of his shell and plays more than the wide-eyed silent sidekick, I'm all over it. Those who doubted Reed need to reconsider. Rosalie is freaking hot and one sassy vamp. Emmett...holy crap, on the money (call me). Jessica is the best casting job in life...Mike, however...really?I know that this is just a movie. Film is a different medium than books. We get to create the world from a book but people get to interpret for us on screen, I know. I just wish it wasn't so far off base for me. I wanted nothing more than to enjoy it. I think I'm going to remember the series the way I imagined it and set this version aside. My oil canvas painting to their Polaroid. Who's melodramatic now? This girl.Here's hopping they make a choice for the next one: teen scene or dark love story so audiences know what they're getting into. Teenie Boppers are quite loyal, perhaps bubblegum will beef up their box office.
4 It's not the worst horror flick I've seen but its one of the SLOWEST! with this being a prequel, it should have narrowed down the plot to being about Elise and her childhood and not about trying to piece every single movie( all the other movies) plot together. It made it confusing and it wasn't as scary as the previous movies. On a good note, it manages to explain Elise's gift. If you're a fan of the trilogy watch it only because it explains the beginnings, I guess
4 Okay, I've read the reviews too.. My main complaint is that the writers seem to never have read any of the comics. Apparently unfamiliar with what the title "Super" refers to, they put an otherwise promising character into the most absurd situations. Supergirl is very nearly as strong as Superman, yes, but she is also just s fast. That means super- speed. Does "faster than a speeding bullet" ring a a bell? I watched as Suppergirl just stood by and watched a switch thrown in this last episode, the one used to activate the killing weapon. Just stood there as if she couldn't move. This is just bad writing, you writers. Super- speed, get it? She could have been there before that switch was thrown easily. Think of how the Kryptonians moved in "Man of Steel," or "Smallville." That's how Supergirl should move. Her reflexes match that. It's almost impossible to take any Earth-resident Kryptonian by surprise. So get with it. There are other plot devices which would be infinitely more interesting if writers just dealt with the character's powers instead of hobbling her this way. And, yes, this is written immaturely and unprofessionally. You don't have to write down to kids in the audience. They appreciate the mote intelligent story lines, so give it to 'em and save everybody the pain of watching these episodes.
4 The problem with trying to do a straight-faced homage to the Jack Hill/Pam Grier movies of the 70s (most notably Coffy and Foxy Brown) where a lady could have an exuberant name, take on the bad dudes by herself and have a funky soundtrack to accompany her actions is that a) those movies were either trying to not take themselves too seriously, unlike Proud Mary that thinks it's a legit dramatic/tragic effort, and b) you need a collaboration that works on all three fronts - powerful leading lady AND a decent script AND a director who knows what he/she is doing. This only has one of those in Taraji P Henson, who is not only game for this kind of movie but has done the training necessary for a character who kills a lot of people with guns and some fight choreography. She and a couple other actors are left floundering (notice I only said a few, and that's being kind) by a director who is the opposite of talented.I'm too lazy to look up who wrote this both half-baked and simultaneously over-cooked story of a mob assassin who kills the father of a boy, turning him an orphan (I can hear Black Dynamite, a character this world really needs now more than ever, yell now "NOT THE ORPHANS! THEY HAVE NO PARENTS!") and then she looks after him a full year later once the boy has, uh, fallen under the dominance of a Russian mobster so then mob-war ensues that's kind of her fault in a lot of ways... but the director? Oh, Babak Najafi had only been on my radar due to a delayed viewing of the sequel London Has Fallen, and in part because some - not all but some - of that had some inspired insanity. It appears though when he doesn't have everything handed over to him the hack in him comes out ten-fold, and the worst part is the dull sensation that washes over you as you slump further in the chair taking in what should or could be a deliciously trashy (or, hell, a legitimately *good*) vehicle for Henson.Instead we get a vision that doesn't have any vision, as Najafi edits like he's worried we'll lose interest so it's rapid even when the more boring conversations are happening (sometimes with a rather one-note Danny Glover as Mary's boss, who I hadn't seen in a while but could tell a ton of this was ADR'd, badly), and the adverse inevitably happens and interest gets deflated very quickly. Maybe he knows there's not much here, a script that sorely needed some work to liven it up or to make it less of a pseudo uh black Batman origin story in the guise of a female action flick. He leaves his actors for themselves too to do what they can, and how one can tell is that everything with Henson and the boy Danny (Winston) is markedly more natural and emotional than everything else (ie Billy Brown as Tom, who is mostly a wooden presence). Even given some cool looking locations in the Boston city area, a change of pace from the usual Louisiana landscapes for these cheap genre fare, is given the short shrift with his shooting and editing.I know it sounds like I'm going after a flmmaker for a product that doesn't mean much and should just be enjoyed as dumb popcorn fare, but that's precisely the point. Take Henson out of this (Glover could be optional either way) and this is some direct to video piece of drek that isn't enjoyable as schlock until the final ten minutes when the title track comes up and we see lots of insane bullets and cars and people getting killed happen. No one wants to really be here aside from the two leads, and that makes it all the more painful. I'm sorry, but for all of the support I want to give Henson, she needs people around her that actually care about what they are doing (again, for as silly as Hill/Grier projects of the 70's, there was some attention to craft going on) and can give her something that rises above mediocrity. That actually makes it worse, since the marketing and even the opening credits give the impression of a decent homage. It's a conflicting emotion one is left with: on the one hand, you want something like this to have some success so she can get more roles like this or has more opportunities to expand what she can do (Empire won't be on the air forever, and as solid as she is in Hidden Figures it's not all she's capable of). On the other hand, if this movie tanking means that Najafi is a little closer to being run out of Hollywood to go back to directing the Iranian direct-to-video crap he was doing before, that's fine too. So... ugh.
4 I was looking forward to this movie, having already seen both Anthropoid and (a long time ago) Operation Daybreak and with the knowledge that a contemporary of mine from my old university college had co-written the script. However, this movie didn't really know what it wanted to be: a study of the motivations that made Reinhard Heydrich the monster he was?; an account of the plotting and execution of his assassination?; or his role in masterminding the Final Solution?It's a shame because the latter two things have already been well covered in movies and TV plays. Operation Daybreak and Anthropoid are essentially the same movie, although Anthropoid's casting of Cillian Murphy was a mistake because he is so distractingly good looking (I'd shag him and I'm not even gay!) that you are sitting there thinking "This really hot guy is supposed to be on an undercover mission? Maybe in a Bond movie!" So we already know enough about the daring mission and the reprisals. And then there was a very good account of the process of the Wannsee Conference that was done for the telly (with Kenneth Branagh playing Heydrich this time); this show prompted me to visit Haus am Wannsee on my last visit to Berlin, which was a very moving experience for me.But the real opportunity here was to really get under Heydrich's skin and find out what made him tick. Some of what made him tick was alluded to in the first part of the movie but because of the restrictions of the two-hour length and the decision to, effectively, make this two movies in one we don't really get many answers. OK, we kind of get his wife sort of got him involved in the Nazi thing, but how did he get to be so powerful? I'm not buying that it was just because he could see how to run a chicken farm better than Himmler. More important, how did he become so brutal and unfeeling? These questions aren't really answered.So, it's a missed opportunity because it tries to cover too much in too little time. Maybe the director and writers ought to have taken a look at the TV miniseries about Albert Speer from the early 1980s that starred Rutger Hauer. There was another opportunist (although, rather strangely, one whom history seems to have been kinder to even though he was responsible for working people to death in munitions factories) and you get some idea why he became so attracted to Hitler, how he was able to turn a blind eye given his ambition and how he was clever enough to avoid getting the hanging after the war he so obviously deserved.For me, the most interesting thing about the Nazi era isn't the crazy mofos like Hitler, Himmler and the rest, but the enablers: the opportunists who are more concerned with personal ambition and who see their chances and take them, even if it means a lot of suffering for others. I find them interesting because there are more of these types around than perhaps we'd like to admit! And my view is that Heydrich was really one of these: in it for himself rather than some grand purpose!
4 Since when do CSI technicians have medical degrees? Since when do people from the medical examiner's office investigate crime suspects and make arrests? Since when is acting and writing this bad deserving of high ratings? The original, Las Vegas-based CSI, while still implausible, at least has had a decent cast and writing. This overheated, pseudo-cool "spin-off" makes me wonder if the the term "hot, steaming mess" has become a compliment in TV Land. Surely viewers out there are yearning for something that doesn't insult their intelligence as badly as this show.Then again, American Idol is the top-rated show on television. Never mind.
4 I've had great expectations for this movie. Based on the trailer I was hoping it will be one of the big fantasy hits this year, coming from the producers of Harry Potter and and starring the little girl version of Thor.In the first 2/3 of the movie it does a great job at keeping you on your toes, it is intense in a way. You're just barely not given and not shown enough to be able to decide how much of what Barbara thinks is real and why is she the way she is. However at a point it starts really going downhill, and everything one would expect based on the trailer is derailed. You soon end up with a mediocre psycho-drama and the taste of disappointment in your mouth.
4 There are many movies that resembles this story yet this one is something different. Very genuine acting from all the performers and the story is beautiful. nothing extra ordinary but a simple urban story of a dad finding and discovering his love for his daughter. No major twist but simply put the struggles and coming on between the bonding of families. loved it.
4 Obviously the director of this movie does not understand the context of the middle east and he is taking this part of the world as a bulk and treating it as a whole. When in Tehran they speak Arabic, Tehran is in Iran they speak Farisi not Arabic, when in the market one guy is obviously Moroccan while the movie is narrating a middle eastern story (Amman Jordan) different dialect, and the Beddouin music always starting with Allah W Akbar which is a religious chant not necessarily specific to the middle east where you can find Christians, Kurds and a lot more ethnicity. To make long story short the director reflected his understanding of the ME based on orientalist concepts and not real facts.
4 I'm not completely sure what I was expecting from Fury Road, but it was more than this. This is the latest example of Hollywood rehashing a successful and good movie franchise solely for profit. It's mindless, repetitive action sequences melded between horrible acting and overused clichés.One of the allures of this series is seeing the outlandish road vehicles that are used, and in this the movie mostly delivers. You have the high-powered Warrior Rig driven by Furiosa. There's battle vehicles equipped with spikes, rigs with counter-balanced poles for launching warriors into other vehicles, and there's even a vehicle equipped with large bass drums and a stack of speakers that would make KISS jealous with a psychotic guitarist wailing away for our musical enjoyment. And of course, each vehicle comes equipped with more explosive arsenal than a battle ship. And it's put to good use.However, once you get past the eye candy, you realize there's nothing else to it. The story is weak. The characters are weaker. And the acting is the worst. The movie never drew me in. Not even close. Whenever the movie 'tried' to add depth and be dramatic, it was painful and embarrassing to watch. The scene where Furiosa reacts to finding out her birth home is gone by taking off her prosthetic arm and dropping down to her knees may be the worst movie scene I've ever watched. And it says something when the most interesting character is Nux, a relentless slave/warrior who actually has a mind of his own and decides to help Max and Furiosa in their quest. Of course, one of Immortan Joe's wives falls for him, representing one of the many poorly executed clichés this movie is riddled with.I can watch a superficial action movie and enjoy it for what it is, to a point. This one, however, is just generally so poorly executed that it leaves a lot to be desired. I didn't hate it, but I have absolutely no desire to see it again.
4 Had potential...but wastes it on cheap publicity stunts and a plot that goes nowhereA man, Murphy, is stuck in a dead-end relationship with a woman he doesn't love. The couple also have an unplanned young son, adding to Murphy's feelings of being trapped. He starts to think of his previous girlfriend - Electra, how perfect everything was, and how and why everything fell apart. Then he learns that she has disappeared...The movie had potential. The intrigue of the disappearance of Electra, the regret that their (perfect) relationship didn't work out, the suffocating relationship he is currently in, his depression over where everything has ended up - these all made for some interesting potential paths for the movie.But, alas, it was not meant to be.None of these threads go anywhere. In the end, nothing is resolved and there is no point to the whole long exercise. And, yes, it is a long exercise - 2 1/4 hours, with about half of that made up of padding. So many scenes which add nothing to the movie, and just make you more bored.From the start you know it is going to be a long, drawn-out affair - the pacing is slow from the beginning - but you hope to be rewarded with something profound at the end. No such luck.What the movie will be most remembered for is its explicit sex scenes. While not really that new anymore (Nine Songs, anyone?), many of the scenes are just there for shock / controversy / publicity value. Sad to see that Gaspar Noe has ended up making pretentious crap like this. Irreversible was brilliant and heralded Noe as director to be followed. However, since then he hasn't made a decent movie. His previous movie, Enter the Void, was even more pointless and pretentious than Love. He is turning out to be a one-hit wonder.
4 Am I the only person that found this movie incredibly tedious, pretentious and badly acted?  Did I mention boring?  It took me 3 installments to get through this.  My mind kept wandering to thoughts like "Why is Ethan Hawke's hair so greasy" and Julie Delpy's teeth being disturbing.  Not good signs.Whoever said Ethan Hawke (was it Mrskunk?) had 2 expressions was exactly right.  Most of the time he smirked.  And the dialogue!  Were we supposed to find it interesting?  Amusing?  To me, it was the musings of immature adults, and why were their musings any more interesting than yours or mine? Maybe that was the point - maybe the director was parodying the self-importance of teenagers and those slightly older.  Was there any insight at all in all that talking?  I couldn't find any.  Not one single insight.  Did you happen to notice that the whole time they talked about themselves?  I include their philosophical comments, because they are about their own philosophy, not anyone else's.  As far as they (and those of us who were trapped in their universe) were concerned  the world did not exist. They wouldn't notice anything happening outside themselves.  Could you ask for a better example of solipsism?I can't believe people think this is one of the greatest films ever made, a great romance, etc.  If you want to see a great romance, rent "Notorious" or "Live Flesh" or, I could go on and on.  Just like the movie.  But I won't.I fear that this is a case of the "Emperor's New Clothes."  Some critics called it a great film, so others jump on the bandwagon to show that they too have good taste.Believe me, this is not great filmmaking and this is not a great film. It's just an extremely boring film.You were warned.
4 Let me start by saying that I was SO looking forward to seeing this movie despite reading some of the not so great reviews on this site. I trusted the people who gave it high marks and made it sound like it was as good as or better than the original. My husband had doubts going in, but he is a HUGE comic book fan, so I figured he was just being picky. Boy was I WRONG! When we left the theater (which was surprisingly empty by the way) there were a few faint claps and absolutely no conversation. Usually when a movie is good you hear a few "Wow, that was great!" comments when you are leaving. I heard complete silence. Out of respect, both my husband and I left the movie theater without saying a word. It wasn't until we got in our car and shut the doors that my husband finally burst out and said, "God that was horrible!!!"Although the movie had many elements from the first film, they were just not pulled together as well. The main problem was the storyline which was pretty thin and had a numerous plot holes that did not make sense. Brandon Routh looked great, although during a couple of points in the movie I found myself distracted by the bad blue contact lenses, his pasty white skin, and his bushy eyebrows which should have been plucked a bit. Still, he is a great looking guy! His acting was good, but the script didn't give him much to do. There were not enough scenes of him as Clark Kent to create the full persona of the character. I saw a faint resemblance to Christopher Reeve, but not enough to say they were identical at all. What made the Christopher Reeve performance great was not just the actor himself, but the fact that they gave him a lot of time on screen to play both Superman and Clark. This made the audience believe that there was enough difference for him to "maybe" pull off the disguise. Plus, how stupid can people be to not put two and two together and realize that both Clark and Superman were gone during the same five year time span! Duh! Kate Bosworth was WAY too young to play Lois Lane. True, she is much more attractive than the original actress Margot Kidder, but the spunk and spark of Lois was just not there. Her character seemed bland and depressed for most of the movie. There was also no chemistry between her and Brandon Routh. Ihave to say that one of the main reasons that I went to this movie was for the supposedly heightened emphasis on the romance. Just wasn't good enough. The whole storyline with Lois and her son was also unbelievable. ****SPOILER WARNING**** I couldn't buy the fact that she would given up on Superman coming back so quickly as to convince another guy that this kid was actually his child and not someone else's. Plus, didn't Superman erase Lois' memory of their time together in Superman 2? It was unclear to me how much super power this child actually had. The kid had ample opportunity to show it by saving their lives at numerous points, but only chose to do it once. Also, was Lois making him "fake" being an asthmatic and in fragile health or did was the kid actually having asthma attacks? My husband and I are still debating that one. How did Lois know that Kryptonite didn't affect him before Lex was waving it in front of him? Just not enough info. was given to make the audience understand what was going on. I echo another reviewer who said they just could not picture Superman as a "deadbeat dad". Superman is just beyond this whole illegitimate child thing. Whoever thought this plot line would breathe new life into the Superman saga was completely wrong! Kevin Spacey was very good at Lex Luther, but the script just wasn't good enough for his great acting abilities. I give him credit for doing what he could with the role. Again, the whole plot with him creating a new continent out of crystals from Superman's Fortress of Solitude completely does not make sense. Who would want to buy land on an island made of sharp pointy rocks? Ouch! Plus, Lex and Superman had only one scene together throughout the whole film! A few final comments on the lack of believability in the plot. How could Lois and Richard possibly locate Superman while in that tiny seaplane with only his head slightly bobbing above the water? How could tiny Kate Bosworth dive in and pull a 225 lb. man out of the ocean? Finally, how could Superman have enough strength to lift that crystal continent out of the ocean and toss it into space when he still had a chunk of Krytonite in him (which later almost ended up killing him)? The whole thing does not make sense! Regarding the special effects, they are technically amazing, but not enough to make up for lack of plot in the story. I think they should have invested their money in better writers. I'm not a big fan of special effects anyway, so I guess I'm not the best one to comment, but during several points in the movie I grimaced and felt like I was being shaken up in a blender! The noise and motions on the screen were that jarring. Are special effects supposed to feel that way? I found myself wishing for them to end! I just want to close by saying that in retrospect I enjoyed the two minute preview clip they showed to "Spiderman 3" coming out next year more than I enjoyed this movie. I hope the folks working on that film right now don't make the same mistakes as they did here.
4 Possible Spoilers One of the simplest movies ever made, yet one of the most poignant. Of particular note is the title of the film, which serves, in retrospect, to illustrate deSicca's main point. In English, the singular title "The Bicylce Thief" causes the viewer to question who really is the bicycle thief in the movie? It is logical to conclude that the title refers to the main character, whom the film closely chronicles. But to call the hopeless, dejected character, with whom the viewer has empathized for the entire movie, a thief would be ludicrous, unless- by calling such a man a "thief"- deSicca is making a more powerful commentary on an inability to define a person or his actions as absolutely good or absolutely evil- the two terms are not mutually exclusive, as there is a blurring between the two that occurs when other factors are considered. The title serves as a reminder that not all criminals are evil- some have been motivated out of good intentions and desperation. In the end, the viewer is forced to make a jarring comparison between the "thief" who stole the main char's bicycle and the main char, himself. The irony of the situation causes the viewer to realize his own hypocrisy. Though we formerly considered the first thief to be petty and evil for ruining the main char's life, we can no longer hold such a judgment of him after witnessing the main char do the same- an act which the viewer considers sympathetically. The change in judgment toward the first "thief" which the viewer is forced to make at the film's conclusion is a reminder to the viewer that one's awareness of the circumstances governing a situation can dramatically change one's assessment of the situation. The Italian, plural title "Ladri di Biciclette" serves to generalize the crime, desperation, degradation, to everyman in post-war Italy. I also loved this movie for the portrayed father-son relationship. The little boy did an excellent job in portraying a boy who attempts to act like a grown up in order to help, and therefore gain the approval of, his father.However, by the end of the movie we are reminded that the boy is just a boy (which the father seems to forget at intervals, but realizes when he offers to take him for pizza, etc.). The father also has a dilemma- and not just that he bears the burden of providing for his family monetarily, but that he must provide moral teaching and an example as well. Moreover, the filial relationship serves to better illustrate the theme of blurred definitions of good and evil. The boy's black-and-white ideas on good and evil is juxtaposed with the reality of post-war Italy, in which there can not be such a clear distinction between the two terms-"good" people are forced to do "bad" acts in order to survive. The two different moral characterizations are forced to converge in the young boy, himself, when he witnesses his own father commit a crime. The boy is forced to grow up too soon- i.e., to abandon his absolute views on good and evil in favor of the grey reality in order to grant his father forgiveness. The ending of the film illustrates that though a child may constantly seek approval and confirmation from his father, the approval which a father must seek from his son, though far more subtle and less obvious, plays an equally important and intrinsic role in filial relationships.
4 I know Transylvania is a cool name and sounds very interesting, but really people, when are you going to get the simplest of facts straight?I know this is a movie, and perhaps I could get past all the wrong years and characters' age inconsistencies. But when are you American film-makers going to grab a history book and read that Vlad Tepes had nothing to do with Transylvania?Basic historical facts: - Vlad Tepes, son of Vlad Dracul, was a ruler in Wallachia (NOT Transylvania) - his castle is named Bran (not Castle Dracula, wtf!) and is in the mountains indeed, but still belongs to Wallachia, not Transylvania+1 for mentioning that "Dracul" meant "The Dragon" in old Romanian language, referring to the Order of Dragon that Vlad's father was part of. Only in the recent history has "Dracul" become a synonym for "The Devil".Anyway, I was ready to accept all historically wrong facts and enjoy the movie. But I could not.The plot was so bad with so many inconsistencies and underdeveloped characters that I don't know what to begin with.I don't want to spoil so I will not bring exact details, but here's what happens in this movie: - there are characters who appear out of nowhere in 1 or 2 scenes, who apparently have an important part in the story, but we get to know absolutely NOTHING about them - nobody in the Turkish army seems to have any fear whatsoever after witnessing an extremely powerful, supernatural force; they see Dracula killing soldiers like crushing ant with a boot, yet the Turkish generals remain cocky and eager to fight him with... well... a sword. - the dumbest idea I have ever seen of how to prevent soldiers fear Dracula before going to fight him... watch and amazeOverall, a very bad movie. I can't remember the last time I've seen such an awful piece of cinema... makes you wonder what was going on in filmmakers' heads.
4 I've never been a big fan of Greek mythology, so based upon that criteria I've never been a big fan of movies about the subject. Though I have grown to be pretty fond of the book series, Percy Jackson and the Olympians. I was astounded at how well Greek mythology was interwoven into the modern day culture as author Rick Riordan told a rip-roaring adventure tale, filled with humor, mystery, and tons of action. Like all things successful, Hollywood likes to get in the game, so it's no surprise that a film has been made of the first of the Percy Jackson books, The Lightning Thief. The film, Percy Jackson and the Olympians - The Lightning Thief, seems to have lost something in the translation, winding up as a film that really only shares the name of the book and nothing else.The story of the film follows teen Percy Jackson, who has absent father syndrome. He has never known his biological father and harnesses deep bitterness toward the man who forced him and his mom to live with his demeaning stepfather, Gabe. Then, one day Percy's substitute teacher, Ms. Dodds, transforms into a gigantic winged beast and attacks him whilst on a field trip, to be saved by his best friend and silent guardian, Grover (who turns out to be half human-half goat), and his teacher, Mr. Brunner (who is really hero trainer and centaur, Chiron from Greek mythology). Percy learns that he is a demigod (half human-half God), and that his father is Poseidon, God of the Sea. But trouble is afoot for Percy, because Zeus's lightning bolt has been stolen and Percy is the prime suspect in the midst of a feud between brothers existing long before he was born. Now Percy must prove his innocence if he wishes to keep the world from being engulfed in an all out war between the Gods.This film just seemed to lack any of the charm that can be found within the book. Screenwriter Craig Titley, did not have a very good handle on these characters. Percy was the smartest of his ring of friends, and not his super smart friend, Annabeth (who happens to be daughter of Athena, God of Wisdom, is there anything wrong with her being portrayed as witless and stupid?). Now, I never consider myself a book purist, I understand things must be amended in order for the book to work as a film, but this adaptation was just all over the place. They changed and cut things that should have been left in, I mean, they cut out the main villain of the entire series in this film, Kronos. Without Kronos in this first film, how can they possibly hope to make any sequels and have them make even a lick of sense? Director Chris Columbus was the man who brought the first two Harry Potter films to the screen, he knows how to create pure movie magic, but something just wasn't clicking with this film. The film flew at a breakneck pace, never taking any time to breath and let you drink in this fantastic world. Like when Percy believes that his mother has died, he's told his mother's dead, then two seconds later he's up on his feet with a smile on his face. Not to mention, the film dispersed major plot points as if they were just reading statistics off of a teleprompter, making me wonder if someone who hasn't read the book will even be able to follow this movie, or if they will even care when it's all said and done.As it is, I will not lie and say I didn't enjoy it when Percy and his friends battled the Hydra, or when they got trapped in this hotel & casino in Las Vegas that drugs you with sweet Lotus flowers to where you never want to leave, but these few moments were not enough to redeem this film. Percy Jackson and the Olympians - The Lightning Thief, is a mind-numbingly raw experience from start to finish.I give Percy Jackson and the Olympians - The Lightning Thief a 4 out of 10!
4 I once heard that the studio brass at Columbia Pictures were initially hesitant on Groundhog Day (1993) because they thought the repetitive nature of the film's script would be too boring for mainstream audiences. While their initial trepidation ultimately proved false, Before I Fall, the latest film to add its own particular funk on the Groundhog formula, is digital proof that their fears were well founded. In fact, watching this YA rip-off of a good idea, felt like I was going through the lead's feeble little character arc in reverse: hopeful optimism makes way to exhaustion, which fades to anger then top it all off with big, fat helping of what the f**k just happened? This tepid little story comes courtesy of author Lauren Oliver's well received novel of the same name. Sam (Deutch), a popular Washington State high schooler, is forced to repeat the same day over and over again in a never-ending cycle of lunchroom gossip and pre-coital stressing. Why; well much like the aforementioned Groundhog Day no concrete reason is ever given; though that film was so artfully done, one needs hardly to ask. Here however, the movie begs that very question perhaps to distract from its stifling dreariness. "Why is this happening to me and not to you?" Sam asks her vapid friend, stone-faced and blunt.Good question Sam, though a better one might be why is this movie happening at all? It's clear within the first references to Sisyphus and the Butterfly Effect that this movie has no desire to tread new narrative ground. The progression of the story and its themes are beyond predictable and the characters are as safe as a bouncy castle made out of Nerf. The minutia that repeats and repeats is at best superficial and at worst annoying, accompanied by wraithlike hipster music that drones on and on. I mean for goodness sake even Edge of Tomorrow (2014) had the good sense to fill in its lack of existential exploration with creative high-concepts. This movie is just happy convincing you that rich high school girls still go out of their way to publicly taunt their less popular counterparts.One thing that Groundhog Day did well that Before I Fall seems to purposely be messing up is any semblance of a character change. While Bill Murray's Phil changed from a solipsistic a**hat to a kindly community angel, Sam turns her interment into a group therapy session where she's constantly asking if she's a good person. She hears stories about herself she seems to have forgotten; one dozy little nugget is even provided by a stereotypically sweet admirer (Miller) whose sole purpose is to remind her she has romantic options. Then of course there's the phrase "Be the Person You Are" that's literally written on a wall as if proclaiming proudly: Nothing. Interesting. Will. Happen.The good news is the movie at least tries to distract you with a marginally more interesting subplot involving artsy outcast Juliet (Kampouris) and head mean girl Lindsay (Sage). Details of the group dynamic are parceled out little by little to force engagement between the film and its audience. This can be seen as a net positive for those who don't mind all the witless melodrama that clumsily un-spools. Of course if you're far gone as I was, these little reveals do nothing but pad the run time of what is already an unpleasant little trudge through dullsville.To stymie any impression that Sam is just as shallow as her friends, we're made aware of her inner-monologue which crackles with empty platitudes and fortune cookie wisdom in an attempt to sound sincere. "Maybe you can afford to wait. Maybe for you there's a tomorrowbut for me there is only today." She speaks of course with misplaced intensity and sounds like a lissome pre-teen who's read one too many Sylvia Plaith poems. Yet behind all that self-seriousness is a total lack of faith. Absolutely nothing in this film is given shades or subtlety but rather falls out of the film like ungainly pitched garbage.What you end up with in Before I Fall's case is a film that marries its inherently un-cinematic concept to a story without depth, understanding or wit. Furthermore it latches itself onto boring, vacuous characters whose supposed faults ensure the stakes are lower than the price of a Lifestyle condom. If the message of this film boils down to "make the most of today," then do yourself a favor and avoid this tedium at all costs.
4 I guess I would give this movie 7.5 out of 10. That is subject to a few conditions. First, I like historical drama and I was very disappointed with the movie Anthropoid, which was on the same topic. Second, ther's a slight flaw in the way the movies is divided into two halves. for a while you aren't sure what's happening and not in a good way. What I liked about his that I did not like about Anthropoid? In Anthropoid, i felt little connection to the characters and in this movie, there was an emotional component, even giving some insight into how H himself might have been. I loved that they included the perspective of his wife.I love that they show her giving birth alone while he coldly works. That shows some of the personal cost that is involved in being a mindless killing machine. When the movie transitions form the Heinrich family to the Czech resistance, I love the cinematography, but i would have liked a tiny bit of context. If you know the story, you figure it out one enough, but if you don't know, its disorienting. Another reviewer here complained about the lack of moral context, that is, why these characters fought to hard to do this and what did they achieve. Its true that that is understated, but I like it. They mention it in passing as they debate shutting down the operation. And its implied in the sadness of the end. It was a real sacrifice. maybe an un-thanked sacrifice, maybe a symbolic one. It didn't stop the war and it led to retaliations and suffering. The benefits were not discussed, but as they suggested, it showed the world that there was resistance, that the Nazis were not invincible.
4 The story of the family is not explained. -Where is Drayton's gas station? -Where is Grandma corpse? -Why are hillsides around the Sawyer's farm? In the original 74' movie, the farm lies on a flat area. -In the Texas Chainsaw 3D, Verna's gravestone is that is was born in 1937. This is a film place in 1955, and in 1965. If Verna's was born in 1937, then this film should be 18, and 28 year's old. Lili Taylor, who plays Verna's, is 50 year-old. -The barn is not similar to the barn in the 74' original movie. -At the beginning of the film, Jed's cake has 5 candles, so 5 years old. Boris Kabakchiev, who plays Jed's, at least 10 years old.Even the TCM Next Generation is better than that.
4 This movie is about what can happen when religious nuts take over the country's government. People who are different are either killed or enslaved in one way or another. Let's see...we have murder and public display of anyone who isn't of the religion that took over....women who are fertile enslaved for religious higher-up's in the government...anyone who's different, and ISN'T killed enslaved in radioactive areas...makes you realize why people fight so hard against religion intruding into politics. Like the scholars from the future of this story who have a hard time believing it actually happened, despite hearing the story with their own ears, people nowadays don't believe that "people of God" in government would be so bad. Watch this movie and think on it. This is why there's a separation of church and state.
4 I generally watch most of the movies that my public library purchases. They added this one on BluRay and I watched it at home as my wife was getting her injured knee looked at and I was waiting to see what hurricane Harvey would do. As I write this it is approaching Corpus Christi and should make landfall in a few hours.Back in 1977 and a few years after, 6 seasons I believe, was a very popular TV series 'CHiPS', about two Los Angeles motorcycle cops, Ponch and Jon. My family was young then, I remember watching and enjoying it. One day evidently Dax Shepard woke up and said to his wife, Kristen Bell, "I think I will make a slapstick version of that old TV series, it will star me and I will write the script." And Bell asked, "Why don't you direct it also?" "Good idea" replied Dax.So what we end up with is an R-rated juvenile take on that venerable old TV series. We get a bit of nudity, some simulated sex, lots of bad language, and lots of slapstick. There is actually a core of a good story in it but Dax was more interested in the slapstick elements to let the good parts shine through.Michael Peña is Ponch and Dax Shepard is Jon. The best character is actually Vincent D'Onofrio as the bad guy Ray Kurtz. See it if you want to be entertained by juvenile, often slapstick humor, otherwise this would be a good one to skip.
4 Right from the opening sequence I knew this was going to be a terrible movie. The acting was terrible and behavior was not normal at all. After the opening sequence I couldn't figure out why it had even been included, it sure didn't need to be there, it didn't really add anything to the movie and it could have been explained later with a few lines of dialog. Oh that's right, whoever wrote the dialog for this movie needs to have their computer confiscated so they never attempt to write anything ever again. I'm wondering if the writer was related to some hot shot of the movie, maybe Rob Cohen's niece or nephew or his third cousin twice removed? They sure didn't get the job on talent.I feel like the plot of this movie was totally lifted from Hard Rain 1998 only Hard Rain had a great script and great actors. The only actor in this movie that I'm familiar with is Ryan Kwanten and to be honest he wasn't in True Blood because of his acting ability. I really wanted Maggie Grace to be Katherine Heigl, I think Katherine could have elevated this movie and she would have been more believable, even with the crappy dialog. I can't say Rob Cohen's movies are known for dialog and plot but this is ridiculous. It's like a bunch of people got together on a rainy weekend and decided to write their very first script. I don't know how to say it other than the dialog was just plain awful, it's worse than any low budget Lifetime or Sci-Fi channel movie of the week I've ever seen. Watching this movie I can't believe it's even being show in theaters, it's not quality, it's a TV movie and not even a good TV movie. Sharknado looks like an Academy Award nominee compared to this tragedy.I don't want to include any spoilers, not that it would be possible for me to spoil this movie for you, the producer and director already took care of that. The action sequences were alright, they could have been really good if the cinematography were better. The lighting was so muted nothing really stood out. I get it, there's a hurricane, it's rainy and gloomy but even the inside sequences looked washed out and gloomy. I don't want to sound like a broken record but in Hard Rain the weather conditions were kind of similar and that movie looked awesome, you knew they were in a serious rain storm but it didn't look like you were watching the movie through a gauze filter.There was opportunity to be more suspenseful and to create plot twists to give the movie a little substance but they ignored it, in fact they pretty much laid everything out in the open so there were no surprises. It's really not worth the price of the ticket, I'd say if you're really curious wait 4 to 6 weeks and it'll be on Netflix or HBO.
4 Another weekend and another one of those Netflix originals. The second Stephen King adaptation from the Netflix stable did not live up to the 'above-average' show by its predecessor Gerald's Game. Although a big fan of Stephen King, this is one book/short story that I had not read and should have ideally kept me intrigued throughout as I didn't know the story.However, this crime/drama/horror movie ended up just being a below average crime/horror flick with an average drama quotient. The story-line surrounds "A simple yet proud rancher in the year 1922 conspires to murder his wife for financial gain, convincing his teenage son to participate. (imdb)". This is all I can tell about the movie without revealing the very little the movie has to offer. From the word go, the movie was slow, boring and pertaining to a lifestyle I probably cannot fathom 🙂 . The lead actor Thomas Jane was very good in his role, ably supported by Dylan Schmid & Molly Parker. – Nothing really wrong there. However, the script, CGI, direction and story were loose and unappealing. Let me keep things short by saying I have seen a lot better movies in all three genres and I would have skipped this one had I read a review before ! 2/5
4 Started well, but sadly went down hill. I really expected great things from this movie after all the two main characters can be extremely funny, sadly this was not the case. I felt the plot also let it down, leaving me with a lot of fun unanswered questions, don't get me wrong it's a comedy so I don't expect in depth thought provoking scrip, but come on guys! I felt both lead actors were let down by the script, what I would describe as " a fluffy film " . I personally couldn't get to grips with Dwyne Johnsons character at all, seemed a little slow witted, yet works as a CIA operative? Not that I care either way but also they seemed to have made him gay I think, but to be honest I'm not sure, as I say lots of holes in both the script and sorry to say the acting.OK so would I recommend you going to watch the at the cinema? In short no, wait till its on TV I'm not saying it's not worth watching, but I wouldn't waste your money going to the cinema.
4 (I don't really think that I spoiler anything, but I just wanted to make sure)I love apocalyptic movies - I really do. It is the extreme contrast to our current reality which makes them so interesting. So this was a plus on watching "Waterworld".I've watched Waterworld for the first time about 10 years ago and whenever I think back I have a good feeling about the movie. That's why I watched it again in 2016. And boy - it didn't disappoint. The story as an apocalyptic movie is great, but the atmosphere is exceptional well done and gripping.As for the acting goes - I'm not really an expert in it even though I've watched a lot of movies in my 23 years - but I had the feeling that it was superb.But what I really liked about Waterworld is the connection between Mariner (Kevin Costner) and the little kid. Mariner who became very coldhearted, egoistic and skeptical to other humans through his ruff time on the water for many years, learns to trust and even developed feelings/emotion for other human-beings through his interaction with the little girl. He is the typical "hard shell,soft core"-man.Last but not least - "older" movies - around 1985-2005 (Lethal Weapons, Rush Hour etc etc) have this realistic feeling/vibe which I really miss on current blockbusters. They all look too much enhanced through CGI.
4 i'll give it a four for it being mildly entertaining, but i just graduated last year and it is not realistic in the least, most other teenagers will tell you the same. Brenda Hampton has no idea what she's talking about.this show has some of the most annoying characters played by the most horrible actors. Ben is unbelievable and REALLY creepy, so is his father. come on, what father would be perfectly fine with his fifteen year old son dating a fifteen year old girl who was having another guy's baby? absolutely ridiculous.the other characters are obvious stereotypes. Ricky is attractive, so of course he sleeps with every girl in school. Adrian is Latina and has a single mother who's gone all the time, so obviously she's the school hussy. trying to sleep with the guidance counselor and being ashamed of her grades? seriously NEVER happens, i can't believe anyone would ever go as far as to say that this show is accurate.
4 Take away the telekinetic powers, the hyper-religious mother and a bucket of pig's blood on the noggin, the original CARRIE, a suspenseful Stephen King adaptation directed by Brian De Palma, is really about a high school girl who doesn't fit in. That fact is obvious just by looking at Sissy Spacek's Carrie White, who seems as though she's never belonged to any campus clique judging by her distant, dazed expression.While Spacek was a natural beauty in earlier films like BADLANDS and PRIME CUT, she was turned into a homely outcast But Chloë Grace Moretz doesn't have any problem whatsoever: Lose the permanent scowl and she's cuter than most of the girls, even the popular bullies So it doesn't quite work when sympathetic Sue Snell, played by an elfin Gabriella Wilde, talks boyfriend Tommy Ross into escorting Carrie to the prom. Sappy scenes bordering on awkward TWILIGHT romance gives the impression he's one lucky guy with two lovely girlfriends But Carrie has a load of trouble at home in the form of crazy mom Margaret White....Without further comparing this to the original, Julianne Moore, filling the famous Piper Laurie role, tries her over-the-top best with spooky long hair and an icy disposition, but acts more like a kooky soccer mom in dire need of xanax than the main ingredient for her daughter's deep rooted problemsEnter Carrie's freewheeling use of telekinesis Her ability to easily manipulate elements, like a young Jedi or a Hogwarts pupil, makes you forget she's a troubled girl who can't control ominous powers. In one scene, as her schoolbooks float jovially around the bedroom, you'd think she discovered a quick way of finishing chores or perhaps a time-filling substitute for not having a Facebook or Twitter account. And then, once we arrive at the inevitable doomsday prom, when Carrie goes to town with hellishly lethal vengeance, you'll wonder if this entire remake occurred just to witness a group of young people being slaughtered care-of computer-generated effects...If that's the case, the maligned 90's sequel THE RAGE: CARRIE 2 covered this unnecessary ground already.
4 Grade: CIn a Nutshell: A monster coming-of-age story, this creature feature movie feels like a 1980's horror flick. It's actually a new indie film by director Fritz Bohm, who also had a hand in writing the script. I picture a group of teenagers watching this at one of their friend's house on a Saturday night as they laugh at it and eat pizza.Tips for parents: A man shoots himself and you see blood splatters.Profanity, including a few F-bombsThere is blood and talk of a teenage girl's menstruation.You see a teenage girl in her underwear.Teenager sex scene with skin and sounds.Some violent, gory deaths.You see a naked female "wilder."Teenage drinking Uplifting theme: Embrace who you are...?Don't kill people...?Don't eat people...? Things I liked:It was good to see Liv Tyler in something again, although I'm kind of surprised she picked this script.Anna sees a picture of Aurora Borealis in a book. Seeing that in real life is on my Bucket List! I've been researching a trip to either Iceland or Finland to see it. Which do you think is a better country to see the amazing Northern Lights?I liked the psychological aspect of the story. Otherwise, we have already seen this story before.Actress Bel Powley was 26 years old at the premiere! I thought that was so surprising, because she really does look young in this movie as Anna. What's even more impressive is that she eats a ton of hamburger and sausages in the movie, despite being a vegetarian in real life.Things I didn't like:The creepy father (played by Brad Dourif) tells this tiny, young, adorable, little girl (played by Arlo Mertz) about the "Wildling", not holding back any scary details, and introducing you to the horrific childhood Anna experienced. I was confused by what happened to him later.It has a lot of dark, evening scenes, so this will be hard to watch on a TV or computer.It's pretty slow-moving.Some of the special effects are pretty cheesy and amateur looking. According to IMDB, there were 350 visual effect shots.There really aren't any surprises. The movie poster pretty much reveals what you already suspect is going to happen.Some of the make-up on the Wildling looked super fake and ridiculous. Interesting lines:"You're not sick. You're a woman." - Sheriff Ellen Cooper (Liv Tyler)
4 If you're looking for a good laugh, I highly recommend this movie. You'll definitely enjoy it with your friends or your family. If I want to watch a comedy, I'm not critical about anything, if the movie can make me laugh then I'm good. I know what I was expecting when I went to see this movie but I wasn't expecting that it was going to make me laugh that hard!This movie has heart, it deals with friendship and family. It's like 50 First Dates and then some, and then some more. It's not your typical boy-meets-girl romantic-comedy either, it doesn't focus on the lead characters alone. Here, you'll see the supporting characters, and their relationships grow with the lead characters.The dialogues were great. Jennifer and Adam really have chemistry in this movie. I was glad to see Nicole in a comedy! The kids are hilarious! Basically, everyone did a great job!
4 The Huntsman: Winter's war is much worse movie, than Snow White and Huntsman was. Even it is beautifully set the story is quite empty. With it's dryish slap stick humor in it is mostly repellent and lame. It's supposed to be prequel movie to Snow White and Huntsman story, but you can hardly find any reference mark to first movie. Charlize Theron as evil queen is great, but she has regrettable too less of the screen time in this movie. Shaking shooting in some action scenes makes it hard to follow, which is unlucky to story telling. And those 3D glasses wont even make it easier to follow. Even the movie is quite visually beautiful, some of the monsters looks stupidly animated. Maybe most of the movie budget has spent to hire famous actors. In many times set feels like theater like set and doesn't feel very realistic. You may say, that it is a fairy tale and it shouldn't be realistic. But with this budget it should. Movie has flopped quite badly at movie theatres (even I Was with my husband alone in this screening) and it is not a worth of a movie ticket. I believe you will find this movie from Netflix quite soon, so maybe it is better to wit to see from there. At least you can pause it as many times you want to visit refrigerator. Even 3D won't give to you extra reason to see it in movies.
4 I was in the mood for a scary movie and this one was disappointing. I mean the movie "Unfriended" which deals with social network at least had a clear direction and had clever moments. But in this, things start to go downhill when the supernatural stuff starts happening. I actually saw it a few days ago and nothing about this movie sticks. The whole beginning stalker part was more intriguing but when the jump scares and ghost start popping up. It just became way too predictable and by the numbers. It's like most of it was to add to the body counts over having a tension filled moments or thought provoking twists and build ups. Even if you are in the mood for a scary movie, I say just pass on this one. There is no genuine scares, no clever executions, or a intriguing plot that builds tension. Just go watch "Unfriended" instead, it's a better movie.4.3/10
4 Based on the "sort of" tries story of Mike and Dave Stangle. Two immature brothers who are told by their family to bring responsible dates to their sisters wedding.Another film that seems to be just over the mark from what I believe to be a style of comedy devoted to the stereotype of teenage humour. Or at least that's what I thought from watching the joyless trailers for this film. But as always I walked into the screening room with an open mind. So did I actually end up laughing at Mike And Dave Need Wedding Dates? Well yes I did laugh a couple of times.... Not very many but a couple. But the problem is the distance of time between each laugh was way too long. I laughed right at the very start and thought this could actually be good. The trailers might have just mis-sold the film. Unfortunately I didn't laugh for another 20-30 minutes. And this seemed to be how the pace of the film went. And the main reason I laughed at the specific gags I laughed at was because they made a difference to the constant barrage of crude "humour" being thrown towards the audience. The biggest problem seems to be that this comedy isn't funny. The lead actors do a good job in making some scenes funnier and Zac Efron delivers one of his best performances of the year ,but then that's easily done for him after the trainwreck on steroids known as Dirty Grandpa and the unfunny Bad Neighbours 2. If the script was better then the film would be better. That's really the only thing wrong with the film. There is one main stand out actress who can't act for all the money in the world and this is the person who is playing the sister of Mike and Dave.Once again 2016 delivers another unfunny comedy but this one isn't as bad as others before it. Still it might leave some people wishing Mile and Dave were never invited to the wedding in the first place ** <-- Two Stars (Out Of Five)
4 I wasn't expecting to enjoy this movie at all. I was a huge skeptic when the first trailer came out thinking it would be another FF movie chock full of cheesy one-liners and cartoony humor. In that respect, I was way off. Josh Trank's Fantastic Four is grounded in relative realism, showing what would likely happen if people did in fact crack inter-dimensional travel and brought back superpowers. It has a darker tone than the other movies and is a wildly different experience because of it. The characters are more relatable, their situations are more believable, and for a good part of the movie, it actually feels like you're watching the true Fantastic Four origin story unfold.I can't blame Trank for the discrepancies I have with the movie because he is not at fault. Apparently the producers demanded reshoots which rear their ugly head about 20 minutes from the end. It turns from this relatively dark, stylish superhero drama to an overblown one-liner infested CGI-fest. Mind you, I was still pulling for the heroes the entire time, but the moments following, preceding and including the final confrontation are so forcefully rushed and haphazardly put together it completely disconnects you from what the first hour of the movie set-up. The climax is generic and lackluster, and the believable shaky chemistry the characters shared in the beginning of the movie becomes incredibly forced and awkward. The shift is so drastic it's as if they Frankenstein'd two separate movies together, making for one extremely disjointed watching experience.Miles Teller and the rest of the cast have the benefit of being immensely likable. They worked well together and had palpable chemistry for a good chunk of the movie. Even Doom was fine. Once I got past the fact that it wasn't the comic book's adaptation of "Doctor Doom" and took him at face value as a sci-fi villain, I thought he worked wonders and actually posed a genuine threat to humanity. The CGI as a whole is great - a few moments will leave you scratching your head as in "was that really necessary?" but for the most part, the alternate dimension looks fantastic and the few fight scenes there are (literally only two or three) are executed well.Again, these are simply hints of what the movie could've been. It's obvious Trank had a vision with this world, and it's a damn shame that we won't be able to see it in full effect. What we're left with is a promising set-up and a complete mess of a third act with potential bleeding out right up until the final frames. Fantastic Four is more realistic and immersive than the other two adaptations, but unfortunately not as fun as either. What we're left with is an exercise in "what could have been" and another superhero movie with promising aspects that simply did not click.
4 First, let's all just accept the premise that police beat up random black people for no reason whatsoever. Also, police are inept, because they can't find someone to arrest for the murder and rape of your daughter, even though there is zero forensic evidence. Next let's take a moment to reflect on the time you told your daughter "I hope you get raped on the way too". Now it's time to start lashing out at the world because you are angry. Start by committing 2 felonies against a dentist. It's also a good idea to go into a police station and tell them what horrible people they are. When your signs get set on fire, climb onto one of the burning signs and stand at the top of the flames. Next, fire-bomb a police station, because you are still mad, even though there is still no evidence or suspects. Finally, if you can't find the actual person who committed the crime, instead go murder a complete stranger on a hunch. This is all very profound and heart-wrenching...can't you tell by the music?The police chief isn't so bad though, because he has cancer and is spitting up blood. He thinks it's best to leave the hospital, because what do doctors know about dealing with cancer. He doesn't want his wife and kid's final memories of him to be slowly dying in a hospital, so instead their final memories will be of him blowing his own brains out in the barn. Thankfully, a streetwise black police chief came in to take over for the inept and racist white police officers. Now things will finally get done.
4 I really enjoyed this action flick. it was a blend of the first Bourne movie and the (Ashley Judd) series Missing. The lead female character (Alice) is quite believable. and she's pretty I hope that there are sequels planned for the future!
4 I wasn't too concerned about historical accuracies of films which are based on true events, as long as they were kept to a minimum, but this movie changed my mind. Michael Bay completely changed the events of Pearl Harbor. There was just too much historical inaccuracy and fictional characters in the movie. The movie makes no mention of real life heroes George Welch and Kenneth Taylor, the pilots who actually flew over Pearl Harbor. They're instead replaced by two fictional characters.The love triangle is the main focus of the movie, which is completely unnecessary and a waste of time. Kenneth Taylor, who died in November 2006, called this film "a piece of trash . . . over-sensationalized and distorted".The USS Arizona did not jump a few feet into the air when it exploded. There is actual footage of the ship exploding, yet Bay made it more dramatic looking. Another obvious mistake is the A6M Zero, which are all painted green, resembling an army type (navy types were all grey when they attacked Pearl).The Doolitte Raid was surprisingly included in the movie. Although the event is a response to the Pearl Harbor attack, I feel it is merely to give the American audience some relief that at least they get to see some payback. I wonder if Doolittle ever said he would do a 'kamikaze' if his B-25 was hit.Of all the actors/actresses who starred in this movie, only Cuba Gooding Jr. delivered an outstanding performance as Doris Miller did shooting down two Japanese planes with only a machine gun. However, the actor was merely playing a supporting role and his actions in the movie was far different from what he did in reality.The Director's Cut version does not change my opinion of this movie. Until a historically accurate & entertaining remake of Pearl Harbor has finally been formulated, I will remain frustrated and angered at Michael Bay's awful directing.
4 In viewing François Truffaut's The 400 Blows for perhaps the fifth time, I finally began to realize its true greatness. Inspired by the director's childhood, The 400 Blows (Truffaut's first film) is primarily about a young boy growing up with his mother and stepfather in Paris and apparently heading into a life of crime. Most adults see the boy as a troublemaker, but in the film, he is meant to be the protagonist.Antoine Doinel (Jean-Pierre Léaud) is the boy's name. He is resourceful, quiet, and does what he can to get by. At home, he has a struggling relationship with his parents, especially his mother. She is a woman of curious interests, always distracted by her incommodious son and a secret affair with a man from her job. Antoine's stepfather appears nice enough while treating his son as an equal in a good manner, although he is not really attached to him. However, both parents share common traits: they are away from home quite a bit and do not pay close enough attention to their son. Sadly enough, they only judge him by his behavior and by reports they get from other people.At school, Antoine's teacher classifies him as a menacing troublemaker. Not that it is entirely Antoine's fault, he just has terrible luck. In the opening scene of the film, we see a poster with a half-naked woman on the front being passed around quietly by the students. The teacher is sitting at his desk with his head down, grading papers, until the poster comes to Antoine and he finds it. He sends Antoine to the corner of the room, where he writes a note of resentment on the wall. As punishment for that, he is to diagram the exact words that he wrote. At home that night, Antoine's homework is interrupted. Because he did not complete it, his good friend René convinces him to skip school the next day, although Antoine is reluctant at first. They walk around France and notice Antoine's mother kissing a man that is not her husband. She and her son make eye contact, but René assures his friend that everything will be alright. The next morning, as the boys return to school, Antoine lies to his teacher and says the reason he missed school was that his mother died. Everything is alright until his mother, furious, arrives at school and her son is immediately identified as a liar.And yet, we see Antoine alone at home in some private, subtle, and hopeful moments. One of them being, his love for Balzac. He adores him, and we see him reading his biography and lighting a candle in a shrine in his honor at home. One day, at school, the students are proposed to write an essay on an important event in their life, and Antoine chooses the topic of his grandfather's death, in which he incorporates a phrase from his Balzac book. Alas, the teacher identifies this as plagiarism, and sends Antoine out of the classroom, along with René. The two boys stay at René's house for quite some time, living up to the expectations of a life of crime, until they steal a typewriter leaving Antoine caught trying to return it. He is later sent to a juvenile delinquent detention home.The 400 Blows is not meant to be a tragedy. Rather, it is a character study following Antoine Doinel's life and decisions he makes as a direct result of the many things going on in it. Even The 400 Blows captures a few moments of happiness joy. One of these is a priceless sequence in which a gym teacher is leading Antoine's class for a jog through Paris, not realizing that the boys are peeling off and running away two by two. There is another scene after Antoine's shrine for Balzac catches on fire and his parents are stressing and yelling at him. His mother suggests an outing to a movie theater, where they end up going. After the film, we see the trio in the car, laughing and reflecting on what they had seen. We see this as a moment of hope for Antoine and his family, for this being the only time they are all happy together.There are many poignant moments however, emerging late in the film after Antoine is caught for stealing the typewriter. His father is fed up with his behavior and escorts him to a police station where he is sent to a jail cell and later in a police wagon full of prostitutes and thieves, with his face peering through the bars, full of tears. His parents discuss with the authorities that they cannot not take him back because they believe he will only run away again. So, in turn, their son is taken to the juvenile delinquent school. These sequences express a reality of Antoine's life, in tune with the outcome of himself. He remains quiet and reserved towards the end of the film, as if he has nothing to say. The story of Antoine Doinel and his many experiences allow a life to be filled with curiosity and exploration. Every second of the ninety-nine minutes of the film is not wasted. Truffaut allows every minute to be overflowing with creativity while still maintaining the central story of the protagonist. It is not a film that can be taken lightly as a family movie to be watched every Saturday night. It is a film to be given plenty of thought, carefully examined, and given a conclusion. The genius of the film does not rely on that, moreover, it relies on how much is put into the film. Down to the smallest detail, the film is able to maneuver and progress. The story contains elements of sadness, regret, family, warmth, happiness, humor, values, and choices. Just like life itself.
4 From the guy behind Dodgeball: a true underdog story and We're the Millers comes another Buddy Cop/Spy comedy starring Kevin Hart. Central Intelligence marks the second time this year that we have seen Kevin Hart in a movie where he forms an unlikely friendship with his nicknamed co-star (Ice Cube or The Rock) while he also shoots, fights and back flips his way to save the day.As opposed to Ride Along, Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson plays Bob Stone in a subverted role than one might expect of the peoples champ. The Rock does a pretty good job as the Optomistically enthusiastic, unicorn loving CIA agent, bringing the action star to the screen as well as a more softer and comical side of the Brahma Bull. The film also features entertaining performances/ cameos from several actors; such as Aaron Paul (Who can't stop himself from calling someone a Bitch), Jason Bateman (Who plays a more comical version of his character from The Gift), Amy Ryan and even Melissa McCarthy. As for Kevin Hart, Kevin Hart is Kevin Hart... Enough said.The film itself is formulaic, two polar opposites bond over a case they work together... The formula of every buddy cop movie out there. At the close the Rock gives a speech bout being who you are and standing up t bullies, if the film could have maybe delivered that message better or at all then we could be looking at a better film here. The film just felt a bit bland story line wise.My biggest issue with this film is that it feels censored. I can't help but feel that with 2 major studios backing the film that there must be some major studio interference taking place. There are many scenes that I felt didn't work because of cuts and edits to create a 12A film in the hope to widen the films audience. This is a film that definitely needed a certificate boost to be more entertaining, the humour needed to be ruder for Kevin Hart to work and the action needed more blood and detail to grip an audience. The film just felt tame and too safe and so not particularly entertaining, plus the ending was cheesy as hell God Damn.Overall Central Intelligence is a film that I feel was ruined by studio interference. The high point is definitely the Rock (but when is he not?) as he plays a different character to what you would expect pretty well. The story is unoriginal and the humour works on occasion but ultimately the film falls flat. What this film needs is a 15 rated Directors cut which I pray Rawson Marshall Thurber releases. The film isn't good but on the bright side it doesn't look like it has completely hit Rock Bottom.
4 "The 5th Wave" is the umpteenth version of a post-apocalyptic scenario that has all but taken over pop-culture since the turn-of-the-century (or, more specifically, the attacks on 9/11). In this case, it's a race of mysterious aliens who, in an effort to take over the planet, are eliminating humans one "wave" at a time (destroying the power grid, creating massive earthquakes and tsunamis, spreading fatal epidemics, etc.). The screenplay focuses primarily on one Ohio family, and, specifically, their teenage daughter, Cassie (Chloe Grace Moretz), who suddenly has to find ways of surviving in this new and dangerous world where everyone is out for him- or herself and, thus, no one can be trusted.As they pass through desolate, auto-strewn landscapes that look like they came straight out of "The Walking Dead," Cassie and a caring (and dreamy) stranger (Alex Roe) - who saves her life at one point and rehabilitates her to full health - go in search of her missing little brother. And, speaking of TWD, since the movie can't fit any ACTUAL zombies into its narrative, it partially compensates by at least having a character NAMED "Zombie" (Nick Robinsons).Ah well, after a few moments of fleeting interest in the early stages, the movie quickly settles into a predictable and boring series of teen drama, alien invasion and end-of-the-world tropes. And with its open-ended conclusion, we're left wondering (or is it dreading?) if there will be a 6th wave in our movie-going future.
4 Despite what I had hoped, it seemed inevitable for Universal studios to bring about another Despicable Me movie to compete in this summer's animation flick. The series has been incredibly popular with merchandising, despite a film series with an up and down quality. Gru and company are back for another round to try and tickle our funny bones while melting our hearts in the process. Will time number four (three if you don't count the prequel) return back to the quality of the first predecessor, or does it fall victim to merchandising simplicity? Robbie K here to try and answer that question! Let's get started!LIKES:Animation/Cute: We all know that these movies are adorable, and that same atmosphere is present through much of the movie. The relationships between Gru and his Minions, and his newfound brother Dru, and even lovable little Agnes and her new family are certain to soften the hardest hearts. And to bring that cuteness to full form is the lovable, fluid, and crazy animation of this series. All the disproportioned anatomical parts, colorful settings, and vibrant gestures are flawless in this movie and bring that same atmosphere you fell in love with. Funny/Clever: Of course Despicable Me isn't just about being cute, but also comical at the same time. It seems the directing team learned something from their first movie, and did a nice job bringing entertainment to the silver screen. Despicable Me 3 dives back into its comedy roots, maximizing on awkwardly hilarious scenarios and over the top comedic delivery. Gru (and Dru) spout off plenty of one-liners that had me laughing, in those grossly accented, over the top accents that make me laugh. The writing is not only well-timed, but also quite clever in the number of references they make alongside the pokes at popular culture. Even the Minions redeem themselves, falling back into a supporting role that changes up the comedy styles and brings even more laughs. Such nice balance works and is a step in the right direction for future series, especially with the jokes integrated into a story instead of just jabbering nonsense.Music: If you have read my previous reviews, then you know I appreciate good sound support to the visuals. Certainly, the sound editing goes well with all the crazy visual effects, but the real masterpiece comes in the music. Balthazar Bratt is an 80's obsessed villain, see the trailer, and with this obsession comes a love for the 80's songs. Despicable Me 3 is not shy of the wonders of the decade, in all their toe tapping, synthesizer heavy glory. I was happy to know all the songs on the track list, and appreciated it even more at the clever integration into the movie. Sure, there are some stretches into the silly section, but for the most part my friend and I had a blast enjoying the teams' integration into the movie that was incredibly fun!DISLIKES:Smaller Character Development: It was cute, it was cuddly, and it had some strong moments of development. Yet Despicable Me 3 still cannot hold a candle to the majesty of the first film in regards to balance of the character development. Gru and Dru's story is well matched, and the main villain has a tightened-up story. Yet, the development of the other characters remains lacking at parts, forced at times into a rushed mess that felt shallow and lacking. Gru is doing well with his fatherhood, but the third installment somehow washes the caring father role away in favor of the newer relationships, such a shame. In addition, I didn't feel the emotional kick like I did back in the first installments as well. There was one point I felt sorry for a side character, but outside of thatnothing. No Dr. Nefario: It's unfortunate, but true. Fans of the notorious, invention making, gas filled madmen are going to be disappointed with the lack of his deep voice and obscure lines. Sure, there is a cameo (that is quite entertaining), but the absence of the side kick was a disappointment to this reviewer and the hilarity that could have ensued. Oh well, perhaps the next one will bring him back into the mix, but don't get your heart set on anything. Trailers reveals much: Why can Hollywood not learn to sell everything in the trailers? Despicable me 3 falls victim to much being revealed in the 3-4 TV spots that have been released. Pay attention to these trailers and you will be able to decipher the intentions, schemes, and outcomes of much of the movie leaving little to the imagination. And yes, there are many comedy moments that have been overdone on the trailers, which may chip away some of the effect. Shame on you advertising for revealing so much surprise. Fortunately, if you are free of TV ads (thanks to streaming), you are okay. The VERDICT:Despicable Me 3 was a fun, family friendly adventure that I very much enjoyed. With a fantastic sense of comedy, revamping of storytelling, and animation to support it all, I certainly think this entertainment worth watching. Yes, it still has its shortcomings in regards to emotional punches, character development, and surprise, but this reviewer feels the positivity contained in the 90 minutes will make up for it. Worth a trip to the theater? You bet it is, but no so much in 3-D as it did little but to add the coming at you from the screen gimmick. My scores are:Animation/Action/Adventure: 8.0 Movie Overall: 7.0
4 A comedy about a Dictator meeting his young female pen pal perhaps has thepremise to be a fairly funny film, unfortunately this movie completely missesthe mark. As much as I wanted to enjoy this film it simply is not funny and one has to wonder why Sir Michael Cane would find himself co-starring insuch a poorly scripted and low budget film.
4 I was excited about the show but after watching the first episode, it felt like a copy of glee and high school musical but lacked personality, the acting was not very good. This is my personal opinion of course but it fell flat.
4 My expectations coming in to see Gran Torino were very high and it certainly did not disappoint. Of course Clint Eastwood reputation has only gotten even better since his recent success as a director but this time it his performance that leads the way.Clint Eastwood had if not the best performance, one of the best performances this year. His performance was vivid and magical to watch. Vivid may seem like a head scratcher of a word to use but his way of displaying his maliciousness, antisocial and cynical attitude to the many people around him including his family. Yet over the course of the movie his attitude changes towards a Hmong family who are his neighbors. When one of the boys (Thao) from the neighbors' attempts to rob him of his Gran Torino, the family sends him to work for Walt (Clint Eastwood) as punishment. While Thao works for Walt, Walt begins to form a protective fatherly type bond over Thao. In this way as well Eastwood's performance is very vivid showing how his cold bitter attitude can transform into a very warm selfless demeanor towards one family.Gran Torino was also written and directed very well. Especially since a relatively unknown cast played to beyond anyone could have expected. Some how Clint Eastwood manages to continue to maximize the potential of the material he is given.This was a very heart-warming film in my mind throughout. The ending of the film is probably more of an ending to Eastwood's career as an actor rather than that of the movie itself. It does not leave him in the place he is looked at as a vigilante but rather in the place of the man that stands up for his morals and for the people he is loyal to.
4 "The Divergent Series: Allegiant" is another part of this too long and boring franchise. The saga of Tris and Four and their friends is repetitive and predictable, using clichés and special effects. The screenplay is poor and stupid. For example, David is capable to close doors and remotely controls the city; why does he need someone to release the gas in Chicago? The worst is that the story does not end and there will be another sequel to gross more money for the producers. My vote is four.Title (Brazil): "A Série Divergente: Convergente" ("The Divergent Series: convergent")
4 It started well, though. Mysterious last will and testament with missions to accomplish... Adorable french Canadian accent (I'm french, I love what our cousins have done with our common language ). A Quebec thriller, yeah !Rapidly, first eyebrow raisers... What Arab place are they talking about like everyone should know about it ? Never heard of it...Then you realize the Arab country they are going to is just an archetypal Arab country, non existent. A caricature of many seen-on-TV Arab countries... OK, why not, I suppose Americans (as people living on the American continent) have a lesser history burn with Arab countries than Frenchs, for example, do, and have no problem building a make-believe Arab country just for the sake of... what? At this point, I supposed the filmmakers wanted to make some point about Arab or religious wars... or terrorism... ? Since they are Canadians, not Unitedstatesians, I was hoping maybe for a not so obvious / good vs bad kind of story... But I was really wondering what was the purpose of all that.The story goes on, civil war, religious war, slaughter, all fake, all archetypal, OK, but to what end? What's the point?And then, you finally get the answer, at the end of the movie, with one unforeseen big plot twist.And then you realize the Arab story is absolutely irrelevant. The same plot could have been set in any archetypal place with a credible history of violence and torture... South America? Former Yugoslavia? Caucase? Heck, actually, since the prison/torture part is altogether sufficient to hold the whole movie, the very same movie could have been set just about Guatanamo (and viewers would then believe for one hour they were watching a anti-US movie, only to realize at the end the total irrelevance of all that)At the end of the movie, you get that astonishing plot twist, which makes you realize the vast vacuity and uselessness of all the side stories you have been watching for the past hour. But, OK, what next ? What to do with that extraordinary situation ?Well, nothing. Movie ends here. Tadaaaa.And loopholes appear : there's obviously a wrong choice of actors : one of them should really look like twenty years older that what he looks like. The lawyer, since he wrote all three letters, should have understood much earlier the whole thing: it never shows that he knows more than the others participants to the quest. Weird.Good acting. I loved the actresses. The boy is deliberately annoying, and he does annoy me, so I guess he is a success too.On the whole, a waste of time, the feeling of having been cheated, using a deceitful setup for a story that could hold in three lines.I do suggest, instead of watching this movie, reading the Robert Heinlein 1953 short story "All you zombies". On the same kind of twisted plot, that gem makes this movie looks... petty.
4 Tons of teen movie & drama has been produced in the last 20 years, some of them produced good results and others not. 90210 belongs to the second category. I didn't have high expectations on this drama, first of all because it lacks of originality and almost all the remakes and spin-off doesn't succeed to get the same quality of the original (why people can't have original ideas even if they are payed to do it?!). When I see it I thought "what is it?!...a collage between BH90210, the OC and the last TDramas that have been produced in the last years? And the actors... are they really acting? Am I the only one who looks at them and see that they are stiffer than a dummy, than a mannequin" My Advice? If u want to see a good telefilm 4 teen and enjoy yourself for an evening watch One tree hill, the OC, Dawson's creek, Buffy or if u're nostalgic watch again the original Beverly Hills but pleeeease don't look at this lame show.
4 Ten years after Stacker Pentecost (Idris Elba) helped close the breach in the Pacific Ocean, his son Jake Pentecost (John Boyega)returns to the Pan Pacific Defense Corps to help train a new crop of Jaeger cadets in case the Kaiju return.Our take: Don't waste your time.Post credit scene? There is a "beginning of credits" scene.If you haven't seen the first one, don't worry this movie gives you a quick recap in the first 60 seconds. At the same time, if you haven't seen the first one, watch it instead of these 111 minutes of giant "Rock 'Em Sock 'Em" robots.The first movie was not without its faults, but at least it was watchable. This sequel has none of the heart, emotion or intrigue that the first one had.What made the original film exciting and interesting was the newness of it all. It was a new take on the Kaiju genre. It was a new and interesting way to utilize giant robots. The aliens were cool. The doomsday anticipation was intense. The talent was impressive - Elba, Rinko Kikuchi and Charlie Hunnam (as Mako Mori and Raleigh Becket respectively) were strong in their roles and helped viewers ignore any missteps the film made. And sadly, no sequel was ever going to be able to capture any of those things in the same manner. Even so, we expected more than the bad writing, hanging plot points, and poorly-developed characters and lackluster relationships that we got.Boyega is fairly believable as Elba's offspring - except for the fact that the character came literally out of nowhere. And while otherwise there's generally nothing wrong with his portrayal and he's decently charming, he alone does not have the Elba charm to carry a film surrounded by weak castmembers.Scott Eastwood (as Nate Lambert) is nothing more than a pretty face in the film. He doesn't fit his role as a soldier and commander and certainly doesn't play well off of Boyega in the role of frenemy/buddy. But the lack of chemistry doesn't stop there. Cailee Spaeny is quite impressive in her debut role as Amara Namani, yet the character ultimately falls flat due to the same lack of chemistry with Boyega. Her storyline basically amounts to a poorly copied reiteration of Mako's story from the original without any of the heart. And while the rest of the teen actors aren't necessarily bad, they are also not utilized much in the film, have zero backstories or character development and ultimately serve as nothing more than plot devices needed to drive robots. Even Charlie Day (as Dr. Newton Geiszler) failed to impress.There is one improvement from the first film and it is the cinematography. The fight scenes are beautiful to watch and are masterfully staged. Yet, without a half-decent plot, coherent dialogue or emotional stakes, they aren't worth the two minutes of occasional thrill. On top of that, this is the first film where we can actively say the sound mixing is genuinely treacherous - while the dialogue was nothing to write home about, we did want to hear it and that was made virtually impossible half of the time.Featuring: A female character that has no purpose except to facilitate an unnecessary love triangle that isn't even explored.
4 Since her successful starring debut in Train Wreck back in 2015 Amy Schumer's career has taken a precipitous hit and it gets only worse in this predictable one note comedy meditation about the beauty within us with the abrasive Schumer more or less reprising the same slightly depressed semi sloven character to be found in her other leads. With an acting style that is no more than an iteration of the stage persona of droning sarcasm and whiny observation Schumer repeats it here with the nuanced same character to be found in 'Wreck and Snatched and it is beyond stale at this point. She does briefly move from her self pitying mope state when she bangs her head at a gym in the films linch pin scene that allows her to be obnoxiously confident for awhile as she struts about believing to be of incomparable beauty. But most of the meager humor is extracted by way of supporting characters and extra reactions to bombastic Renee's (Schumer) outrageous narcissistic turn which wears thin fast. With whatever talent she had Amy Schumer has more than exhausted it after the abysmal Snatched, the stomach churning stand-up special (The Leather Show) that followed and now this banal chic flick that if it does not push the coarse comedian's movie star career over the cliff certainly has pushed it to the edge.
4 I can not believe, I am going to be the first review of this film on IMDb. Cool! OK, to the review...I saw this film at the Cannes Film Festival (Loved the festival and Cannes!) So, I and many others waited for at least an hour to watch this last showing at the festival. The movie starts off with a bang - two people pleasuring each other! And intermixed with the pleasuring there's arguing and lots of it. This movie is sex scene after sex scene with a little bit of plot in between. This film was also in 3D, so the "moneyshot" was a bit too real. The characters are somewhat interesting, but the motive behind the relationships are very fragile. And I am not quite sure about the end. It is rather ambiguous. For the longest time, you have no idea how anyone is affording to live in Paris and what they do besides have lots and lots of sex. After a while, it's not even sexy sex. And, to my surprise, plenty of people walked out of the film well before it ended. I am glad I saw it. It was an experience, but "Porn"...I mean "Love" wasn't exactly a good movie. Also, I can't see this film playing in American theaters. Even with strong editing, it'd be extremely graphic.
4 I have strong feelings when it comes to 'Suicide Squad', which I absolutely hate, due to its embarassing tone changes between the first twenty minutes and the rest of the flick. I would have liked to see David Ayer's original cut. But after 'Bright' I'm pretty sure, 'Suicide Squad' wouldn't be better in its proper form.'Bright' is filmed in a grim an dark way, which is cool in the sense, that it's a fantasy world, but with realism. And for David Ayer that means, that Orcs don't represent Orcs, but other real life stereotypes, which is laughable as soon, as you see all these Orcs with hoodies and s*it. But adding to the ghetto-lifestyle, they're still having magical rituals. Do one of both (pls the magic thing) or let it be.The Elves were pretty f*cking cool. They represented the rich people and elvtown reminded me of the capitol in 'The Hunger Games'-Saga. The strongest aspects of 'Bright' is the super interesting worldbuilding (at one time you can see a dragon in the background, but it's still the gritty modern city - awesome) and the fantastic costumes and make-up work.The world building is present in just the perfect portion. Sadly the main pretentious story about racism and police violence (while being the most gun-porn you can be) just falls flat. With another story to introduce the viewer to this wolrd and other characters, it would have worked much better. Will Smith's character is somewhat likeable, but I think just because it's Will Smith looking very Will Smith all the time. Joel Edgerton's orc is pretty awesome, but he also makes dumb decissions. And you are stuck with these two characters, who change their opinion on each other after every scene, but it's a buddy cop movie of some sorts, so they gotta become friends along the way, right? I think, and that is pure speculation, David Ayer just really loves cops shooting more than necessary and so the interesting story of an orc cop in a modern city with fantastic creatures gets minimized to gun porn with racism and a slight mystical background story.Joel Edgerton's Orc looks very stunned and not happy about his first murder, but after that he just shoots people left and right, so what is the point of even setting up that 'I don't like to kill'-vibe, when nothing comes with it. At the end there is even an embarassing scene were all the other orcs finally accept him as a cop and it's bad and cringey. So it's supposed "arc" is bulls*it, but we obviously like him, beacause people treat him bad and he's ultimately has a good heart.For people who think, that an orc-cop movie can only be a comedy: you will be vastly diasappointed and embarassed for the attempts at humour put to screen in 'Bright'. Only after the big end fight there are some good lines and even a little bit of chemistry between the main duo.So in the end I think the world of 'Bright' has potential, but only if in the hands of another director, who has more heart for the fantasy part of this movie and less for the non-entertaining violence. And maybe with other protagonists, but with the predictable revelation at the end, they will stick with Will Smith an his Orc-friend (?).
2 It took me three separate sittings to get through the movie. It was so boring and why was it so darn long? There's no other way to put it - the movie was not funny. I love all comedy and all types of humor. This movie was just not funny. Make it 90 minutes, cut to the chase - in this case, the comedy. No need to do so much character development. We should know your character within the first few minutes. If your movie is a comedy then make it a comedy. This movie tried to get kind of dramatic and realistic. The other thing that was painful about this movie is that Amy Schumar is not very attractive, and the role she plays is a promiscuous girl who has one-night stands with hot dudes. This story had me cringing, and yet I don't think I would have been cringing had it been played by another actress. In general the acting was not good.
2 First of all, I'm not a fan of people who say the actions of characters in movies are stupid or illogical, or that no one would actually behave in that way, because usually they are talking about a situation that they have never personally been in, and more importantly, all people react differently to situations so who are we to say how the characters should react.That said, these characters' actions are too absurd to be believed, and the only reason for such behavior is to further a silly plot. For example, the women held captive is going to bop the captor on the head (who is holding her hostage with a gun) and knock him out several times throughout the first 30 minutes of the movie, at which point she could easily grab the gun and be in control, but for some reason she repeatedly tries to run, at which point the captor magically awakens and catches her again, only to be hit and knocked out again, and so on and so forth. Furthermore, it becomes clear right away that the captor knows she is concealing her identity by repeatedly asking her name and getting angry when she answers, "Cathy." So everyone knows she is not actually Cathy... but Cathy fails to realize this and is flabbergasted that he keeps asking who she is. She was arguably the most frustrating and annoying character to listen to, but one also has to wonder why Luke Evans does not just stop asking her name and reveal that he knows exactly who she is. It's stupidity of both characters in order to try to build suspense/mystery that really ends up being irritating.On top of all that, the ending is quite unsatisfying. If you thought all this nonsense was building up to some awesome twist or revelation, you'd be wrong.
2 The saddest part of this mom/daughter duo comedy, is that Goldie Hawn had to participate in this stinker after being away from film for 15 years. She should have stayed away, as she still had the chops to have gone out on top, but now she unfortunately will be remembered to have been involved with a very, very, bad movie. Shumer can't roust laughs with another regurgitation of genital based humour, nor can she seem to even improvise; something which should come easy to her as it's any comedian's bread and butter. The reaching for jokes is insulting enough for the viewer, the forcing of a very bad script adds to the hurt. With a story-line that makes little sense at times, we are exposed to characters who seem to have little to do with the plot or are devoid of character development in the example of Wanda Sykes and Joan Cusak playing a gay couple (we can't even be sure of this) with special ops training, spoiling for a fight they never get. Or the incredibly handsome, mysterious "James", the man who creates the love interest for Shumer. He takes her out for dancing and adventure, and then disappears after they are "snatched" to only sheepishly re-appear tied to a chair later in the movie (Sykes and Cusak grab him), admitting to his role in the plot. This is an example of where we are left wondering, why is a gorgeous Australian guy like this trolling pool bar lounges at resorts in Ecuador looking for low to mid- income mother/daughter teams to kidnap? And for what purpose? Do the kidnappers think they are wealthy? Is there some mistaken identity here? If so, nobody told the viewers! In this movie, Amy Shumer's character has no job, and Goldie Hawn's performance revolves around a husband-less retirement,and taking care of three cats. I apologize for being a stickler about having some kind of organized plot, even though its the aim of movie makers to take you on an adventure when you go to the theatre. It's difficult to take this mildly seriously when it makes no sense at all. There is absolutely nothing which feels real in this film, other than the stringing along of stupid characters and less interesting jokes and attempting to weave it into something interesting and funny. The attempts to create some type of chemistry between Shumer and Hawn as a mother and daughter with different visions of their relationship doesn't get us there, and we realize quickly we're watching a film with gold medal attempts to "force' their situation on us, and hope it works. In all, the simple facts are the the writing is poor, Shumer just isn't funny, and Goldie is a sad reprisal of herself, lowering her talent to match both of these unsettling characteristics of the film.
2 Having worked in Saudi Arabia, I was really looking forward to this film. But it fell short in just about every way. Historically it was dreadful (starting in 1914 and then "going back" 12 years - by my simply maths this is 1902 - to have a toast to Queen Victoria by an embassy official is nonsense since she had died in 1901!) The acting was hackneyed and Nicole Kidman, though trying very hard, was totally unconvincing. Numerous people have pointed out the howlers such as the wrong language being spoken, reading from left to right, and handling food with the left hand; and how on earth did she keep her skin lily-white while riding through the desert. At the very least she could have expected a somewhat red nose and face! But the main criticism must be the script which was so predictable and puerile and laughable and lacked depth in any way whatsoever. A great shame as much of the location and images were lovely - and I could even believe some of the scenes shot in Morocco and Jordan were actually shot in Saudi.If you like desert scenery you may well enjoy this film, just so long as you don't think for one moment this biopic reflects reality.
2 I was very eager to watch and hoping for a hit. It did not take long to be disappointed. The technical adviser, if they had one at all, needs fired and replaced immediately. It is obvious that this cast has not had any basic firearms training but are trying to be passed off as SWAT team members. My expectations for a TV show are very low for actual tactics but this is horrible. Zero effort. Next they chose this absurd story line based off of the "Hollywood" liberal PC agenda.....make some effort of realism. White police officer accidentally shoots innocent black kid, white team leader fired without an investigation and replaced with a black junior team leader.....give me a break. I will watch the next episode with some hope of improvement but I believe that this show will be lucky to last a full season.
2 This was possibly the worst film I have seen in a very long time. Not only were the jokes absolutely terrible the characters were so immature you genuinely didn't know whether they were the parents or the children. Will Ferrell played his typical childlike male figure which is amazing for films like Elf or Step-Brothers but when you need to be acting like a parent? No good. It seemed like Amy Poehler felt the need to then act exactly the same as Ferrell and to be quite frank she was awful! But, I can't blame the actors for all of this god awful movie. It just felt like no one knows how to produce, direct and act in films anymore.Please don't waste your time.
2 This is the movie that happens every year that isn't good, but wins critical acclaim by being distinct and including a child actor. It's disturbing, but without the tact required by the writing.Now to spoil things. A woman is held hostage as a sex slave for seven years and at some point has a baby boy, who she convinces the "Room" is the entire world. During this they play uplifting music and it is absolutely tonally daft. Once they escape Room they are better off. Then, "Ma" feels bad about how horribly she treated her son and thus tries to kill herself, to make it all better.Also, the boy in this movie looks and sounds exactly like a girl and has long hair. So I'm expecting maybe "Ma" lied that it was a boy, so her kid wouldn't be a rape target. Nope. Toward the end you realize it's a boy, and you go, "Whoa, why was I distracted by that for absolutely no reason?"Then, they revisit Room. And Ma feels better. Because going to where you were repeated raped for seven years makes you happy. Absurd, ridiculous, fantastical film that is unintentionally insulting.
2 Aside from the usual tired premise, every scene felt like every other movie in this weak and tired genre. The dialogue was weak at best and constantly littered with religious allusions. Haven't we had enough of this? And why are these characters housed as if they're corporate CEOs on holiday? Seriously, a pool in every home and McMansion features around every corner? Isn't the world about to end? The whole thing was stale and tedious from the outset.Another science fiction failure.
2 Money Monster tells the story of a TV show host named, Lee Gates(George Clooney). Gates, his producer Patty Fenn(Julia Roberts) & the crew of the TV show, Money Monster, are in for an unpleasant surprise, when an enraged & dangerous investor named Kyle Budwell(Jack O'Connell), enters the TV studio. Kyle barges into the studio, armed with a gun. Now, it is up to Lee Gates & Patty Fenn, to comply with Kyle Budwell's demands or, it is dire consequences for everyone involved with the TV show, Money Monster. Money Monster is a superb film. It is thrilling & dramatically intense, at the same time. Director Jodie Foster has done a masterful job, in maintaining the suspense & building the tension, throughout the film. Foster's directorial skills, are as good as her supreme acting ability. This movie keeps you on the edge of your seat & keeps you guessing as to what's going to happen next, right till its shocking climax. The reason this film is so good, is due to its unforgettable performances. George Clooney is outstanding as Lee Gates. Clooney portrays his character's growing anxiety & fear, flawlessly. Julia Roberts is spectacular as Patty Fenn. This role, is another feather in Roberts' cap. Jack O'Connell's portrayal of Kyle Budwell, is the highlight of the movie. O'Connell showcases a variety of emotions in quick succession, in his portrayal of this conflicted character. Dominic West is great as Walt Camby. Caitriona Balfe is impressive as Diane Lester. Giancarlo Esposito is awesome as Captain Powell. Christopher Denham & Lenny Venito are excellent as Ron Sprecher & Lenny(The Cameraman), respectively. Emily Meade is amazing in her small but significant role, as Molly. The supporting cast, is effective as well. Money Monster is a must watch, for everyone who loves edge of the seat entertainment.
2 For those who think this is a good show you are wrong. It should be called CSI:No emotion. Not one person shows any emotion for what is going on around them. Caruso was a good actor, but not anymore - I can tell you how he rolls as Horatio. While in interrogation, he whips off his sunglasses, flips his coat back as he puts his hands on his hips, says some smart ass remark to the criminal and then rolls off camera. End Scene. The chick that plays Calliegh is good looking, but I have seen people that have just got botox injections have more facial expressions then she does in one episode. Jonathan Togo looks like a the robotic brother of Gregg of CSI, who is constantly flawed, and the guy who plays Eric has a look on his face like he is constipated. The stories are not that good and the characters are laughable. This show is bad. To say it is better then CSI and CSI:NY someone is smoking something that impares their judgment. Give Gil Grissom, Mac Taylor, or even Ray Langston a try. You will definitely enjoy them much better than this piece of dung.
2 MASSIVE SPOILER ALERT!!!! Part of the appeal of this sort of a movie is to see the REAL bad guy get his comeuppance. The real bad guy was of course - Gates. Even more so than Camby and certainly not Kyle (he's just a whiny "Never been told I'm wrong" Y-Gen loser) Gates is a ring master at a freak show. The decadence of Wall Street and reality TV show meets game show of the Money Monster is atrocious. I needed the climax to be that Camby was exposed but it all got watered down and the consolation prize to our emotions was to see Kyle gunned down. It cheated me - not Kyle.The movie was OK but Clooney - I dunno. He's not an action star, not a comedian, what the hell is he? For me the most overrated actor in a generation. Speaking of overrated - Ms Roberts takes the cake. So the choice was more about box office appeal than substance.I'm sure the NYPD would have plenty to say about the way police procedures were portrayed. While I'm watching it I'm thinking 'it's just a movie. It was so 'staged'. Zero character development. Zero empathy for anyone other than maybe Kyle (a bit) and what the hell was that scene with the girlfriend?? Was it comedy relief? They would have cut her off with the first sentence. That, by the way, would have been more artistic and funnier.I'd have liked the relationship between Clooney and Roberts to have mirrored Ed Harris and Mary Elizabeth Whozis from "The Abyss" but that would have taken time this film didn't seem to have.Love you Jodie - maybe better next time. This was average at best and tragically, could have been better.
2 What happens when we take some of the strongest young talent around, mix it with a script that has limited use of some of the most recognized words in the English language, manages to avoid an NC 17 by some miracle and asks the audience to leave their brains outside? You get this offensive, tasteless, and mentally impaired movie.Loosely inspired by various comedies we have seen before but without any redeeming quality or grace, we witness a family that hasn't somehow killed any of its members, treat each other with the utmost disrespect and seems only concerned with coming up with the next opportunity to use foul language supposedly to keep the audience believing something funny is happening. I'm not against hearing a colorful word, but it's like using spices in the right amount, and pretty soon we're burned and bored.Here's a movie that makes the younger generation look pretty useless and dumb, Hawaii becomes a rather plain scenario because all of its charms disappear as we are confronted with every possible display of vulgarity and ignorance. There's not a single clever, cute, or funny moment. Well, maybe the reconciliation of one of the couples is a fresh moment of fresh air but that can't overcome the prevalent stench.There are issues with the proper use of language, too. As far as I know there was a man in the massage scene, but people kept using the feminine term. If that slipped by, I wonder if it was just intentional or just another instance of the effort to come up with anything memorable. All through the movie I was waiting to for a surprise since Zach and Anna were there, or maybe some of the inspiration would follow one of the leads from his hit TV show. An absolute waste of time, money, and talent. Stay away.
2 I had a Rough Night seeing this film (Ba-dum, tsh!).It's a comedy but all of the jokes and gags I remember from it are ones that are well past their due date. Toilet humor, creepy swinger couple, STD jokes, bad fake accents, and the dumb selfish best friend that ruins the main character's life and acts like a hypocrite just to name a few. There's also much pop culture riddled throughout the film which will likely already date this film within the next couple years or so, such as when the film tries to make a jab at president Donald Trump by having a fictional political candidate who gets praise for posting dick pics to Twitter.Scarlet Johansen is the highlight of this film, which is faint praise considering what I think of her performances in Ghost in the Shell, Lucy, and Sing, and the character's friends are almost entirely intolerable and if this were reality she would be best off without them, but of course this movie has to be about how friends are the most important thing in the world even when they're self-centered alcoholics who literally get off with manslaughter. It's a minimum-effort dark comedy which fails to do both at the same time, which is quite important to do as the two tones literally clash with each other and the movie has to backpedal to try to remind you it's a comedy.YouTube comedy musician Bo Burnham also makes a minor appearance in this film, and he ends up being both more funny and charismatic than the actual male lead in the film despite his limited acting experience.There is very little in terms of plot in this film. It's Weekend at Bernie's with women instead of men. The movie ends with the cliché sort of happily ever after type ending, confirming the characters are all terrible people and having them gloat in being rewarded for it.This feels like a product made by machines and algorithms rather than actual human beings, and just perpetuates the stereotype that women are unfunny.
2 So this is a movie about the 15:17 to Paris?! Well, a few minutes of the movie are actually spent in the train but the rest is a bunch of scenes patched together that it makes me wonder that the movie has been approved by a studio. We see the 3 main characters childhood and honestly I didn't care about it at all. Some typical bullying in school, everything was pretty pointless in terms of characterization. Then the glorious "join the military" phase and some scenes at the military, nothing new, more pointless scenes, I couldn't have cared less. Later then the trip to Europe - as somebody who grew up in Europe and traveled to all of those locations I have to say the shots in Europe were poorly made. I don't know if that's Mr. Eastwoods fault or who was responsible - for somebody who has never been in Europe you get the wrong ideas - everywhere. Funny as always - people who are supposed to be Germans speaking with a nice American accent - but that's in almost all American movies.Finally a few scenes on the train, the terrorist gets disarmed in like 2 minutes, some drama then about a guy who got shot and then we have some kind of emotional moment when actual footage of French President François Hollande presenting the three men with the Légion d'honneur was used. I found this movie was a waste of my time, Mr. Eastwood was more entertaining when talking to an empty chair, the three real life actors are no actors (which is not their fault) and of course what they did in real life is admirable. The movie is not.
2 Leave it to Hollywood to try to take a great original film and jazz it up with their politics and false polish. First let's toss in an interracial relationship and class structure to give everyone a teaching moment. Then lets change other details to make things seem even more compelling, dramatic and extraordinary. That's because the original film, which was great, just wasn't amped up enough.In the original film we watch a detective who has had a friendship with the DA. There are questions about "what if" regarding a current between them but, what drives the film, is the retired detective haunted by a crime he could not solve. A beautiful woman is raped and murdered in a terrible fashion and her lover is overcome with incredible sorrow. His reinvestigation into the murder also connects him with his loose end in his search to answer both questions. And the cast and script is riveting.In this film that doesn't happen. The person murdered is the daughter of one of the investigators, which goes unsolved. And then a team member returns many years later to reopen the case and question about the grieving mother and former team member and her zeal to find the murderer.I give it 1 star because I have to. I give it another star for the fact that I've seen much worse. But it is a tragedy that this film tears down the greatness of the original. On the bright side it isn't as pitifully bad as Spike Lee's Oldboy remake, which could be one of the worst ever. This is along the level of the remake of Spoorloss into "The Vanishing." Rip the essence out of what makes the movie great and try to throw your spin on something that really doesn't need fixing at all.
2 Guess she ran out of jokes to steal. This one falls flat with cringe worthy dialogue and is basically just a standard cheesy romcom. The occasional one liner will get you to chuckle but not very often.
2 I loved this movie so much. Compared to the original, it definitely matches up with the horror. However, the new one had better pacing and a better plot line. I feel that when young actors such as Bailee Madison are able to execute a horror movie like she did in this movie, it makes it ten times better.I was able to actually like the characters in this movie; there is amazing character development between the brother and the sister.10/10: definitely recommend.
2 I gave it a 2 only because I have seen worse, but not many. I'm a fan of all forms of sci-fi/fantasy, and honestly, it doesn't take much to entertain me enough to at least sit through the entirety of a show/movie. I almost made it through this, but just couldn't manage the last 15min. The acting was bad, the story was worse, and the dialogue in general was horrible. Even some of the commercials were written and acted out better. The main "bad guy", Maximus, was one of the worst villain type characters ever. (vague semi-spoiler) When told people are plotting his death, he basically tells them to stop and walks away. At which point, I also walked away.
2 I am not a fussy person when it comes to movies and I was irritated by this one within less than 20 minutes!! I found Amy Schumer's character pretty vulgar and crude...and not in a funny way. The first eight minutes of listening to her, really made me want to turn the movie off and it takes a lot for me to feel that way, kind of like nails down a chalkboard. She also portrays her character very superficially, which normally does not bother me too much, however when it's coupled with unnecessary cursing every 2 minutes, along with a vulgar tongue...it doesn't come across well. Vulgar is not funny, especially in women! It's trying too hard to try and be funny. Tilda Swinton's character was even worse, she was obnoxious and also vulgar, two very difficult qualities that make it hard to watch.I did not laugh once (and I laugh at most comedies) and did not enjoy any part of it!!
2 Many people think Scorsese is a great director because he is a skilled craftsman who produces a clear realization of his own weirdly fractured vision. Given the reverence with which some people treat his work, any criticism may be viewed as sacrilege. However, this film is filled with wooden, cartoon characterizations of real people. They do very ugly things to each other, but without any understanding of their motivations.The movie drags on far too long thanks to countless scenes that should have been shortened or cut (e.g., the endlessly long prison kitchen scene). The transitions between different phases of the movie are abrupt and without explanation. For instance, the transition to drug addiction and trafficking comes out of nowhere when the main character pulls pills out of his pocket and swallows them on his way to jail in a limousine. No drug use is shown or even hinted at prior to that scene.While the movie certainly progresses over time, and there is definitely plot development, the cardboard characters don't really change, and every scene seems like a repeat of something we just saw. Unlike "The Godfather," to which this film is sometimes compared because they both depict the "inner workings" of the East Coast Mafia, there is no deeper insight into any part of the human condition, and only the shallowest revelations about why the Mafia even exists. The only thing we are given -- explained in clumsy narration at the end of the movie -- is that all the participants are drawn to each other because they enjoy a sense of belonging: of being "good fellas." While the irony between that explanation and the extended depiction of these beautifully bonded people eating their own is certainly acknowledged, in the end none of it really makes sense, and we are reminded of that too-frequently quoted Shakespeare line:It is a tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury Signifying nothingMacbeth was clearly talking about Goodfellas.
2 During the Normandy landings during WW2 two brothers are killed.  In another part of the world another of the Ryan brothers is killed in action, leaving their mother with one remaining son and three telegrams due to be delivered. A group of men, led by Captain Miller set out to reach Private Ryan and not only break him the news but to safely return him for return to the US.What can I say  it is an excellent film despite some minor flaws.  The plot is based on a real life situation during WW2 and allows for us to follow a group of men as they take part in the horrors (and humanity) of war.  This is the film's strength and it is never stronger than in the first 25 minutes and, to a lesser extent, the final 20 minutes.  The opening of the Normandy landing is simply pure emotional power and is really well done  it is so powerful that the actual plot itself is a bit of a letdown.  I love Band of Brothers because the focus was on the war and what it was like to be involved rather than a sort of soap opera story.  Here the plot is still very good but can't really follow that opening.It also sinks into sentiment a tad too often.  For example Ryan's mother lives in this sort of Norman Rockwell painting that is Spielberg's vision of middle America.  Also there is a little too much use of gawkish dialogue as well  although it's hard to criticise the death scenes for being emotional, because they should be.A minor flaw that is easy to get over is the lack of Brits.  Like Band of Brothers (which had a few cockney accents) this is an AMERICAN film  so of course they will focus on the American experience.  However it would have been nice to have some British (or any other) voices or faces among the Allies.  I can understand why the film opens and closes with the stars and stripes and why the film focuses on the yanks but a little bit of perspective would be useful.  There's nothing wrong with focus  but when it totally excludes huge bits of information then it's a problem.  It always makes me think of the way that Michael Caine took his children back to the UK when they were taught in an US school that WW2 started in the 1940's (ie  when America joined).However this is a minor flaw as, in fairness, it's an American film  why be surprised when it's focus is Americans!  Of the cast Hanks is good  he is much more subtle than his Oscar roles where he played to the crowd.  He benefits from having a great support cast of good actors, current actors, old faces, up and comers etc.  Sizemore, Burns and Farina are the good current actors.  Damon, Ribsi, Diesel, Martini etc are all very good on the way up  although Damon has one of the simplest characters.  They may all be slight stereotypes of Americans but it's not a major flaw  just a screen writer wanting to cover all bases I think, although it does grate that they cover all these backgrounds but can't squeeze any other Allies in to the edges.Overall it is excellent despite some stereotyping, US flag waving and the usual Spielberg love of sentimentality.  Even if the actual plot is flimsy Spielberg expertly puts us as close to experiencing the horrors and the humanity within war as I hope we'll ever be.
2 Not worth your money! Probably one of the most random films I've seen that doesn't make any sense.The only thing worth watching about the film is Zac Efrons face and body - it's an amazing body but not even that could save this film. Don't worry ladies, if you get hit in the face by a quad bike the day before your wedding, all the bruising and swelling will be gone for your big day! Another weird part of the movie is the very random massage the bride gets. One minute the girls are bad then good then bad, makes no sense! Also the bride takes drugs like oh OK that's fine to take these from you! Didn't find the film funny, it's search for laughs but doesn't deserve any. I actually got bored watching this film. Absolute rubbish!
2 I guess I fell for the marketing, and I have to admit the idea behind the film still seems OK. The 3D effects were good & not overdone. On the other side: I found the script / plot to be thin, and the acting and voice overs were terrible. I got the idea this was a movie made by an American director who was trying to make a 'european' style movie but didn't succeed. Afterwards I read the director is French (born in south America).The movie lasts more than 2 hours, but there is no suspense, no buildup, etc. Karl Glusman (the lead actor) is not credible in this role, the emotions don't seem real and his voice-overs are even worse. His character begin a 'movie director' or something of the kind seems almost irrelevant and implausible.After an hour, the movie started getting tedious as it was obvious this 'wasn't going anywhere'. I don't recommend seeing it, unless you're only interested in the raw sex in 3D (but remember... it's more than 2 hours you have to sit through).
2 Comedy is dead. Baywatch has made me lose any hope of any movie being funny in 2017. If this is the best Hollywood can do, they are done for.There is no inspiration or creativity to be found. The idea is: Hey, 21 Jump Street was hilarious! What would happen if we did the same thing for (fill in the blank)? 21 Jump Street was one of the rare occasions where a TV-adaptation film was worth seeing, and ultimately, ended up being better than the source material. What was Baywatch originally? A horrible TV show in the 80's. It existed only to show off the glistening, bouncing, beautiful bodies of it's lead actors David Hasselhoff and Pamela Anderson. There isn't much material to make a film off of. That is, unless, the filmmakers went nuts and turned the source material into an absurd farce.. lets say of the Will Ferrel variety. Instead, Baywatch 2017 is a lopsided, painfully stupid, unbearably dull, cringe- inducing insult to the intelligence of the filmgoing public. Pain and Gain had more nuanced humor. Mike and Dave was the funnier Zac Efron movie. Let that sink it.I might have said, "This makes no sense", out-loud in the movie theater about 10 times. They made a film completely out of action-comedy clichés, strung together incoherently. The big laugh set- pieces are desperate. One joke in particular is a genital mishap lifted directly from "There's Something About Mary". That joke is 20-years old. If you're going to be a thief, at least steal something timely. The cast might be the only positive thing I can note. They are all really charming, and sexy to look at, but at what cost?I couldn't think of a worse film to be slated for Memorial Day weekend. This is going to be a long, hot summer of Hollywood failures.
2 People made this film up to be the best marvel film of all time, some of the cgi in this film was ATROCIOUS, sound track was mixed and horrible, and the concept of the film was over all stupid."so like we have this resource called vibranium, it never runs out and it fuels our entire society"it wasn't worth going to the theater to see african tribal people spear fighting over popcorn. The only reason it has 2 stars is because it had a connection to the rest of the marvel universe which is well established, and filmography wasn't bad. but of course filmography is good, its a MARVEL movie
2 What I love about Agatha Christie novels is that under the elegance is always a dark secret. I read Crooked House many years ago, and I loved this adaptation. The scenes are beautifully set in the family's manor house and 50's London. The cast, from Glenn Close as the family matriarch to Max Irons, who does a great job as the young detective with an old soul, is excellent. They manage to make each character its own mystery, which contributes to the suspense as you try to figure out who the murderer is. The style makes it both typical of Christie and reminiscent of film noir, with a touch of Downton Abbey.
2 Never mind the horrible acting and gratuitous gushing about how hot Vin Diesel is (at age 50 with sagging arms.. or whatever), how all the girls want to have sex with him and he's happy to oblige because he's Xander Cage who wears a fur coat in the summertime, the plot of this movie is about a device that can decode anything (seems to be a frequent theme these days, this has to be the 4th or 5th movie I've seen that has a device that decodes anything) and it's being used to crash satellites into the Earth with pinpoint accuracy. Now I don't work at NASA or Space-X and I don't have a degree in aerospace engineering, but I am pretty sure you cannot guide a satellite through re-entry to a pinpoint location on the Earth. Even if you could, it's not like it would be a hydrogen bomb like this movie portrays. It would disintegrate and land all over the map in pieces. But no, it gets sent to earth like it's being fired from a rail gun. The orbital decay would take forever even with assistance. Then you have the stunt where Xander has jumped, sans parachute (because parachutes are for wimps) from a plane that he was able to get positive thrust to weight ratio on (basically a C5 sized plane full of cargo and electronics) to accurately intercept a falling satellite and yet was still able to run out of the plane somehow and freefall, and somehow catch up with a cargo container of which had a fouled chute. He freed the chute just seconds before it hit the ground, and it created an explosion, yet out he walks like a boss. Then of course Ice Cube has pinpoint accuracy with a grenade launcher with grenades that have a very small blast radius.Rewind back to the highway battle where Donnie and Xander are fighting and suddenly the guy who jumped 200 meters (distance between buildings IRL)through a glass ceiling, and took out a room full of spec ops guys with ease, has trouble fighting an old broken down Xander Cage. This is the same Donnie Yen who couldn't be shot by a dozen security specialists in a small room but could be shot by one old woman who he knew full well was pointing a gun at him. The bad guy... wait, what? Who was he? Did it matter? The beach/island where the super duper secret assassins go seems to be in South Beach Miami, all the bars and live music and such.. and so hard for them to find. What was the crazy guy's role, to crash a car? Really?I almost vomited in my mouth when Vin kissed the Indian girl. He's like old enough to be her grandpa. So now you can drop a fully automatic weapon and it just discharges a full magazine and doesn't even spin around? So you can rip out a high voltage electrical conduit and plug it into a device to power it up, like it's a USB phone charger?So motorcycle tires have enough tread to act as propellers? Wouldn't it have been easier to just have wet bikes?So a motorcycle with a combustion engine and normal intake can run underwater?So a group of Delta Force soldiers can be hooked up to a cargo block without any of them knowing it, while Xander is walking around them?So you can jump from 100+ feet to the ground and as long as you have skis you'll be OK?So 3rd world countries have skateboards that use bearings that can survive 50mph rides down winding paved roads? So they have an airplane that can circle the globe x number of times without needing to refuel but they land it every few minutes?So somehow a mechanical device that attaches to your forearm increases the strength in your upper arm and chest to create stronger punches?So a 90lb woman can scale a tree with a 20lb sniper rifle and hold it steady with her off hand for 30 minutes while using the scope to watch the crowd, as she's hanging by sheets from the tree?What was up with DJ guy? Oh look, a talented night club DJ who people just like, he'll be an asset. Movie sucked, really really really hard. I think they knew it, and laughed after they made it wonder who was stupid enough to watch it. This guy..
2 An account executive (Rudd) discovers the only way for him to get a promotion at his company is to find his own "special person" (Carell) and invite him to a company dinner. If you go off just the main 2 stars alone this is a must rent. This is one of those movies that come out where the script alone has a chance of being really funny, but it all comes down to casting. In this case the casting of every part, even the little ones, is what pushes this movie over the top into one of the funniest movies that has been released in a while. It's hard to imagine what the movie would have been like with out Rudd and Carell but I'm guessing not as good. This part seems written for Carell, he plays it perfectly and it is his funniest role since Brick in "Anchorman". The one downfall of the movie is that it is entirely predictable (most comedies are), but it is still a fun ride till the end. It seems like every comedy since the "Hangover" promotes itself as "The funniest movie since the Hangover", this one can actually live up to that standard. A definite must watch and I dare you not to laugh. I give it a B+
2 Slow made me fall sleep feel like there was story to this film
2 Well, it's over. For some it's sad. No more shirtless Taylor Lautner (he strips all the way down to his skivvies in this one). No more cheesy- looking CGI that laughably tries to convince us that these vampires are kin to The Flash. No more horrid acting. No more horrid writing. Yes, gone forever is the cheap-shot money-maker that is "The Twilight Saga" soap opera. In the latest episode, which amounts to nothing more than an unenthusiastic excuse to showcase every person who was ever in these films and convince us that the "saga" was something bigger than it was (it's not), we wave goodbye to all of these things one last time. Sometimes, what looks great in your head as you read it in a book just doesn't work as well on the silver screen. This is a prime example. But sadly, no one really cares. This meritless movie franchise made money off of a brand, and that's all. What a waste of a pop-culture phenomenon. Oh well, I hear they're already rebooting it.-Thomas Bond
2 'I haven't had sex in 15 years and I wanna f*ck! f*ck! f*ck! f*ck!''Oh, so that's what this is all about??'Yes this is what this movie is all about, Robert De Niro's dirty grandpa character who has just lost his wife of 40 years, is now revealed to be a foul mouthed, booze obsessed pervert who wants to f*ck young girls. Its up to the young, clean cut and unaware Jason (Efron) to escort him from Georgia to his Florida retirement home. Aaand that's your movie in a nutshell people, sound familiar? Well that's probably because its been done a sh*tzillion times before.I mean honesty, who thought of this? who green-lit it? The entire concept is so cliché and dated, an old grandfather figure that turns out to be a dirty, loud mouthed, profanity spewing perv who also just happens to be an ex-special forces type so he can also kick ass if needs be. This of course means you're gonna get a sequence where he does indeed kick someone's ass much to the surprise of Jason his grandson. Naturally of course, the fact that grandpa is an ass- kicking, alcohol machine, means that the grandson character must be a total goodie goodie, a real preppy nerd type because its the perfect equal polar opposite match-up. Completely and utterly predictable, clichéd, corny and unoriginal, the characters literally lay out the ground plan for the plot without even having to write a single word of dialog for them. And yes you've guessed it, that plot simply revolves around lots and lots and lots of binge drinking at parties, girls in skimpy bikinis, pool parties, beach parties, drinking, drugs, lame pranks, drinking, sex, nudity, drinking, jail time, muscle flexing and plenty of drinking. This is basically the modern frat boy flick minus any originality because frat boy flicks were a staple diet back in the 80's. So this odd pairing drive off on this road trip of sorts in an attempt to reach Florida. God knows how far they actually get because the entire flick is taken up with the duo getting into various parties so grandpa can try and get laid. This is against the wishes of a shocked Jason of course but he usually ends up getting tricked or drugged into it, then winds up enjoying it, then winds up waking up somewhere hungover and naked...or in jail, take your pick. The whole time Jason is also trying to hide all this outrageous behaviour from his very sexy, yet very prudish fiancée and his conservative parents. Anyway all I know is at one point they get to Daytona beach in Florida, no clue how they got there or how far they still had to go, but who cares.Now in all honesty the casting for grandpa Dick with De Niro is pretty good. De Niro is the obviously the perfect age and he has that perfect persona where you're not really sure what he's actually like, he could easily be a dark horse. To that extent De Niro does the job well, as we know he's great at swearing and being tough, he still looks pretty tough, and he fits the rough ex-services persona well also. For all intense and purposes he could easily be playing yet another mobster type in a comedy, he never really swings too far from that schtick. As for Jason played by Efron, well to be honest the guy is too good looking and too muscular for this part. He isn't too bad with his comic timing and everything (surprisingly!), but when it came to sequences like the 'flex-off' on the beach and when he's generally topless, he's way too ripped! That's not a bad thing but I really think to get the right comedic affect they should of cast someone without a good physique, with bad hair, someone who's a bit geeky looking. That would at least be a good opposite to the rest of beach/party going extras who are generally all sexy boys and girls. The fact that Efron is way hotter than all of them kinda makes most of the sexual innuendo gags fall flat.I must point out one character played by some bloke called Jason Mantzoukas. Oh my f*cking God this guy was so f*cking annoying I could of killed him, literally killed him. Who is this guy? Where did he come from? Why is he being cast in movies? Is he supposed to be a funny guy? Holy sh*tstains this guy was dreadful, completely unfunny, everything just fell flat or totally missed the target by miles. His whole drug obsession spiel was just so f*cking clichéd, so old, so not funny! Yeah its so cool and amusing to do drugs or pretend to do drugs ha-ha-ha! Jesus Christ I was giggling at sh*t like this when I was a kid back in the mid 80's. Then you have the two corrupt cops, one male and one female, played by whoever, I don't care. Once again, completely not funny, not even close, just cringeworthy on every level, literally amateurish.Yeah so bottom line, this is a piece of sh*t, an unfunny piece of modern day movie garbage. Not even De Niro or Efron's perfectly tanned torso can save this, its dribble of epic proportions with not a laugh in sight. That is of course...the thought of seeing De Niro's cock in Efron's face sounds good to you? Or 72 year old De Niro's character having sex with a supposed 20 something college student (Lenore) and then having a kid together (making Efron's character the uncle to his grandfathers newborn son and a college slut his new grandmother). Oh and then there's the real classy dialog between grandpa Dick and Lenore...'You're gonna tsunami on my face', 'You're gonna flood like the Nile', Nice.2/10
2 Wow, I have to admit to being really quite disappointed with this instalment of the Blade series. Two days after watching the film I can barely remember much of it at all. The first two were exciting, with punchy dialogue, impressive villains and most importantly, a hero, the man himself, Blade.With Trinity we have no idea who this particular group of vampires are, their social standing, history, source of their power are all a mystery. They were just plonked in the film to raise the ultimate bad guy from his crypt and provide someone for Blade's latest sidekicks to pulverise-badly.And then we have the ultimate bad guy, Drake, who isn't remotely imposing, let alone terrifying. Big boots to fill and I really don't think this guy is up to it. I was looking forward to someone imposing, sadistic, gleefully evil in fact. I didn't get it. What this guy reminded me of was Ram-Man from He-Man, but less frightening to his enemies.The only reason I gave this film 4 and not 1 is for Hannibal King (Ryan Reynolds), who steals the show from Blade the second he comes on screen. While Blade potters through the film not saying or doing much that I can remember, apparently this is whats called "brooding", King manages to keep all eyes on him.King gets all the best camera shots AND lines. As far as I'm concerned this was his film and should have been a Blade spin-off and not another episode. Ryan Reynolds is far and away the star here.
2 Why Do We Watch Movies?We watch movies to be entertained, to be educated, to be moved.My husband and I recently went to see "12 Years a Slave". It was, quite bluntly, dreadful. The movie was based on the personal accounting of Solomon Northup, a free black man, who in 1841 was abducted and sold into slavery. I did not read his book, but judging by what I have read, the movie did not follow the book very loyally. What a shame. I think I will read it now, if only to redeem a story so deserving to be told.I do not profess to be a producer, a director, an actor, or a cinematographer. I do not presume to state how this film could have been better. I just want to tell you why I did not like what could have been one of the best movies of all time. I am a middle-aged, white, Canadian woman, and it is a testament to our society that I actually have to qualify that. I am so grateful to not have lived in an age of slavery. No man has the right to enslave another, and to have lived in an era where one race habitually and acceptably treated another as less than human would have been excruciatingly abhorrent to me. Slavery is wrong. Slavery is evil.I have no doubt that many aspects of slavery in the 1840's were accurately depicted in this film, and it truly had all the elements of a classic, with a compellingly profound story and phenomenal actors. However, the direction was horrendous, the screen writing decimating. The protracted, paralyzingly boring close-ups and shots of gazing at trees were not evocative or artful, but only served to sap the life from the story for me. Added to that, the excessively prolonged moments of having to watch Solomon tap-dancing at the end of a noose, and the constant, brutal whipping scenes made my feelings of pity and disgust and rage almost dulled to the horror. The cinematography could have been so much better. Settings are characters unto themselves in movies, and instead of bringing to life a Louisiana in the 1840's, I was treated to long minutes of Spanish moss waving in the breeze. It was dull and lack-luster, and added nothing to the film.The only reason I gave this movie two stars instead of one (zero not being an option here) is because of the memorable performance of some of the actors.Chiwetel Ejiofor's depiction of Solomon was excellent, considering what he was given to work with. The screenwriter's stripping treatment of who Solomon really was was very unfortunate. From what I understand, he was intelligent and resourceful, used his ingenuity to enhance the lives of his fellow slaves, and was actually forced to be a slave-driver himself for a portion of his enslavement. Including this in the screenplay might have given his character much more dimension, and shown me a man who I could actually root for, instead of just pity immensely.Lupita Nyong'o was extraordinary as the young slave, Patsey, and is an actress to be watched for in future.Michael Fassbender is always brilliant, even in crappy movies. This performance was no exception. He was evil incarnate, and made me suspect that Master Epps very likely had syphilis, so crazed and bizarre was he portrayed.Paul Giamatti does sleaze so well, and here he did not disappoint.It must be noted that I was downright embarrassed that Brad Pitt as producer cast himself in the role of the big white hero, his acting no better or worse than usual.Perhaps the best performance was that of Paul Dano. As a white-trash overseer with middle-management power and impotent rage, he made me believe what these men might truly have been like in the times of American slavery.How sad I am that this movie was not all it could have been. In the end, did it make me think? Yes, but for all the wrong reasons. Was I entertained, educated or moved? Sadly, I was not.
2 So boring I could barely get through it. Maybe that was the idea. . Dahmer led such a dreary existence that his psycopathy was intensified. I also found it annoying that they tried so hard to make Dahmer's little loser entourage out to be these "witty cool kids" and Dahmer out to be some sort of Napoleon Dynamite (another incredibly dull movie) type character that you're supposed to relate to and have empathy for. I'm sure they thought they were exhibiting some fascinating realism, but I'm sure the actual reality was far more ordinary and far more interesting. I now have zero desire to read the graphic novel.
2 You have Idris Elba, Matthew McConaughey 8 books of material, and you put together a 95 minute movie? I absolutely hate that critics have to hold their reviews on these movies so the public cannot be forewarned. Its like restaurant critics not being able to tell you the food is dog meat until after you place your order. Then there are those fans who loved the books, so they delude themselves into thinking the movie is good enough. Frankly the history of Stephen King material and film is a mixed bag. The Shining is obviously superior, but when's the last time you dug out Dreamcatcher? It just continues to shock me how inept some of these productions are.
2 Roman Israel is a nasty, bumbling lawyer who doesn't have the personality, patience or wits to appear successfully in court or even represent a client. And, yet, he is supposedly a savant who can write legal pleadings like no one else.Please. It's all nonsense.From getting into a meaningless fight with a judge at a preliminary hearing (where he should have asked permission to make a record -- any paper pushing "savant" would know that), to giving the address of a murder suspect to get the reward (in cash -- as if), Israel proves himself to be both an incompetent lawyer and an ethical disaster.And a street punk who murdered a shop owner and is picked up based on a tip by Israel for the reward requires more than a suspension of disbelief. It requires affirmative stupidity. First, this street punk has the wherewithal to hire somebody to stalk and kill Israel. Sounds like the street punk has enough resources to avoid robbing shop owners. And, second, the reward gets paid before the conviction of the street punk? Rewards are given for the "arrest and conviction . . ."I'm not sure who the technical advisor was on the film, but there are numerous legal errors which could have been easily corrected to make at least that part of the story more believable. At least until the end. The last scene, where Roman's masterpiece is filed in federal court, bearing his name (posthumously, it is inferred) as lead counsel, is impossible. Filings are now required to be made electronically.But Gilroy doesn't want facts or reality to get in the way of a good story. Problem here is -- it's not a good story.
2 There are/will be more people here who would argue this movie is getting bad reviews because people are biased towards Schumer. Don't listen to them. This is simply a bad movie, full stop. Utter drivel without any redeeming qualities. Honestly, I could be a bit more eloquent in this review but I realized by now it's not even worth the time - so I stop wasting bits on this right here. Don't waste your money (nor your time) on this.
2 Brilliantly acted, superbly written and as one would expect from a picture by Martin Scorsese, it is a masterclass of directorial craft.Showy when it needs to be, but also quiet and contemplative. "The Wolf of Wall Street" is the equivalent of something like "Good Fellas" or even more so "Casino" but set in the world of finance. The suits might be more expensive but the people who wear them are just as sick and violent as their street-mob counterparts. Sardonic in humor and unflinching in showing the depravity of its characters, it marks somewhat of a different approach to the world of stock-trading than Oliver Stone's "Wall Street".Where Stone seems more in line with Bertold Brecht who considered theater (or in this case film) a moral institution, does Scorsese take the position of the omnipresent observer of the dark side of the American and in many cases the human dream.Leonard DiCaprio gives another stellar performance of great intensity and even greater tragedy while this tale of corruption, greed and self-righteousness unfolds.It's a vast panorama that shows how during the last twenty-five to thirty years gullibility as well as our innate greed make all of us accomplices in this never-ending pyramid scheme far away from any reality.One could almost hear Scorsese's clerical background come to the fore again, according to which nobody is without sin, and therefore we are all susceptible to corruption.It is our decision on which side we choose to live that makes the difference. For every individual but also society as a whole.
2 Yes, talk about bad sequels. Rick Moranis stars in this awful third sequel to the once-funny-and-entertaining "Honey I Shrunk the Kids". The concept basically plays the same way as the first film, but with the adults instead of the kids being shrunk and the inner house instead of the garden as the universe to explore. If you think this sounds interesting, think again. The movie is boring at best, right down an embarrassment at worst.First of all, the continuity of the series has been completely flushed down the toilet. The only remaining actor of the first movie is apparently Rick Moranis. The actress playing his wife has changed, the actors playing the kids have changed, the ones playing the neighbors have changed... you name it. They try to make us believe this is the same family, but the results are puzzling to say the least.Second, the story is a rehash of the first one, with not one bit of originality. All the few jokes (and there's barely any) and the dangerous situations presented in the movie are just copied straight from "Honey I Shrunk the Kids".Third problem, the special effects. I'm sure this has been done on a smaller budget, but they are pathetic, way way worse than the ones appearing in the rest of the series. You're supposed to admire in awe these tiny figures exploring the huge domestic area, but you'll probably end up cringing most of the time.Fourth problem, to locate the action inside the house is just boring. Only few things happen, and when they happen, they are not thrilling at all. The first movie was amusing because the kids were dealing with nature, the grass, and the bugs that live in it. In this one, the adults (which come up as rather boring, compared to the kids) deal with dust, a cockroach and a cockroach trap. Disgusting.I don't know why the idea of releasing such a trite sequel to the already moribund series appealed Disney's executives, except maybe because they needed to cash in without spending five minutes thinking about something new. I'm warning you: leave this tasteless cash-in garbage where it should stay: getting dust on the shop's shelves.
2 for those of you who seem to think this movie is terrible, you are quite closed minded. just as you have grown up with the originals, many children have grown up with this movie, i myself being one of them. this movie came out when i was seven i stil find just as enchanting now as i did then. i also grew up with the originals from my parents and still enjoy those. the old black and white films are not going to appeal to every child out there, which this movie was targeted at. in my opinion, this movie was meant to slightly bridge a generation gap. parents wanted their children to see this movie and, yes, relive their own nostalgia. it was marketed towards the kids and you have no right to judge a movie that you haven't grown up on and have seen as an adult. perhaps if you were a child when it first came out, you would appreciated a little more. i think it was a great idea for the film makers to remake these classics because it does bridge the generation gap a little bit more. obviously those of you that have seen it, its because of you nostalgia towards the old ones, or because of you children. either way, you should have great respect for those who inspired this movie. that future children will be able to enjoy it. i hope they do keep making remakes so one day my children can enjoy them as much as i have. their are some movies that you can't compare remakes to, one of them is casablanca. worst comparison ever.
2 There are millions of comedies like "Private Benjamin". They are like TV shows that turn out the same joke week after week, (and "Private Benjamin" itself turned into a TV show). The best ones work and stay in the memory, not because the jokes are great, (though sometimes they are), but because the players are good and can develop the characters beyond the mere limitations of the gag. ("Frasier" and "The Golden Girls" fall into this category).The jokes in "Private Benjamin" are not particularly original but they are funny, and they are funny because there is a near-great comedienne at the heart of Howard Zieff's film. With the right director Goldie Hawn's kookie, goof-ball wooziness was just about perfect and Zieff brings it out. Her character is the kind of woman who needs a good shaking, (Bette Davis would have made mincemeat out of her), but you love her all the same. At least until she starts making a fool of herself with Armand Assante's French sleaze-ball and the film loses it's comic momentum.There is at least one other grand-standing comic turn from Eileen Brennan as Hawn's drill sergeant. Brennan's like a slightly butcher Mae West, (I think we're meant to assume she's a lesbian), and she gives her lines the kind of inflection that West did. Between them they raise the ante on this one.
2 Despicable Me 3This movie was weighed down by a lot of problems, but before I get to that I will say that I did not hate this film by any means, it's just not very good.Problems:1. The whole "brother" concept is good, but it shouldn't have been set up in this movie. It should have been set up in the first one, or the end of the second at the latest.2. This problem I refer to as "the politics of film," because the studio did not acknowledge that they are going to far with this series. The minions stole the show in the first one, however the studio kept pushing it on audiences by over-commercializing them. They somehow became the face of Illumination Studios, and they somehow managed to get their own unnecessary origin story movie. Universal should've stopped while they were ahead with the first Despicable Me. 3. I do not like it when a series will reuse jokes, in this case the "unicorn being so fluffy I'm going to die." It was funny in the first one, but in this one it felt forced.4. The villain, Balthazar Bratt, felt way too underdeveloped. He got about four minutes of an origin, which resulted in vague motivations and just another generic, one-off villain.Overall: Save yourself from this mess
2 Less than 12 hours later and I've pretty much forgotten about this remake of a 1990's sci-fi, though this was trying to be more like horror. Five unconvincing medical students carry out a deadly experiment on each-other, they use some obsolete hospital equipment to briefly stop each-others hearts to experience 'life after death' with some sinister dreamscapes and then revive themselves after 2 minutes. Apparently dying and resuscitation gives you superhuman intelligence and a need to party. I'm surprised none of them became latex wearing superheroes. The plot was so poor, I couldn't help laughing where it was trying to be most scary. Besides some fairly good special effects and smoking hot Nina Dobrev, this film is not interesting, not exciting, not thrilling, and wasn't scary at all. Not worth seeing.
2 This movie was a big disappointment for me. The trailer made it look like it might have some substance to it but alas no. With Al Pacino, one of my two favorite actors of all time, and Karl Urban, a fellow kiwi of mine, I thought it would be at least half decent. Poor script, poor acting on all fronts and just nothing worth writing home about. Pacino does seem to be doing more and more stuff that seems like he is just paying the bills these days. I would disagree with another reviewer here about Wind River though. I thought that was pretty lacklustre also. Haven't seen Snowman so can't comment on that one but as for this movie I can honestly say give it a miss.
2 Profound studie of the human psyche. Honest story about nooks of existence and vain hopes. Anatomy of helplessness and deep solitude. Life as convention, mask for feelings and expectations.Another room of Bergman's universe. Same cruel instruments, game of flash-backs and dream sequences, visions and memories. Fight between two women as screen for interior struggle. Impact of consciences and lights of sin. Illness like armour against fake images and empty future. Confesions like way to be yourself. Like cries suffocates by silence of the other.Story about refuse and cages. About dreams and disillusions. About chaotic values and flavour of extinction. People as rabbits for experiments. The other like sign of salvation. And the question of soul."Persona" is an act of confrontation between Ingmar Bergman and God. The silence, the cruelty of letters, the cries and the confessions of Alma are only guns in a strange and ambiguous war. So, any film of this great director is a religious personal answer to permanent subtle fear. In this case, the shadow of divine presence is the Liv Ulmann smile.
2 If I were able to post a one or two word review, it would either be agenda or uncanny valley. Everything I feared this film would do, it did. Indeed in a couple of places it even referred to the (*spoilers*?) the slave trade! Seriously? In the 21st century you are going to refer at least twice in the same film to the slave trade - which BTW if you follow the film's premise would NOT have affected Wakanda as they were cut off from the rest of the world!The main character of the film is T'Chala - a character so depressingly dour and serious, he could be a candidate for depression. You have his younger sister - who is CLEARLY being geared up as effectively riri from the comics - she WILL be the replacement for Tony Stark! To best describe her, she is a light hearted Q from thee James Bond films - I liked her, she was fun, lively, bright, as a character a real find.Andy Serkis was excellent, but far too underused - Michael B Jordan's "big bad"? I understand the anger, I don't get his ultimate goal - makes NO sense. The female bodyguards were the nearest thing to Mary sues in the movie. Really - beating up men TWICE their size with the SAME military background?I MUST discuss the CGI. This is a MASSIVE problem.Sure Wakanda looks spectacular, but so did Asgard. It's the motion of the main characters that is the problem. It seems that whilst they can get stationary objects (buildings etc) virtually spot on now, the same can NOT be said for dynamic ones. If you have watched any of the trailers, you'll know what I mean when you see Black Panther do his somersault The dynamic CGI characters look crystal clear, whilst the real life objects have a faint blur to them. You can just see where the live action starts and the CGI ends. If the cars were CGI as well you wouldn't notice the difference so much, but it IS there, and because it seems 90% of this film is CGI, in the end it becomes very annoying.as for the claim that this is unlike any other Marvel film - I beg to differ - unless you refer to how insular the whole film is, as it is based almost entirely in Wakanda. Which could be acceptable, until you realise most of the action took place outside of wakanda - in the remaining 5-10% of the film!Winter Soldier was CONSIDERABLY better than this. Guardians was better and more fun! Avengers had greater scope.Ragnarok was funnier.I know EXACTLY who this film was geared for, and it was NOT for your typical Marvel comic book movie fan. it had good points, The tech wiz sis has major potential, Wakanda looked spectacular (if you ignore the poor water animations (the ripples in the water looked cut and paste, watch MOANA for how water can be animated!) The soundtrack bore no relation to the action (action scenes sounded the same as the quiet moments!). But the worst "crime" was the agenda it pushed. There is NO Excuse for this, as they PROVED they can have strong storyline in Winter soldier.So if you want a film with a dour dreary lead character, lots of uncanny valley moments, and LOTS AND LOTS OF POLITICAL GRANDSTANDING with no payoff, then this is the film for you!Just remember The Godfather / Goodfellas / Star Wars / Schindler's List all barely broke 90%, yet THIS is supposed to be 100%! If you don't think the ratings for this are agenda driven, I've got a bridge to sell you!I do NOT want a Black Panther 2 - I think the days of single super hero movies are done
2 I really didn't like this movie. Not because of the gore, not because of the language, but because of the pacing, the acting and most definitely the ending. The movie went on for two hours and they left it hanging at a really stupid time - if you're going to purposely leave the ending hanging, leave it at a time point where it's a bit ambiguous and up to the viewer how it ends. But they left it hanging at a point where it's pretty obvious what's going to happen next, but denying the viewers the chance to see the story wrap up (why????)The pacing was terrible. You hardly got a chance to feel and know the characters before things were happening. You felt no sympathy for the girls, who you saw for maybe a few minutes before they got abducted. You didn't share the mum's grief because her acting was so obviously forced. The guy who gets tortured and beaten was (surprise surprise) completely innocent, which was obvious right from the start. The dad is only ever shown stony-faced or blowing his tits in a rage, except for towards the end when his guilt over bashing up a guy who's clearly innocent makes him get stressed and say a few lines of prayer, and then torture the kid some more. And at the end when he finds out the culprit is the kid's aunt, he doesn't even show a single bit of remorse over the horrible thing he's done. Also, the aunt: really? Urgh, so obvious. So tired of the same old formula in every thriller movie: killer turns out to be the one you least expect, someone you were introduced to at the start of the movie, and the crazy story behind them being the unlikeliest killer in the world is revealed only at the end. Halfway through the movie I used that formula to deduce the only person who fit it was the aunt, and prayed to God that this movie wouldn't follow the same boring cliché. But it did, even though they ended up adding a possible suspect later whose storyline they didn't bother to explain and whose purpose was simply to try and lead us off the right trail when they brought out the 'it's the aunt' card right at the end. What was with that guy? Why was he obsessed with pouring pig's blood on kids' clothes? Nobody cares, apparently.Movie makers - if you're going to make the main character some sort of antihero who's morally ambiguous, who does awful things out of desperation, who thinks they're doing the wrong thing for the right reasons, actually put in some effort making us CONNECT with this character. Show us his human side, show him feeling guilt and remorse, show him with his head in his hands saying 'what have I done?', show him feeling worried as hell about his daughter, show him co-operating with the police because he realises that's his best chance of getting his daughter back. Give us a better reason for him taking the law into his own hands than just him thinking he's better than the police at judging who's a criminal and who's not. Show him TRYING to act like a decent human being before succumbing to his emotions and going ballistic. Show him doubting whether what he's doing is really right at all. Show that good side as well as the bad. REALLY show it, because the few moments he showed a sliver of distress, he seemed more angry/upset that the kid wasn't talking than that he may be doing something awful. Because this whole movie I was almost hoping his daughter would die just to serve him right. I felt more hatred towards the father who was alternating between praying to God and torturing a mentally disabled kid than the woman who abducted his child. Epic fail.
2 Aside from the gross profanity and coarseness, vulgarity, obscenity, impropriety, etc., it leaves no message, no moral, no lesson, the acting was bad, the plot was bad, and to top it off, it wasn't even funny. The girl who uses God's name in vain just goes to show that anyone is willing to let their kid take an acting role even if that means he has to blaspheme and use God's name with utter disrespect. This is by far the worst movie I have ever gone to. I would give it zero stars if it allowed me to.
2 Another helping of Nic being and doing Nic. I'm struggling to remember anything this century that Mr cage has done that warrants any merit. One must assume Mr Cage needs the money and will take any part, ultimately a self-defeating circle of decline. The film is had some good ideas its just a shame the dialogue made me want to defecateNic seriously man give up now whilst people still fondly remember you as a once Hollywood A Lister
2 I cannot finish this movie,From the first 5 min of the movie, the very start, you already know it's gonna be bad, and i liked the first maze runner, and sorta enjoyed the second one.So why is it that bad ?Every god damn action is far fetched and obvious, there's no surprise, it feels like it's written by a child...From the awful enemy's aim that kindly avoid hurting the main cast because they're not allowed to perturb the story-line, to the cliche turn of even, every action leave a bitter taste. The story main story might be great, but the detail are poorly written, which makes every scene difficult to believe in, and for that reason, it takes a lot of determination or stupidity to finish that movie.
2 Bad Moms (2016): Dir: Jon Lucas, Scott Moore / Cast: Mila Kunis, Kristen Bell, Kathryn Hahn, Christina Applegate, Jada Pinkett Smith: Bad movie plainly with a gripe about the tiresome schedule of motherhood. Mila Kunis as Amy Mitchell is the one passable character in this garbage. She caught her husband engaging in Internet sex so she kicks him out and discovers her schedule getting tighter. She makes friends with Kiki, played by Kristen Bell who is meant to be quirky and funny but just comes off as plain annoying. Kathryn Hahn as Carla advocate the need for sex within nearly every word that emerges from her mouth and it grows old quick. Christina Applegate and Jada Pinkett Smith are a total waste as antagonist school board bullies intent on pushing their agenda to the point of even stashing marijuana in the locker of Amy's daughter. The premise is rushed and the structure is predictable and boring. This is bad in more ways than one with two directors committing to a choppy and uninspiring job with production values straight out of the worst of direct-to- video bargain bid deals. Sure, it has a worthwhile message of the stress of motherhood, especially those balancing a job as well but the results here are embarrassing. The film concludes with the actresses sitting with their mothers discussing their upbringings. That is better than anything that appears in the film. This is clearly a film aimed at mothers and for them I say, good luck. This film is lackluster with no sign of an existing screenwriter. Perhaps the mothers could have gathered and wrote something that wasn't this bad. Score: 2 ½ / 10
2 7.75 of 10. Insightful film into why the Middle East is structured as it is. Based on the true story of Gertrude Bell, it brings history to life, even though it could have used a replacement for Nicole Kidman playing Gertrude as a young woman. Nevertheless, Nicole and makeup and post-production smoothing actually makes her look much younger than you'd expect and it doesn't detract from the film as a whole.Set while the UK was still the empire of the world before and during World War 1, it's not a war film. It gives a look beyond the religions into the cultures and ways of the region. It also shows a rarity at the time in a woman explorer and writer having a great deal of impact on the politics of the region.Surprisingly relevant to today's ongoing conflicts in the Middle East in addition to the underlying animosity and lack of respect for Germany in Europe that may have provided part of the source for World War 2 and Germany's animosity for the people of the region.The other surprising element is the exploration of how people entertained themselves and communicated in the early 1900s. It's a world without phones, radio, TV, computers, and the Internet.
2 I absolutely loved the first movie. I was interviewed by a local newspaper for an unrelated thing and was asked to provide my favorite movie and I said Pacific Rim. I have loved this movie since it was released in 2013, the best worst movie ever. Uprising however could not have been more disappointing. I have watched the first movie upwards of 10 times and there is not enough money in the world to make me watch even a minute of Uprising. The unbelievably terrible dialog and lack of chemistry between all characters was soul crushing. What made the first movie great was the lack of plot and awesome fighting. This monstrosity took all the things that made the first one awesome and destroyed them over almost 2 hours. It was an irreverent mockery of the serious and gritty tone of Pacific Rim. There were numerous points in the film where there was opportunity for a motivating speech or a selfless act of heroism but all of those were squandered with poorly written jokes or even more poorly written anticlimactic statements delivered with next to no emotion (see when Amara Namani says in the face of impending death "at least we get to save the world").The end of Pacific Rim left us with a world in chaos and the Jaeger program disbanded. The beginning of Uprising puts the unfortunate viewer in a world where magically, AFTER THE WAR, the incredibly costly Jaeger program was reinstated and a CRAP ton of new Jaegers have been built, then almost immediately all but four were destroyed. I just wish I had been in the room when someone thought that this was a good idea.Amara Namani was portrayed admirably by Cailee Spaeny but some GENIUS decided to give her an almost identical backstory to the great Mako Mori. What moron thought first of all no one would recognize this and two thought it was a good idea. The only redeeming part of this entire dumpster fire was the twist involving Charlie Day. Aside from that everything, including the CGI which in Pacific Rim was unbelievably amazing, the dark and rainy settings of the multiple Kaiju fights and the compelling speech by the inspiring Stacker Pentacost (played by the man who SHOULD be the next James Bond, Idris Elba) was almost unwatchable.If you have a free 2 hours and are thinking of watching this film, watch some grass grow.
2 I absolutely love JCVD. He's one of my movie heroes and I'll pay to watch anything he's in... But this one is quite bad. Horrible script with even worse dialogues. You can't help but laugh at some parts. Not even JCVD's charisma, and Tyson's guest appearance can make the almost 2 hours of the movie any less painful.I watched the first Kickboxer when I was a kid and it was one of my favorite movies, so it is quite sad to see the state the franchise is in nowadays. I mean, seriously, the final fight scene?? It is as grotesque as it is unreal haha To sum things up:---- Spoilers ahead ----Kurt is trying to make a name for himself on MMA, gets kidnapped by Plummer's character (horrible acting, by the way), and is forced to fight a Mongkut ("The Mountain" from Game of Thrones) after he punches Kurt's wife into a coma with a punch to the stomach (wtf?!?!? hahaha). Like, absolutely no story, no motive, and oh, Mongkut is supposed to revenge Tong Po for also absolutely no reason! No connection to him what-so-ever. And his "trainer" is a nerdy "scientist" that keeps injecting him with adrenaline shots. Oh lord, what a mess. Please don't waste your time unless you're JCVD huge fan like I am.
2 Skyline was probably the worst piece of crap I've seen in a long time. Just when I thought it was finally over, it got even worse. Just picture a bad version of Independence Day, but instead of following the exciting people who will save the planet, you sit in a room with the most annoying people on Earth.I liked the concept with the Cloverfield feel without the camcorder shakiness. But you never get the feeling that you care what happens to these people. I found myself hoping they would all get killed. It was a lot like War of the Worlds with Tom Cruise, except not as good. And that was not a good movie. A movie about aliens destroying the entire world, and you spend it in one room for almost the whole film. Now this wouldn't be all bad if done right, except the actors are just props and the drama is empty and forced. I would recommend showing it to film students as an example of how to make an action movie boring.
2 The movie starts out really nicely as you settle down into your seat. Two great actors in a very nicely set period piece, beautiful lighting, great supporting cast...this is going to be good you think to yourself and you almost hug yourself in anticipation. But, things quickly start to go wrong. Thirty minutes into it...that doesn't make sense...hold on...surely he's not trying to...but that's been done before...there must be a twist...it's coming...any minute...any minute now. Then it slowly dawns on you that it's not coming because there is no double-double bluff...he's actually trying to sell a story that's been done so many times before but better...Twelve Monkey's...the audience is restless because they've got it too and they're waiting...waiting in vain! My head is in my hands...What a waste of talent and what a waste of time!
2 I think the lead doctor was cast just fine. Very Depp-esque (think Secret window). Miss Winchester worked with what she was given. But, the whole movie was very slow, and ended with cheesy cornballs. I think there are 3 jump scares, which were all done just fine. I just feel the whole climax of this movie was something that could have been straight out of "Are You Afraid Of The Dark?" Did not care for it.
2 Goldmember isnt as good as the other 2 Austin Powers films. The jokes seem very strained, and apart from a few funny bits, especially a piece in the doctors office, the film never entertains as often as the others. The Goldmember character just doesnt work, Austin Powers himself seems to be struggling badly for any new gags leaving the still brilliant Dr Evil and Mini Me to offer the only funny parts. Although the plot was never the biggest part of these films, Mike Myers seems to have hit a complete dead end. Michael Caine isnt funny, Beyonce does her best in a part that allows little opportunity to be funny. The Fat Bastard character should have been left out, and the name dropping and product placement is way over the top. The opening scene contains a number of famous people such as Tom Cruise, Kevin Spacey and Britney Spears but the musical opening just doesnt work. I thought the film was poor. The jokes have ran dry. Mike Myers needs to move on because he is better than trying out old jokes again.
2 I just have to do it, I just have to correct all the haters out there...No summary, no spoilers, just points on what makes a movie.Storyline: 8/10 Was it award winning? No, but what super hero movie is? The becoming a Green Lantern of Hal Jordan follows the original comics perfectly. If you know the comics, you know the beginning. If you never read them, then you learn a lot real fast. The story introduces only characters necessary to the plot and nothing more. Hal, Carol, Senestro, Parallax, the Guardians, Abin Sur, Tomar-Re, and Kilowog. They easily could have introduced way too many guardians, way too fast, but they didn't. Parallax's origins are changed a little but it works out for the better, remember not everything that works in a book works on screen. All in all, storyline was good, it kept a good pace. Always remember it is an origins story so the 2 hours isn't completely filled with action but neither Casee nor I got bored.Acting: 8/10 No Ryan R. did not screw up Hal Jordan. Alright, I'll admit Hal may not be as witty as Ryan played him but Hal was sure as hell a smart ace in the comics. I thought it fit. I went in thinking, "This is going to be great, or really going to suck." Luckily, casting was very well done. Carol: Blake did a fine job. I do agree with another review that said they wished someone a little more intellectual/mature would play Carol, but in the long scheme of things, Blake didn't get a terrible amount of screen time to prove herself. Maybe as Star Sapphire she may pull out. Lantern Corp: Sinestro 10/10 Tomar-Re: 10/10 Kilowog: 10/10 Abin Sur: 10/10 I can't say much else besides that these characters lived up to the comics perfectly. I loved them all.Graphics/CGI: 8/10 Why 8? Eh, there were a few, just a few I tell you, parts where the graphics pulled the cartoon look of Spiderman 3. PLEASE! don't be afraid by this, all in all the graphics were awesome. Oa was beautiful, just a couple notches below Asgard in Thor. Green Lantern Ring effects were great, all around solid.Costumes/sets: 9/10 First, short and sweet. Live action sets: average. Skylines just like any other city, Ferris Airforce Base: good enough. Nothing spectacular but it wasn't the center of the movie. Costumes: STOP HATING ON THE CGI COSTUMES!!!!!!! Even the the comics the suits were made from energy and that is what the movie did. A powerful ring of willpower isn't going to POOF put anyone in spandex or rubber armor. The mask appears when the identity of a Lantern needs to be protected and eye color changes as well. PERFECT to me.Length: 7/10 Although, as I said before there were a few slow parts, I would have liked to see the movie for a few minutes longer. Towards the end, yes, a little rushed but it didn't ruin the whole movie. 10-15 minutes longer to put it just at the 2 hour mark would have been perfect for an origins story to me. Took off a couple points here.Overall: 8/10 By all means it is not as bad as Catwoman or Daredevil as some are writing. Those who make that comment are probably the ones who think Transformers is somehow an epic movie. Anyways, it is a good solid super hero movie. Maybe, not one of the greats like Batman Begins, Dark Knight, and Thor, but still a great movie that wouldn't be bad to take the mature enough younger kids. Parallax is a little scary and there are a few curse words, but by all means, this is not a racy film.Remember: Stay after the credits...
2 It's a real low for De Niro and Efron and I can not in my wildest dreams understand why this movie got green light... I can laugh at funny sexual jokes, but this was at a level of 5 year old's. Complete waste of money and the actor's and my time... unless the actors actually found it funny, and in that case I must admit I am a bit surprised and disappointed. Besides the large amount of bad jokes, stupid, unfunny characters, an appalling backstory and completely flat non-engaging character developments, the writing is also completely worthless. There is nothing really wrong with the actors performances, maybe even better that one would expect considering the material they had to work with. Maybe they all had a good time making the movie and getting a few laughs at work, but the result was no laughing matter, I am sorry to say.
2 Pathetic. It's a greys anatomy firefighter Version. It not worth my time
2 I had very high expectations for this movie. I really wanted to see it. But when I finally saw it, I regret every second of it. It was a stupid excuse for a love movie. It was a mushy, cheesy love story and I just HATED it. I thought that it had very bad acting, they made Bella Thorne sing about a couple of times and I had to brace myself because she has no talent. I cried 2 times because it was very emotional.But I just hated it and I dislike Bella very much so, yeah. A pretty pointless movie
2 What a disappointing movie. It starts promising - a few motives, characters, conflicts, sumptuous period detail (if all a little "clean" and theatrical if you know what I mean - everyone with perfect teeth and makeup and speaking like a thoughtful scriptwriter). Then gradually you realise that everything that is glaringly obvious and predictable IS actually what is happening - and its a long, painful process watching it play out just as you expect it to. There's nothing to make you go "ah! That's interesting!" whatsoever. The ghosts look incredibly CGI and therefore not scary at all, but more to the point they had absolutely no point or function - clearly just shoehorned in (perhaps after the original draft?) as a way to make it "horror" and more marketable to the teenage market. Jessica Chastain is always watchable, and the film looks pretty colourful, but that's about it.
2 This is one of few real time films -meaning the flow of events matches the duration of the film- that is quite successful in keeping the viewer's attention all along, and Jodie Foster is very efficient as a director presenting what seems initially a daunting technical subject (how a computer "glitch" causes an 800 Million Dollar loss to shareholders in a public traded company) as a dramatic thriller that never looses pace.The cast is excellent, Julia Roberts as the ever conscious producer calculating how each camera angle is best to follow on the unfolding live drama, George Clooney in one of his finest roles as the careless theatrical advice giver of the money program who gradually comes to realize how damaging his show is to the masses (in one particular touching scene he is in the street in NY and sees on-lookers imitating his dance moves on the show, and he becomes aware of what a buffoon he is), and finally Jack O'Connel who is very convincing as the candid investor who really wants to know how "the system" works (casting him was an inspired choice, he is not a well-known actor so he adds more credibility to the character he plays, a simple man from the street who looses all his money in Wall Street). None of the main or even secondary characters in the film are one dimensional, they have their problems (like lonely dinners for some) and concerns and values, whether it is the camera man or the public relations lady officer reporting to the big CEO, or even the main police officers in charge, all are multi-dimensional characters and their human aspects are not ignored. Even though the film deals with a serious subject, an eye opener leading one to wonder about the real money monsters out there, it remains an excellent thriller with top class actors.
2 This is an embarrassingly bad show that supposedly depicts the "secret life" of teenagers. It's attempting to capitalize on the subject from "Juno" only in a clumsy and completely un-entertaining way.First of all, as a 26 year old woman, I can't relate my teens to any of these characters. Amy as the main character is the most unreasonable and unbelievable. Yes, teenagers have sex. And yes, some get pregnant. I'll even give in that a 15-16 year old might make many mistakes such as "pretending it's not happening" or continuing to date a guy even though she's starting to show.However this Amy is not likable, has no personality, and is poorly developed as a character by the writers.The episode that ended it for me was the 4th, where parents laughed over the young Christian girl defending herself against two men trying to abduct her, and she was the one punished for being out, rather than her parents being grateful that she was strong enough to defend against two predatory men. Only furthering the complete fallacy of what would REALLY happen in EVERY scenario this show presents. Not to mention, said girls parents making remarks against Amy and her pregnancy completely breaking doctor/patient confidentiality.The show is gross. I can handle a show about teenagers having sex (because, lets be honest, many are) - but this is not only vanilla coated to try it's best to be "family friendly", making it all that much more inaccurate in every sense - dialogue, storyline, character development, etc.Definitely one to skip.
2 Having lost almost 2 hours of my life watching this pretentious, awkward, tedious,repetitive nonsense masquerading as a film, I felt an urgent need to warn my fellow movie goers of this stinker of a movie.The Great Budapest Hotel is "in your face" director's overindulgence in experimenting. It lacks even pretense of trying to tell an entertaining story. Its caleidoscope of disjointed themes crawls, mostly sideways, with the dreadful quality of a nightmare.One might fall into a trap of wishing to explore the latest "oeuvre" of a "cult" director/screenwriter. For those of you be warned, you'll need a strong motivation to sit through this indulgent mush of an experiment in viewers' goodwill.The one star goes for some striking images which "do not a movie make".
2 It's a another fantasy/adventure story. The set and costume designs were okay. But, the dialogue was terrible.The actors were so stiff. Looked like a high school play on a stage. The physical fighting was truly terrible. Total lack of fluidity and commitment. The plot has promise. But, the execution lacks magic. Please try again.
2 I finally got to see the last installment of this franchise and watched them all on cable; I certainly wouldn't spend money to see these films. The movie begins after the birth of Renesmee; Belle and Edward are hot for each other and Jacob creepily has the hots for the baby since he imprinted on her. The Volturi are coming after them because they fear the child is a danger to the life of vampires and can't be controlled, plus it's bad in the vampire world to turn a child. Now does that sound real exciting? So Bella, Edward and the family are going to disappear, then perhaps what is the most perverted scene in a pg13 film, when Jacob strips to turn into a wolf in front of Bella's dad. Jacob does this to keep the family from running away, real sensible, right? So, some vamp tattles on the Cullen family to the Volturi; meanwhile the Cullens gather vampire friends from around the worth to vouch on their behalf that the child isn't a threat. They are afraid the Volturi won't believe that the child is half human and half vamp, which would mean she wasn't a threat, makes perfect sense? Anyways there is a so called "confortation" which may or may not happen, the end.FINAL VERDICT: Simply awful. The plots to these film are just not good.
2 Power Rangers is an atrocious movie with a poorly developed plot and an disinterested cast. I did not have high expectations for this film, but I was a fan of the television series as a child and thought it would be a fun tribute. Instead of that, it takes what made the Power Rangers a hit in the late nineties and forcefully updates it for today's standards, taking itself far too seriously for such a ridiculous property. The majority of the cast are uninspired, clearly only there for a pay check. The Rangers, with the exception of RJ Cyler and Ludi Lin, seem to have no desire or ambition to act. The more A list cast do not shine either, Elizabeth Banks is far too sweet and attractive to thrill us as the lead antagonist, while Bryan Cranston just seemed out of place, which was a shame, as he could do so much better. For an action film, it is not very exciting. It takes up far too much time setting up the Rangers, followed by about twenty minutes of poor action sequences that are jam packed with CGI and poor one liners. I found myself regretting my decision to watch this movie more and more throughout. Dull and poorly paced, Power Rangers is too serious to be fun, but not serious enough to be intriguing, I would avoid this one. A group of teenagers use new powers that they have been bestowed with to protect the galaxy. Best Performance: RJ Cyler / Worst Performance: Elizabeth Banks
2 I heard about the reviews for this movie and my husband and I set out for a good movie afternoon. The opening scene is a beautifully shot red rocky landscape with green hills and a stark blue sky, the soundtrack is not a soundtrack but a screeching sound reminiscent of fingernails on a blackboard. I nearly left then and should have. No plot, no female characters, Daniel's son is a wooden puppet who barely speaks and at times I held my hands over my ears to block out the horrible, excruciatingly loud, obnoxious soundtrack. It was so loud, much of the time you could not understand the actors. Now what's the point in that? I wondered why we came, then figured it out. In a dark theater somewhere, filled with film critics this film was first shown. The most influential one of all sighed and said "this is sooo good!" He was referring to the popcorn, of course, but all the rest began repeating his comment, whispering it around the theater. The soundtrack should've been the song from "The Emperor's New Clothes" ! I'm so glad to see I'm not the only one who noticed how bad this movie really is. I often rate a movie based on how much I cared about the main character. The main character in this film had no character. He was not worth watching for almost 3 excruciating hours. I guess I only stayed that long in the hope that something interesting would happen. I was so bored I nearly fell asleep except for the obnoxious noise that was substituted for a soundtrack. Don't waste your time or your money on this one.
2 What is this? Am I stuck in a vortex of terrible movies or something? Or is it just that greedy men in business suits will feed the dumbed down population whatever crap they desire as the most of population will empty their wallets for it? OK then, let me start reviewing this movie. Firstly, the starting itself told me that this movie was going to be something I've watched a million times before. An overview of the city while a dumb song plays. How original. I'm sure you've read the plot if you're reading this review. A very good looking girl falls for a very average 'nice' guy. There are many things that are wrong with this movie. Firstly, the music. It's really annoying to hear a radio friendly pop rock song in every other scene in a movie that's not even related to music. Secondly, the humour. If you've watched any modern mainstream non romantic comedy you know what to expect here. It consists of swearing, more swearing and sexual innuendos. I do not find swearing at an elderly man who does not deserve to be sworn at funny. I don't see why anyone over the age of 13 would find premature ejaculation, which was supposed to be one of the funniest jokes of the movie, amusing at all. Showing middle fingers, pointless profanity, shaving pubic hair... I mean seriously? Do they really expect people to laugh at this? It's the same recycled bull we've been seeing for a long long time, started by movies like 'Revenge Of the Nerds' (These jokes sucked even then!)Other than the worthless humour we have tons of pseudo drama involved here. Just before the ending there is the formulatic 'sad' part, just like every other 'comedy' movie nowadays. There is a dumb moral to be learnt at the end too. And apparently, all people are rated by numbers (from 1-10, or something) and everyone, and I mean everyone, knows about this rating system. The characters are people I really don't care about. And the ending, well it's your typical Hollywood 'everything's fine and peachy' ending.What can I say? There is nothing smart, witty, entertaining, original or redeemable about this movie. It's just another pile of crap Hollywood has put out and will keep putting until people stop watching (or at least paying). So please, for the love of decent cinema, do not pay for this or other generic movies so those evil greedy men in business suits can realize that enough is enough.
2 I am truly at a loss for words concerning Focus Features's newest, and I pray last filmic experiment. In it, director Colin Trevorrow, and screenwriter Gregg Hurwitz attempt to, among other things, balance the story elements of a taut thriller, a morality play and a maudlin melodrama while making a smart, borderline psychic 11-year-old not seem like the kid from The Omen (1976). While doing so they use the affable Naomi Watts as a doe-eyed sacrifice to the Gods of tortured metaphor, and willfully ignore the fine line between believable, unbelievable and unbelievably stupid. Is Book of Henry maliciously bad or just plain bad? The fact that I can't tell should say something.Jaeden Lieberher plays the titular Henry, the elder son of a single mom (Watts) living in Upstate New York. Henry is by all accounts a whizkid. Some would call him brilliant, he calls himself precocious - I prefer to call him a snot who, in addition to putting his peers to shame on a regular basis has more-or-less taken over every responsibility at home. Things however take a turn when Henry discovers his neighbor and coincidentally the town Police Commissioner (Norris) has been abusing his daughter (Ziegler). Finding only obstacles where there should be help, Henry ultimately decides to save the day, using his mother as a means to "take out" the Commissioner for the sake of his tortured crush.Did I say crush? I ask because the plot assumes there's some kind of deeper connection but we never see Henry have anymore positive emotion than a waffle iron towards anyone. The character basically has two modes: smug and pissy which somehow only gets worse as the film progresses. Likewise Ziegler, Watts, Norris and Tremblay are given nothing more than a single trait in which to base their entire performances on. Tremblay especially gets shafted being forced to play a modern version of Ralphie's brother in A Christmas Story (1983) when if anything he should be channeling Elijah Wood in The Good Son (1993).The tone of the film (once it manages to settle on one) can't help but be at odds with the cynicism of its lead character. Lieberher's Henry moralizes with the eloquence of a French philosophe but can't help but sound like a patronizing baby Hitler when he says things like "There are worse things in the world than violence." Henry as written doesn't have an iota of love in his body and as a result his mother is in for a Rube-Goldberg-like ride that has a lot of moving parts but amounts to nothing. Despite this, the movie itself is so obnoxiously twee it feels like it's trying to mimic the best part of The Goonies (1985) while exhibiting the worst parts of Red Dawn (1984) - which is to say an inconsistent, reactionary moral compass with nary a character in search of real solutions.Below is a list of things that happen in this movie. They're not spoilers per se, as they are without context. That said, I truly believe the lack of context actually makes everything better:-Watts becomes a stone-cold killer and sharpshooter in under a month.-Henry buys and sells stocks on a schoolyard payphone.-Sarah Silverman macks on Jaeden Lieberher and it's played off as okay even though the entire movie sets itself up as against child abuse. -60% of Maddie Ziegler's lines are the words, "I'm fine."-Henry plans a murder with two outdated textbooks on forensic science. -Naomi Watts repeatedly plays Gears of War while ignoring her sons yet its supposed to come across as absentmindedly charming. -Naomi Watts prepares school lunches like she trying to give children diabetic comas. -Watts nonchalantly buys an illegal weapon despite nearly having a panic attack in the car earlier. -Henry explains an MRI to a professional surgeon (Pace) despite zero medical training.-The handsome doctor boxed-beard then unexpectedly shows up to a middle school talent show, despite not having kids, and it's not seen as creepy. -The assassination is setup to a middle schooler crooning "Amazing Grace, " presumably because she couldn't get the rights to "Ave Maria".-Henry's young brother showers the audience of a middle school talent show with fake snow strongly implying that he has just spread a person's ashes.-The school principal continually ignores Henry's claims of abuse but calls the cops after the talent show because apparently she can speak dance.Of course taking any of this farce at face value would be giving it far too much credit. Every story beat, character decision and sudden jolt in the narrative rings too demonstratively false to be taken seriously. Even if it does carry itself as just another thriller. I've seen a lot of bad movies but rarely have I seen a movie so hypnotic in its badness. The makers of this thing best be reminded that movies are tricky.
2 Somebody please tell me what kind of "accent" Al Pacino was going for in this movie--or if he's just given up and decided he needed a few bucks to tide him over for the winter. You know, when you see that Al Pacino's in a movie, you go in with expectations. And if he was looking to shatter these expectations, then he did it brilliantly because a high-school kid could have done a better job. Supposedly, Al quit drinking years ago but watching this performance you find yourself thinking, "He's off the wagon and thinks he's from Alabama..." "Yo guess is as good as maaaahn..." and all the normal "Al Pacino impersonator" posturing is there (sort of like watching Kevin Spacey do him on Letterman before Spacey became persona non gratis). The shame of this movie is that it could have been good. If Pacino had played it in something other than a sleepwalk and if the director had had his head out of his butt, it could have worked. Everything was there... except the acting and the directing.
2 Love most of the CW universe, but this is a hard pill to swallow. The acting is atrocious, the premise seems off, the people aren't even likable .I'm hoping it's just a bad beginning and might improve. I could say more, but I think other reviews have said it all.
2 The second season is even worse than the first one. Unfortunately the series doesn't manage to make any connection with the characters, the writing is really bad. Unlogical plots, undeveloped character arcs and no meaningful story at all, just pathetic dialogues. At least some of the fighting scenes are quite OK.
2 Despite being rife with technical blunders such as the longest full moon in history, Disney's first non-PG film is proving to be a financial boon while at the same time collecting reviews from critics that run from tepid to red hot. I am in complete agreement with Roger Ebert on one point: Somewhere in this 143 minute tour de force there lurks a very good ninety-minute film.Other than Johnny Depp, who fashioned his character's personality (and eye makeup?) after observations of his good friend Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones, the cast of 'Pirates' reads like a Who's Who of English film actors, including Orlando Bloom, Keira Knightley, Jack Davenport and Mackenzie Crook.When screenwriters Ted Elliot and Terry Rossio originally pitched the movie to the Disney executives in the early '90s, Disney rejected it. It makes one wonder just who is running the Disney empire. Universal Studios have been combining action/adventure movies with theme park rides for over two decades (E.T., Jurassic Park, Jaws, and Back to the Future to name a few) only in reverse order-first the film, then the ride. This combination has worked well for Universal, and it seems almost absurd that Disney has taken so long to pick up on the obvious.I liked three things in particular about this film. Just say Johnny Depp three times. His character Jack Sparrow redefines the term swashbuckler. Not since William Hurt's performance in Children of a Lesser God , and to a slightly lesser degree Kevin Costner's in JFK, has an actor so resoundingly stolen the show. If you do not like Johnny Depp, 'Pirates' is not for you. If you do like Mr. Depp (Edward Scissorhands, Ed Wood), you will enjoy 'Pirates'.That is not to say that Orlando Bloom and Geoffrey Rush were less than fantastic. Rush made a delightful villain as Capt. Barbossa, and Orlando Bloom's performance brought charisma to a rather limiting role as Will Turner. Expect nothing but good things from this young actor in the future.Let us examine the plot. This will be a rather short paragraph, for sword fights do not a movie make. The opening scenes show a young Elizabeth Swann on a ship at sea. A young Will Turner floats up on a raft, unconscious, wearing a gold medallion round his neck. Elizabeth hides the medallion so that no one else will know that young Will is a pirate. Years later, the pirates come to Port Royal in quest of the gold piece and kidnap the governor's daughter Elizabeth (Kiera Knightly), now all grown up. The fact that she also has the medallion they are looking for is just one of those lucky things that will happen if you're a good pirate who eats well and stays fit. Captain Jack Sparrow shows up at about the same time and he and Will commandeer a ship from the Royal Navy to chase the pirates, save Elizabeth, and add some adventure to their otherwise bleak lives. Swordfight, swordfight, swordfight, and that's about it. Let us just say that Pirates of the Caribbean has all the plot of an amusement park ride and leave it at that.A few predictions may be in order, however. Look for an Oscar nomination for Depp's efforts. Look for nominations as well for sound, set design, makeup, and cinematography. As far as best picture? Next to Lord of the Rings (Return of the King)? Not likely.Director Gore Verbinski, who used to play in a punk rock band and is best known for creating the Budweiser frogs, does an outstanding job keeping track of the myriad details required of a director, given his limited experience. True, 'Pirates' has countless errors in continuity, but those occur in any film of such scope. Mr. Verbinski has only four other films to his name: a short entitled The Ritual (1996), and then three very different but effectively made films, Mouse Hunt (1997), The Mexican (2001), and the very creepy thriller The Ring (2002). Again, it makes one wonder just who is at the helm of the USS Disney to put a $125 million movie in the hands of a neophyte. Well, it worked with Lord of the Rings and a very inexperienced Peter Jackson, and it worked here for Disney as well.'Pirates of the Caribbean' is a fun movie for most of the family. It may be rather scary for children ten and under and somewhat boring for many over twenty-five. I enjoyed it immensely for exactly what it was... an amusing ride.
2 This movie really sucked. I was expecting it to be like the first one but I really did not expect it to be this convoluted, illogical and nonsensical. Fifty Shades of Grey should not be so financially successful, the fact that the first one made so much money really upsets me. I hated the over arching plots that did not tie into the 'story' at all and were REALLY forced into the 'story', but really there was no story, or no real reason to want to invest your time into these 'characters'. I hate movies like this that claim to be so R-rated but really are just a very extreme 15+. It became a comedy rather than a dramatic romance film because of its terrible writing, stale performances and overall confusing 'plot' that made no sense and really did not need to exist. This movie is a 1/10 because it is incredibly annoying and really did not need to be made.
2 This movie is one of those lame Sci-Fi movies with one difference. Good actors and good CGI. But what the hell in the world was that script?! I don't know any movie that caught me literally sleeping in cinema.Anyways, script was so cliché that there was nothing unexpected there. And this is story not about Armageddon or anything similar, this is a story of 2 brothers, who fight with each other and "good" and ofc "bad" guys. There is also so much nonsense, people are using gasoline cars, but they are able to deploy millions of satellites and make net over whole damn earth. Rockets are like deployed every day, multiple times, by not new tech, but current rocket system, which is unbelievable stupid.He is sitting in a rocket the same way like when you would go to supermarket to buy groceries, just turn on and fly to the space. And let's forget all these things, but the thing that HE BUILT THE NET is most amazing stupidity in the movie. There is one good, and one bad guy. Why people cannot be good and bad at same time in this kind of cliché movies. The "bad" guy is destroying world intentionally. This can be compared to a guy who tries to open a packaged food can with a nuclear bomb. This is nothing.I ignored even nonsense about instant weather changes, where people are burning and out of sudden, just 2 meters away there is normal temperature and there is NO WIND. Whoever cooked the soup know that soup starts moving in all directions on temperature change, similar goes with the air. but, author of this script doesn't understand that. With this budget he SHOULD KNOW that almost everyone knows the basics of physics. But let's forget even this.The thing that during the movie you figure out the resolution of conversation after 10-30 seconds, but conversation lasts for another 10 minutes. This made me so bored that I couldn't watch it. This killed, destroyed and vanished all my will to watch movie.Terrible, very very stereotypical American, physics taken from some other universe and truly awful. Popcorns in cinema was best entertainment, and games on my phone.
2 The story is just so weak but still stretched for the entire length of a movie.The first half hour was a little bearable, but everything after that was a huge downfall from the time she becomes this cool chick to the last 3 minutes where everything just falls into place as if the directors themselves just wanted to get this over.The 2 stars are for the couple of times which made me laugh. There was simply nothing else in the movie.I guess the target audience are 40+ year old moms who want to be 30+ year old moms again.
2 So I wasted a date night, on a Tuesday, on this movie. The commercials made it look like it would be a scary, mind-tease. Instead I felt like someone who sat through the most mind-dulling two hours. I not only wasted $8.50 per ticket on this, but a short amount of time out of my life, and away from my kids. The story line was all over the place. You never really got the point. Did the guy go mad? Did the guy with no face figure out how to live forever? How did they stick that huge ass tube down the one guys throat and have the flesh eating eels go through his system and him still survive. Was the girl really like 100 years old. Did we need to see her father finger her? Were his bosses in on this? How did we see someone that was dead living and vice versa? Why were all the nurses and orderlies so odd, were they dead, or undead? There is just too much that needed explaining. This movie is a waste of time. Please, save your time and money for something better. I heard Split was good!
2 If you've read the book there aren't any spoilers. There is nothing specific.I find it hard to blame the actors for this poorly written script. The most obvious problem is that there were amateur actors playing pretty difficult roles. As a bookworm, I am accustomed to not being happy with movies based on YA books. "Shadowhunters" is no exception. They did not choose characters well, besides their lack of talent there are certain characters whose personalities are key to character development and the bond that forms between characters and audience is just not here.Jace was not portrayed well in this show, we don't see any of his "wounded, mysterious, arrogant" self other than people saying he's that way. Once. I've always pictured Jace somewhere between Jamie Campell Bower and Dominic Sherwood. So at least they got a little closer. I didn't even know Luke was who he was because I was looking for a curly haired, middle aged, dorky guy. Isabel was unbelievably slutty and Alec was barely there. Hodge was a disappointment all around. Almost as disappointing as the Institute was. One of the top five most important parts of the book is that there aren't very many Shadow Hunters left. In the show, they're everywhere.I think the movie had a better idea by making Clary more relatable. In the show she goes from "I'm so confused" to "Oh it's okay they're just helping" in one scene. We don't ever see her struggling with the idea that her mom lied to her or that she's scared that there are demons everywhere. I noticed that because of the actor's lack of talent they didn't allow close up shots very often. My favorite part of watching a movie is seeing an actors face shift so that we can literally watch the character's internal struggle. They don't ever do this. They didn't play with shadows or lighting or color. Which doesn't take a lot of money to do. Just skill.
2 Putting aside the tiresome word-play in the title, the main character seems anything but 'good' ... he just seems like a smug, arrogant little pr*ck! He's almost insufferable as he poses for close-ups under perfect lighting and blows puffs of smoke in the direction of the camera.We know he's clever because he does mathematical formulas on the bathroom mirror in a bar ... yawn.It seems highly unlikely that a college professor would have any influence on a courtroom's judgement. To me it was an unlikely and rather weak plot twist.He is then trotted before an array of therapists whom he tries his best to irritate ... why? If he's so clever why would he harm his chance of being kept out of jail; it makes no sense whatsoever. Just for the sake of having an attitude problem that can be unfurled in the course of the story... does this make it edgy?Then he comes across Robin Williams' character and, gee ... do you think they'll end up as friends who change each others lives in some profound way? Gosh I just don't know.Following is a parade of over-the-top dramatics and character evaluations that really become tiresome as everyone's sob story unfolds.It skips across academic topics like the synopsis of a "for dummies" book: the most basic snippets of knowledge thrown in here and there. "Next week we'll be talking about Freud ...", oh please! Was it the first day of Psyche 101?Why was Affleck's character sitting in some sort of job interview? So random. The chemistry between Damon and Minnie Driver was non-existent. Williams and Driver were good in this, but with such a dismal script ... they did what they could.I don't think this film has aged very well at all, and I'm truly baffled about why this amateurish dramatic for the sake of it production has been so overrated.
2 In all honesty I didn't have any high expectations for this film. I only went to see it because me and my girlfriend got into a fight and kicked me out of the house for a few hours. I had already seen Toy Story 3 and noticed today that "Grown Ups" would be starting in 30 minutes. I said to myself, "What The Heck. It couldn't be any worse than the trailer of it suggested." I was wrong. Dead wrong.The plot in itself is about as thin as you can get. I don't want to get into trouble on IMDb for posting spoilers but there is really nothing to spoil about this movie because there really is no plot to it. It's really nothing more than just a bunch of random 'jokes' thrown together for a few cheap laughs. What can you expect out of an Adam Sandler film but at least "Happy Gilmore", "Billy Madison", "Click" and "Big Daddy" were tolerable. This film on the other hand is not.I will spoil one thing for you however. There is an obese black woman who is the mother of Chris Rock in this film. We get a nice little shot of bunion and callused feet as well as her habit of farting randomly. There are some jokes that rather fall flat such as jokes about homosexuality and so-called 'male bonding' and the film seems to insult today's 'tech savy' video game and texting children. Plenty of morbid dark humor (such as making jokes at a funeral and spilling someone's cremated ashes into a bucket of KFC.) There's also quite a bit of slapstick (being shot in the foot with an arrow) and toilet humor (Peeing in swimming pools.) Basically if you have an IQ of less than 45 and/or you find jokes similar to the ones in movies like "Big Momma's House" and "Are We There Yet?", "Grown Ups" is the perfect film for you. But if you want more intelligent humor, I suggest staying away from this one.
2 This is just...not a great movie. There is zero character development so you can't exactly feel much for the characters. The amount of times throughout the movie that I just sat there thinking "why is this happening" because what I was seeing was either absolutely confusing or just downright ridiculous. The sound track wasn't too bad though.
2 This film looks like something from the Ed Wood collection. Awful. So many phony aspects to this film. The phony barfight where Heston cleans up on four anemic thugs who fight like little girls, Heston's ridiculous portrayal of a Mexican, Janet Leigh lounging around in lingerie while a greaser gang is in the next room, Orson Welles acting as if he's on the radio, the ridiculous frame up where Welles strangles a guy to make it look like Janet Leigh did it (it's hilarious to watch the 380 lb. Welles subdue this guy - he doesn't put up much of a struggle); watching Heston and his companion speed through the village streets in his convertible while carrying on a casual conversation is pretty funny - it seems like they're going 90 mph through back alleys; the rape scene where Janet Leigh doesn't get raped. This film is a complete and utter joke. It nearly cancels out Citizen Cain for Orson Welles. Shockingly crappy.
2 i was really hyped for a new saw film. and it disappointed me in every possible way-no gore, -no reference to previous characters, when we learn that amanda or Hoffman are the new disciples of kramer, we kinda have a meaningful introduction that comes from a previous movie. here the twist is obvious 10 mins into the movie -even jigsaw sounds weird, he speaks too freaking much, it looked like every time he spoke it was a dialogue made by an amateur, not in the nice mysterious creepy way as in the previous films. the robotic dialogue through the whole movie is almost cringe worthy -awful, obvious traps
2 I don't get the ratings here. This is a cut and dry poorly made movie and fans of the DC universe deserve better. I don't normally post my reviews here. But I have to share my take on this movie because it just wasn't good. I didn't even have to go into spoilers to show how terrible it is. Movie goers shouldn't mindlessly consume these films. Christopher Nolan set a high bar, but producers and studios need to step messing with auteurs and maybe we can get a quality DC movie:There is nothing in Suicide Squad that shows any hope that an auteur filmmaker can do anything distinctive with the current cash cow of the Hollywood machine: the super hero movie. What Christopher Nolan once made his own has devolved into a predictable pastiche whose charms should be wearing thin on audiences. It doesn't help that the movie is also an example of how bad one of these films can be when it becomes watered down and designed to refrain from shaking up anything in the so-called DC Universe. Suicide Squad, a PG-13 film, was supposed to be DC's entry to rival Marvel's R-rated Deadpool. Even though Deadpool had its own problems as a self-aware action movie, it still had focus and a bravado that is nowhere to be found in Suicide Squad.Suicide Squad follows a group of villains with super powers released from prison as part of a government plan to protect the world from terrorists or whatever sign-of-the-times fear currently plaguing society (Zika?). Starring Will Smith as the hit man Deadshot and Margot Robbie as the Joker's manic girlfriend Harley Quinn, alongside several other less familiar DC baddies, these guys are supposed to be complex people who have long fallen from grace and are supposed to rise above to find their humanity and gain the audience's sympathy. But writer-director David Ayer tries so hard to take a safe route, you can see the gears trying to manipulate audience emotion, revealing the inherit problems of these comic book adaptations straining to catch up with decades of printed storytelling.You can't totally blame Ayer, who last gave moviegoers Fury, an incredibly strong and startling war movie featuring a better fleshed out motley crew of characters. The preciousness Hollywood has for its ongoing world building of interconnected comic book films creates such tight restrictions on storytelling that anything that might upset that world has no room to prosper. At one point, toward the end of Suicide Squad, one character asks another, "Shouldn't you be dead?" Of course not, this is the DC universe, and it's gotta be milked. That means no major players should be written off in one movie.The result of these storytelling restraints is a soulless kind of filmmaking hampered by pussyfooting. It's like a syrupy glaze that drowns out any possibility to shine above what has become a predictable pattern of storytelling. Characters dole out uninspired lines that play superficially to feelings, like, "Dad, I know you do bad things, but I still love you." Then there are the clichés, like "fight fire with fire." Sometimes the script inadvertently deflates the tension by spelling things out. Someone over a radio says, "Use extreme caution," and someone in the action responds, "I don't like this." But in case you miss that, someone else says, "I don't like it either." A kid playing with his action figures can come up with better chatter to establish tension....
2 Everything, Everything is a very good movie for the following reasons.1. It is a very good looking movie. The hustle and bustle of city life, the peace of suburban life, and the beauty of the ocean are wonderfully captured.2. It has wonderful animation.3. It has very tender performances from all the actors. The actors made me really care about the characters.4. The main characters are intelligent, interesting and complex.5. It is an interracial love story that never focused on race. The story's focus is on the beautiful beginning of a relationship between a young couple that evolves into love.Everything, Everything is a wonderful summer sleeper hit movie!
2 This is, without a doubt, the worst teen-drama I have ever watched. I've seen every episode thus far (Season 2, Episode 19), so I'm not jumping the gun; I have a keen understanding of the characters and the story.The writing is demented. Brenda Hampton has a deluded sense of reality- this is the only explanation for the superficial, melodramatic, and overly dramatized "secret life of the American teenager".The characters are one-dimensional, and, every single one of them, including the boys, girls, mothers, fathers, mentally challenged individuals, teachers, and counselors are the exact same, they ALL only ever think and speak about sex. I think the writers have some sort of game going on to see who can write the script with the highest number of times "sex" appears in the dialogue. That is certainly not all that people think about, it's not even all that teens think about. There are other aspects to people's lives which are not considered in this thoughtless program."Secret Life Of the American Teenager" - This doesn't make any sense. The only secret is Amy's pregnancy. This secret doesn't even last long. Apart from that, the show does not focus on any secret aspects of teenage hood. In reality, teenagers have many secrets and troubles; drinking, drugs, gf/bf problems, abusive parents, social problems, academic problems, issues about popularity, bullies, colleges, etc...yet the ONLY focus of this show is sex. And the teens in this show don't really even have any secrets...they're constantly talking to their parents. Their parents talk to each other. Their parents talk to their friends etc...it doesn't make any sense. Parents are not that involved in their child's life, let alone their sex life. You'd think a show with the title "The Secret Life Of The American Teenager" would recognize that. Not only that, the parents are just as bad as the children. Just as shallow, just as thoughtless, and gossip just as much.Moreover, the writing is extremely repetitive. In the dialogues, the characters constantly repeat words or phrases. They try to express themselves and reveal some kind of realized truth about themselves or their friends but it's just some whacked out pseudo-philosophy from a sex-deprived zealot named Brenda Hampton...it's pretentious and downright insulting.I sure hope 16 year old's today (I'm 21 now) do not emulate the characters of this show, and I hope the show doesn't fill their impressionable minds with superficial, unrealistic bullshit. It's shows like this that could, if not properly moderated, brainwash the younger generations by making them more self-conscious and more concerned about sex. If you're going to let television raise your teens for you, be careful. One dimensional shows will rear one dimensional teens.I highly recommend the Degrassi series to anyone who would like to watch a worthy teen-drama (The original series in particular)The ONLY redeeming quality of this television show are the beautiful actresses (Francia Raisa and the woman who plays her mother in particular). They are the reason I decided to watch the show, and are the only reason I continue. They are also the reason I'm giving this show a "2" and not a "1"
2 UNREALISTIC, RUBBISH, REALLY BAD REALISM! They could hear each other but had no ear piece in , the cage fell to quickly, the coast guard took to long. These are a few of many things TOTALLY WRONG with this crap movie. The main issue with this movie is how predictable it is, from start to finish you could tell what was going to happen at every moment. Do not watch this movie.
2 I get why the youngest of targeted audience would enjoy this movie, but anyone over the age of 16 should know better. This movie is simply just the plot of Bubble Boy crossed with the nauseating sappiness of The Fault In Our Stars. Predictable from the very start, I only finished it in hopes that it wouldn't end exactly house I knew it would. The only thing that earns any stars at all is the casting; the chemistry between the two main actors was sweetly charming, even through the terrible clichés common in teen romances.
2 When critics say that some films are pornographic because of the way they depict violence, they are referring to the type of violence that appears in "Reservoir Dogs." The film maker's artistic judgment seems to be clouded by a bloodthirsty hatred of police officers. I am thinking particularly of a scene in which a captive police officer is mutilated by his criminal captors. The feeling conveyed to me was one of sadistic joy in the victim's suffering, a sense that he deserved to be mutilated simply because he was a cop. I am sure that some misguided admirers of this film applauded the scene precisely for that reason. Unfortunately, a lot of people hate the police, and for them such a film functions as escapist "entertainment," but "Reservoir Dogs" seems to lack any redeeming value of another kind, like a snuff movie. The only other time I've seen such poor artistic and ethical judgment in a film was in "Caligula," by the producer Bob Guccione, where in one scene a Roman aristocrat forces a soldier to drink a gallon of wine and then cuts his belly open for the fun of seeing the liquid spill out of it. Some gullible members of the audience actually cheered when they saw that. Like Guccione, Tarantino, director of "Reservoir Dogs" may be a big fan of pornography and possibly he doesn't make the distinction between sex and violence. Certainly everything of his I've seen looks like a porno film stylistically, but he focuses mainly on bloodshed and torture instead of lust and love. Unless you're in the mood for a tasteless exercise in violence, you would do much better to rent John Huston's "Asphalt Jungle," one of the best and most intelligently made caper gone wrong movies ever made.
2 I liked the first movie, I could say that I kinda loved it.When the first movie was released, I passed on the theater experience. At one point, I was never going to watch the first movie, but that all changed when a friend of mine had recommended it to me.So one day, I actually sat down and watched Now You See Me after hearing a lot of mixed reviews about it. I had a lot of fun with the first movie, I thought it was creative, it was beautifully shot, the music was great, all the actors were charismatic, and the movie moved at a fast paced.Now You See Me 2 is just more of the same, but this movies execution is much slower. Also, the circumstances in this movie are quite unbelievable. The first movie had some ridiculous, almost ludicrous, and quite unbelievable feats involved, but the second movie takes it to a whole other level.The opening in Now You See Me 2 is a bit slow, it takes a while to get things going; However, once everybody's in place, the movie does start to pick up steam. The first job that the Horsemen execute in the movie is entertaining and fun, but then after that, the movie slows down again, and by the mid point I fell asleep. I woke up after the Horsemen had executed their second job, so I missed it, but the story wasn't hard to follow. I did fall asleep during quite a few sequences because the movie was so boring, slow, and predictable, however, even though I missed some things, I was never lost or confused when I woke up.The fight sequences in this movie are bad, they're poorly shot, and I could barely tell what was happening. The establishing shots were good, the music also added some form of excitement to them.The actors were still pretty likable, even Daniel Radcliffe was good, but I thought he was completely underutilized, and he barely did anything.The "magic tricks" in this movie are completely illogical, the first movie had this problem as well, but the sequel turns every magician into a superhero, it tries to make logical sense, but I feel that the screenwriters just wanted to show the audience something cool, and so they just said, "To hell with logic!"Overall, Now You See Me 2 is not as fun as the first movie in my opinion. This movie has one or two fun moments, but as a whole it's a complete snooze fest. This movie is 100% predictable (even if you fall asleep), it's boring, it's slow, and it's just a lazy cash grab. I dare say that I love the first movie, but the sequel sucks.Final Grade: F
2 This is literally the worst TV i have watched in a very long time. And I have watched a LOT of TV series.The blame shouldn't go to the actors. It is 100% on the mindlessly bad dialog/scripting, and on the director.There is basically no character development. We don't develop any feelings for the characters. There are way too many arguments and emotional outbursts that just spring from nowhere like we are watching a bunch of emotionally retarded junior high teenagers. Did an autistic person write these scripts? The characters have no EQ, and all seem to suffer some degree of schizophrenia.
2 Assassins Creed is a movie based on the computer game of the same name, although it is a unique story set in that universe. It focuses on the search for the Apple of Eden, the key to mankind's free will and the source of a struggle between the assassins and the Templars. I found the story presented in this movie to be extremely erratic and bizarre, the characters one dimensional and forgettable. There was no depth or reason to care about any of the characters, and there was so much unexplained that I was frequently left wondering if I had missed something (I hadn't). And the end of the movie... well I can say i was left wanting more, but that's only because the final scene was so underwhelming I couldn't believe it was the end Not even worth it if you are a fan of the games..
2 My God, the movie is bad. I'll just point a few things and rest my case:The shark in the movie is big and behaves like a human psychopath. The bit on the woman's leg does not match it's teeth. A shark of that size can chew steel cables. It's bite can tear flesh and muscles from the bone and can sever limbs. Yet the woman has only suffered a mere flesh wound.After only a few hours, the woman is hungry enough to eat crabs and gross stuff, which make her puke. This is stupid. Hunger makes you so desperate after a few days, not hours. Birds have frail articulations and many tiny bones in their wings. The bones are spongy and frail. It's hard to arrange a bird's articulation even for a veterinary surgeon, yet she does it like it's her hobby.
2 Perhaps there was some underlying humour i failed to get?Scene after boring scene, with people behaving really strangely and all the time some woman lying on a table - perfect makeup - apparently for years.My partner and i were joking about how attentive her minder must have been, or perhaps she didn't sweat or have normal bodily functions.ah well, a random princess seems about right in this mess of a show. Badly shot, with bad choreography and awful dialogue and actions, this is completely miss-able. And stupid vampires. really really stupid vampires.
2 I gave the show 2 stars instead of 1 because I did enjoy Season 1. I've never been a fan of comic book television or films, but I gave Supergirl a shot since we rarely see female led shows...let alone a female-driven superhero show. So I was pleasantly surprised by the first season. It wasn't perfect by any means. But it was enjoyable to watch and had plenty of strong women from Supergirl herself to her sister Alex to Lucy Lane and the "Queen of all Media," Cat Grant. Where Supergirl went horribly wrong was in Season 2. From inconsistent writing with way too many plot holes (even for a superhero show) to the majorly problematic character of Mon-El. In fact, Mon-El is why I won't be watching Season 3. Because you see, after all of the backlash from fans and even countless articles done by entertainment media outlets outright stating that Supergirl's problem was too much Mon-El, the show-runners are blatantly ignoring that and bringing him back for Season 3. And let me guess...they are going to tout him as a newly changed man and a "hero." I wasn't watching Supergirl because I wanted a misogynistic douche-bag of a dude-bro not only taking over the show that's supposed to be about Kara, but also reducing Kara to being his love interest. So...what was the problem with Mon-El, one might ask? Well, we could start off with how he missed objectifying women back on his home planet because he was irritated that Kara didn't want to get with him. And that came after he'd already been disrespectful to her on countless occasions. Kara told him on numerous occasions that they weren't a good match, but he kept pursing her and eventually tried to guilt her into not liking him back by throwing out an I love you. And when they did eventually get together (because this is the CW and of course the lead female can't be without a guy), seconds after she asked him to keep their relationship on the down-low, he announced to the whole DEO that they were together, which was just...gross, not to mention highly disrespectful of Kara's wishes. We were told on numerous occasions that Mon-El had changed, but were never shown it. He fixed Kara breakfast and that apparently warranted him being a "changed man." Wow...the expectations are very low with this one, I tell ya. And by the end of the season, even though he kept telling anyone who would listen that he was also a hero, it was Kara that had to tell him to "go be a hero." There a countless more situations I could discuss, but the point of the matter here is that Kara was reduced to being the love interest in her own show. And we could get into how the writers decided to break up Kara and James before they even had a chance at a relationship and then replaced James with a boring, sexist white guy who also owned slaves...seriously, ya can't make this up. I was thrilled to hear that Katie McGrath was going to be in Season 3 as a regular, because I loved Lena Luthor's character. In fact, she was the only good thing about Season 2, to be completely honest. But unfortunately, not even Ms. McGrath can get me to watch again when they intend to bring Mon-El back and pretend like there was absolutely nothing wrong with the way his character was written. If you're looking to feel inspired by strong women, Supergirl is not the show for you. I'd recommend "Wynonna Earp," "Orphan Black," and even a new show called "The Bold Type" instead. Save yourself the frustration of seeing Supergirl/Kara fall by the wayside so that a good for nothing frat boy could take the lead and destroy anything good the show had going for it.
2 I watched Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 and was very pleased with how well it stuck to the book. Because of this, I had high expectations for Part 2. I mean, if you did so well in the first half, you have to do just as well in the second half, right? Right? Wrong.The movie started off very well, starting from exactly where it left off in Part 1 and staying faithful to the book all the way to when Harry and co break into Hogwarts. That's where it starts to go down hill.*Spoilers!* The good: Neville. He was perfectly perfect. I really wish they gave him more screen time because he was adorable.The Gringott's scene. Very well done.The emotion we are shown from Snape. Throughout the series, he's been rather monotonous and emotionless. In the pensieve, we see a different side of him and it is a refreshing change.The battle at Hogwarts. It was intense and wonderfully done.Helena Ravenclaw. It was very emotional and creepy. Although they did not tell us her back story with the Bloody Baron.Rupert Grint and Dan Radcliffe shirtless. That's certainly a plus.OK you know it's bad when I resort to writing about that.The bad: They completely took out the scene where Harry and Luna go into the Ravenclaw Common Room, where they are ambushed by one of the Carrows. It appeared as if they would show it, as I hope they would (I've always wanted to see the other common rooms), but then they don't. Hm.Fred's death scene. Gone. Yup. They show his body once at the end and don't even give you time to grieve before moving on to the next scene. This was an insult to his character's memory.Crabbe's disappeared. Gets replaced by Zabini, and replaced in a different way by Goyle.Snape's memories are rushed and they take out some of the most interesting memories. They just go through a few of them quickly. I've always enjoyed the memories, because you get to see life at Hogwarts through the eyes of someone else for a change, in a different time era.Hermione and Ron battle Nagini, and eventually Neville slays the snake. Eventually. It takes some time getting to that scene.There is not a single mention of Teddy Lupin. That is, until the end when Harry suddenly knows about Lupin's son. Weird, considering Harry was camping in a forest and hadn't heard of any of this.Collin Creevey is replaced by that random Nigel kid.The students are not sent home. No, the teachers think it's OK to just lock the Slytherins in the dungeons and let everybody else stay and fight.Still no mention of the significance of the horcruxes. Hufflepuff's cup is just a plain old cup that Voldy turned into a horcrux.Not enough interaction with characters other than the trio. Too much Harry. It's as if everybody else just have cameos.Random scene where they blow up one of the bridges (ignoring the fact that there are like 2 other bridges that would take them into the school).Voldemort's and Bellatrix's death = explosion into confetti!Percy's on the good side all of a sudden. No explanation at all (a reoccurring theme with Yates, don't you think?).Harry does not fix his old wand with the Elder Wand. No, instead he takes the Elder Wand and SNAPS IT IN HALF. Is that even possible? I didn't think so. So Harry breaks the wand and then chucks it into the abyss. Really Yates, really?All of the fun and cheerful dialogue from the future scene has been resorted to everybody staring and smiling at each other. No explanation once again. They don't even say who's who! Plus there is absolutely no chemistry between Dan and Albus Severus. And it was really awkward to see them all with old make up on.Goodbye Dumbledore's back story! Too many attempts at one-liners and humorless jokes.*End of Spoilers* All in all, all of the personality and charm of the series was zapped away in an attempts to make this final movie is action-packed as possible. It's a shame to see something that you've grown up with, learned to love, taken and twisted into somebody's 'vision.' I mean, why bother adding your own unimportant scenes to the movie, when there are perfectly good ones in the book that you did not bother using at all? There's no...bonding with the characters, no connection with them you felt in Part 1. I did not feel the love for this movie like I had with the book. There was just so much significance that was left out of that movie, and it is such a shame. It had such potential to be a fantastic movie, and it fell short all because of the changes that were unnecessarily made.See the movie, and I'm sure you'll form your own opinion of it. It's not a bad movie, just disappointing and unsatisfying for a die-hard fan who's been following the books for 10 years of their life.
2 Great film, loved the action, love the actors (not a Cage fan), but why is it they can never come up with an ending so they just "cut it". My suggestion to all those people that think they are super film makers, creating a film is like writing a book, you have to catch your audience in the first paragraph and have a bloody ending. If you can't come up with an ending then don't do the movie.
2 Last night I took my 2 daughters and a friends to see the movie. All of the girls had read all the books in the series (including me) and had been anticipating the release of the movie for over a year. The book is fabulous!! I taught 4th grade for 4 years and read it to all my Language Arts classes every year. I never had a student not like the book. It contains humor, action, friendship themes, and characters that contain quite a bit of depth and growth throughout the 5 books in the series.The movie was nothing like the book. The characters in the book are 12 years old. How are the next books to be made into movies if the culminating event of the series happens when Percy turns 16? The plot was totally changed. In the book the quest that Percy, Annabeth, and Grover embark on IS NOT to find 3 pearls so they can escape from the underworld after rescuing Percy's mom. In the book, he doesn't even know that she is alive. It is understandable that not all the adventures on the way to the underworld could be put in a 2 or even 3 hour movie, but don't make up new adventures that aren't even in the book.The true villain in the book is not even mentioned in the movie and several main characters vital to the plot and character development of Percy and Annabeth are missing. My 13 year old daughter-who waited in line for hours to get Rick Riordan to sign her book- wanted to leave in the middle of the movie because she though it was the worst movie she had ever seen. If the director had stuck to the book, it could have been an amazing movie and people would not be comparing it to Harry Potter want-to-be.
2 The second sequel to Raiders of the Lost Ark is an awesome, beautifully crafted film, and arguably the best of the Indiana Jones trilogy. The film is funnier, classier and far more laid back than the other two woody story lines, mostly because of the introduction of the excellent Sean Connery as Indy's eccentric father. Spielberg and Lucas get back on track after their off the rails first sequel in which to many peoples' horror had none of the Nazis or characters that made Raiders so unique, however, what Spielberg does to make this film a classic is the use of historical data with the swashbuckling storyline of adventure and action. Not to mention that this may well be the greatest feel good film ever made...
2 Maggie Cheung's Mrs Chan and Tony Leung's Mr Chow are husband and wife, but not to each other. Cheung is dressed gorgeously in no less than 46 Cheongsam dresses, each vivid and ornate, and often descends from the shared apartment in this formal dress and make-up to purchase noodles for a lonely dinner. Leung's hair is always immaculately gelled and styled, and he wears his one wrinkled grey suit with a sense of modesty in his presentation. They are in the mood for love, but they do not consummate it, for fears of becoming just like their cheating spouses. Wong Kar-wai's direction ensures that Mr Chan and Mr Chow are never quite clearly sighted face to face, through precise blocking and composition. In one transition, we see Mrs Chow, her back facing towards us via mirror, making another of her excuses over the phone to a lonely Chow at home. We then cut to the same mirror, with Chow now inquiring at her wife's work, his face full and revealing, flushed with honesty, sincerity, and looming heartbreak. The first of the those evocative slow motion moments, where the tender and mournful strings of Yumeji's Theme and the rhythmic Pizzicato plucks rise, has Mrs Chow then Mrs Chan enter the dining room, both with a sense of elegance and beauty. These recurring musical motifs signal each little moment of weakness, of coincidence, of intimacy through unspoken words and emotions. They brush past each other whilst purchasing meals for one in the alleyway, they work closely (but not too closely) on the martial arts serial, they lament their separation and missed opportunities. One time, her hand flirts away when he tries to hold it. Later, they fully wrap around each other and provide comfort in the bottom lit taxi. They belong to their respective spouses, but in that first scene we are already shown an inkling of what is to come. There's a clever moment where we open with a OTS shot of a man and Su having dinner, where she brings up those fateful accusatory words. The confrontation is allowed to continue and simmer with denial, before we finally cut to reveal that they have been simulating the whole thing. But it's remarkably authentic - they choose to wound themselves with imaginary dialogue, too scared to face reality. Doyle's (and later Ping Bing's) cinematography plays plenty with depth of field, often framing Chow and Su's moments from behind curtains, or blinds, or shutters of a cupboard, which are in the foreground and blurry whereas the pair are crystal clear in their emotional intimacy and lack of physical intimacy. This voyeuristic aesthetic works within the context of socially conservative Hong Kong of the 1960s - the supporting cast do well to create an aura of gossip, judgement and scrutiny of every tiny detail of the pair's lives, even more so in the shared proximity of the apartment. Mrs Suen misreads the recipient of a letter from a spouse abroad, and that little mistake is enough to create a storm of doubt and fear within both Su and Chow. My parents lived through this period of HK, and by all accounts the cramped, claustrophobic set is pitch perfect, right down to the fly screen cupboards that served as makeshift fridges. It's limited in scope and size, encapsulating the lack of space and privacy of urban Hong Kong. But it's not grimy; these families live in relative financial comfort in spite their domestic strife. Lush reds, browns, yellow and greens saturate and seep into the screen and work with the bold multicoloured dresses and the noir elements - in one scene a lonely Chow retreats at night to his office, framed by the single overhead light of his desk, the swirls of cigarette smoke billowing in the light and shade. Doyle cuts off the heads frequently and lingers on the body language and the attire, on the pretense of innocence and naivety. A simple dolly of the camera from wall to wall emphasises each lonely soul, so close and yet so far apart. In a lesser film, the presence of convenient downpours of rain might be criticised for a plot device in bringing together a couple. Here, it becomes tragic, because although they have the opportunity (the whole double spouse cheating plot is pretty much a rom-com script waiting to be written), they can't bear to take it. When Su finally gains the courage, she is too late, and the film slows down to an agonising pace where Chow waits for no one in the corridor, the same place Su later stands still, the red of her dress matching the curtains. A hotel, ripe for infidelity, is the location for innocent activities, unable to bridge the gap. In that final scene, Chow travels to Cambodia, finding a hole into the stone of the Angkor Wat Temple before whispering a heavy secret and covering up any presence of his visit with an earthly mound of soil. We then cut, and the soil is now sprouting blades of grass - he has carried this secret with him beyond time. In the Mood for Love is about two people, wrapped up in intimacy yet so full of guilt and sadness and despair for what they have done, and what they haven't. My heart breaks for them.
2 The Last Key is filled with recycled ideas and imagery from the previous Insidious films. Characters will make decisions in one scene, only to inexplicably decide the exact opposite in the following scene. Most of the suspenseful scenes feel ripped straight from the previous entries in the franchise (or from other similar series like the Conjuring or Ouija). Worst of all, The Last Key seems to feel the need to remind of you of the other Insidious films and previous scenes with needless flashbacks and reincorporation. The humor is often misplaced, pacing is disjointed, but at least the score will be sure to remind you of when you're supposed to be scared.Despite some cool looking sets, there is little to enjoy in this film. The Last Key is a bland entry in a tired series.
2 This is perhaps one of the best movies regarding WWII because of the point that Spencer Tracy's character makes towards the end of the movie in his summation. He points out that the defendants were people of ability and intelligence- some were even remarkable.  If all of the people that helped this terrible thing along were depraved criminals and monsters, then these events would have no more moral significance than an earthquake or a flood. That good, even remarkable people in a time of crisis can delude themselves into heinous crimes against humanity is something to remember, to be guarded against. Personal morality is more important than the good of the state or going along with someone else's idea of right. The movie is a bit long, it actually takes the time to go into depth with the characters. It is definitely a powerful statement about personal responsibility. In one of the closing lines, Burt Lancaster's character (a defendant) tells Spencer Tracy's character (a judge) that he never knew it would come to that- all those people, he never knew. Tracy's character tells him that is came to that the minute he sentenced a man to death that he knew to be innocent.
2 For the budget they had, this movie was terrible!! The special effects where awful! They had a lot more money... Why didn't you spend it on that? And the acting was horrible! It has been one of the worst movies I've ever seen... I really can't believe the dialogue and the acting. I've just lost 2 hours of my life because of this movie.The acting in general it was pretty bad, the dialogue was awful and the effects were worst. I was expecting a little bit more of this movie, it was the end of a saga, so I thought, everyone was expecting a little bit more, but it really showed us, that people just want to save their money, and just give the audience a sliced piece of the book. I'm really disappointed of this movie in general. People, please, save some time and don't watch it, it does not worth your time :/
2 CDF is arguably my favorite book series of all time, so I really tried to go into this with an open mind. Judging on it's own merits, I would rate the movie a 4 or 5: barely worth watching until the end, but not quite bad enough to bring back to Blockbuster before it's over. Judging it as an interpretation of the books, it doesn't even deserve a 1. Rule #1: if you're making a movie out of a series of popular books, you need to keep more than the characters names. And that is about all they left the same. Mannerisms, appearances, plot, everything was changed. Even the tagline for the movie is wrong, because the vampires in this series aren't immortal.The plot is about what you'd get if you threw the first 3 books of the series into a blender, dumped that into a tank of starved, ravenous sharks, then let all of histories greatest sushi chefs ginsu it until nothing recognizable remained. One thing that keeps popping up: YES this is a vampire movie, but NO, Twilight fans, this series was around for about a decade before the solar-powered disco balls ruined vampire fiction for us all.John C. Reilly gives probably the best performance in the film. While a good bit different than described in the books, his portrayal of Mr. Crepsley was at least entertaining to watch. William Dafoe appears for all of about 5 minutes as the supposed-to-be battle hardened veteran vampire Gavner Purl, except Dafoe looks and vaguely acts like John Waters. Ken Watanabe is merely decent as the circus owner, Mr. Tall. Michael Cerveris' character, Desmond Tiny, is supposed to be the embodiment of cold, bone chilling evil, but comes across as the flamboyant uncle you try to avoid at family reunions. I have nothing to say about Salma Hayek, who is there for eye candy first, and plot significance second. Finally, Ray Stevenson almost comes off as menacing as the villain Murlough, even though the character is supposed to have dark purple skin and glowing red eyes, hair, lips and nails, but following the source material is for squares Daddy-O! But Chris Massoglia, playing the lead role, literally could not have been worse. I've used this analogy before, but I have seen corpses show more emotion than this kid. In a scene when he has to fake his own death(undoubtedly causing his family and loved ones incredible pain and suffering, mind you) he acts as if he could be going to a pizza parlor for dinner. In the books, Darren is an impulsive hothead. In the film, Massoglia could have been replaced with a Bozo the Clown blow up doll and you would have seen more emotion (at least the doll would smile). Yeah, yeah, one could argue that he's young and inexperienced, but I don't buy that. I've known first time actors, many of whom were much younger than Massoglia, do much better jobs than he did. Hell, Anna Paquin won an Oscar when she was 12! If there is any justice in the world, Chris Massoglia will never work again and Edward Norton will finally win an Oscar.I did get one brief laugh towards the end though, when Reilly was fighting Ray Stevenson's character, and that was only because in the books Darren remarks on how short their fight was (supposed to be) because "they weren't trying to please action-hungry audiences", when the fight scene was nothing but spectacle filled, drawn out filth attempting to do just that.If you would like an emotionally driven, decently written vampire saga, read the Cirque du Freak books. If you'd like to see a book-film adaptation so bad that some electricity might actually refuse to power it, watch this movie.2/10, and that's me being generous.
2 I watched this show once to kill time before something else came on, and found myself hooked. Sure the show has some major flaws -- it's heavy-handed moralizing, largely terrible acting, corny plots, a tendency to take itself way too seriously, and with the exception of the Mary-in-trouble story arc, everything is wrapped up in an hour.But...Everyone in the family cares about the others (tho sometimes I think mom has just a touch of an Evil Overlord bent on world domination streak), there's no sex, no violence beyond what's required to make a point, and no swearing. We're drowned in that stuff every day of our lives in every other medium we have. It's nice to find one hour during the week that's free of it. And if it moralizes -- what's the harm? Frankly most ppl could use a bit of moralizing. The other thing I've noticed is that while they're a religious family, and they approach their lives by that code -- they don't force it down anyone's throat, and that's pretty nice to see too. While they are tenacious in their own beliefs, they do allow others theirs... except when it impacts their family, which is understandable.All in all, the irritations of the show are more than balanced by the sweet nature of the show, and the very family friendly spot it occupies. It may not be entirely realistic, but it's not entirely false either -- and if I want realism I can look at my own family which is just a bit *too* real.
2 First, a disclaimer, this movie was definitely not marketed to my age group (34-45) so if this sort of brainlessness appeals to you, then enjoy the movie. Second, I did watch this on a day when the best movie playing in the theater was King Kong......I chose this one hoping that the genre would keep me intrigued.I am a huge advocate of character building, I have never thought a movie could have too much of it. Perhaps it was the stereotypical references, the juvenile behavior assumptions or perhaps the sheer idiocy of script writing for the protagonist's friends (or maybe the terd in the back of the theater lighting up a joint), but I found myself asking the question, when is she going to die already and get to the mysterious plot. Her day just drug on; I have a hard time appreciating regular brainless speech, but this was worse than normal. You don't need to mix in so much foul language and friendly groping/flashing to hold a viewer's attention....unless you are just purely untalented as a writer. I am sure there are teenagers who do behave that way somewhere out there, but the majority do not. I don't think I have ever in my life walked out on a movie (with the exception of bathroom emergencies) in my entire life; I have this OCD desire of wanting to know how things end, but frankly; this time I don't.
2 If you've seen any of the DC comics and liked them, then you'll hate this. Yes, Black Lightning sets a new low for the CW's uninspired Comic book collection. Jefferson Pierce is a principal at a local high school and he tries to keep his students safe(really? how are kids in a high school in any danger). Those kids also include his daughters; Anissa and Jennifer. The latter is a teacher at the school.(Seriously, how old is this guy?) and the former is a popular rebellious teenager. There father hasn't been Black Lightning in a decade because of a promise he made to his estranged wife. But when the pilot calls for it... I mean when a gang called the 100 rise to threaten the city, Jefferson must rise to the occasion. Watch anything else, watch Supergirl, not even kidding, it's better.
2 Is it a science fiction film? If only they would screen some of my favorite movies from the sci-fi channel, they're so much better because at least they're versatile; and they probably don't cost a dime to make. Suspense and more suspense, it was only that. A real life shark is bent on killing people like a serial killer! The shark patrols the area like a human antagonist in a horror movie looking to kill anything that enters the water when we would naturally expect it to, which creates one predictable bloody scene and then more and more. I felt like I was definitely obligated to give the main character special attention for her staggering effort to stay alive rather than being entertained by it. In this movie a shark stays in one area (Next to stranded Nancy) for a long time and is motivated to take her down and kills others in a very repetitive chain of events way. The film fallows a mind-numbing 'survival' pattern with rest periods between the gory stuff. In a sci-fi movie called 'Attack of the sabretooth' some genetically engineered cats are bulimic and throw up after they eat so they want to keep hunting the humans to eat more which is flat out ridiculous and funny. In this movie a creature is motivated to keep hunting the lead character in a supernatural way but it's boring supernatural.
2 First of all I'm surprised that there's a sequel to 'Now You See Me' in the first place. The first film was a classy new take on the heist movie, but I certainly didn't think it needed a sequel.But Hollywood obviously dictated that it did,so nearly all of the original cast reunite for this rather silly follow-up that isn't nearly as good.It all starts well, but soon we're on a pointless jaunt around the world, with some poor dialogue and ridiculous plot points along the way. The minute Woody Harrelson ends up playing his twin I knew the game was up and that this sequel would join a long line of 'weaker than original' cash ins. It's a shame really, because this has a talented cast, who seemed game to make this a hit.The absence of Isla Fisher divides fans, some missed her, some didn't. I thought that while Lizzy Caplan brought something different to the role of female horseman, it didn't really work.A real mess of a film.
2 Comedian Dax Shepard has been acting on screen for years without making it big. He is perhaps best known as Kristen Bell's husband and being part of the main cast in drama series Parenthood" which doesn't actually say a whole lot either. But he is one of those actors who is willing to write, produce and even direct his own stuff if satisfying offers don't come his way. And CHIPS" must be one of these pet projects, because he fills all four jobs mentioned above, sharing the screen with co-star Michael Peña. There are actually bunch of other cool faces around in smaller roles, including – of course – Kristen Bell. But it's mostly about Shepard and Peña offering a buddy action comedy, so if you feel like you could like them, it's half a win for the movie already. (Sadly, there's smaller number of famous friends on screen than in Shepard's previous projects, 2010's Brother's Justice" and 2012's Hit and Run". I guess Bradley Cooper and Tom Arnold felt that they have done enough for him and let him sink or swim alone now.)Shepard is convincing in the sensitive/wise doofus role that he has chosen to himself, although his acting range seems limited in general. So he has surrounded himself with some rock solid players, starting with Peña who has the coveted ability to make every movie a bit more better just by appearing there. In this regard, he's like a young- ish Latin version of Morgan Freeman, or something. What is more important here: Peña can effortlessly do action, drama and comedy and there's need for all three here, Shepard couldn't hold the fort alone. And speaking of solid, we also have Vincent D'Onofrio who is every inch as imposing and magnetic as we have come to expect from this veteran thespian.Based on the classic TV series of the same name (1977-83), it's about the adventures of two California Highway Patrol cops. But it's not the eighties anymore, so we get currently widespread type of raunchy mainstream comedy with some action. If you want to measure the general style of the story and also the nastiness of the dialogue, you should check out the Red Band trailer, for example. It is not able to effectively share the quite enjoyable buddy comedy vibe CHIPS" has during most of its running time, but you do get an idea if you would like to see some more of it.The result is probably most enjoyable for the little teenage boy in all of us, with plenty of cursing, light violence and sex- or body- related jokes. If you can't catch their wave, you will probably be a little tired when the end comes. I actually enjoyed most of this raunchy silliness although I felt that the ending felt a bit rushed and half-hearted.It's easy to imagine that the success of 21 Jump Street" movies made pitching the project and gathering the money for CHIPS" easier for Shepard & Co. The projects are quite similar: old and loved TV series turned into modern American comedy, two likable guys in the middle of it all, verbally sparring, punching and shooting their way to glory.
2 If you liked the first two films, then I'm sorry to say you're not going to like this one. This is the really rubbish and unnecessary straight to video, probably TV made sequel. The still idiotic but nice scientist Wayne Szalinski (Rick Moranis) is still living with his family and he has his own company, Szalinski Inc. Unfortunately his wife wants to get rid of a statue, Wayne is so stupid he shrinks his statue and himself with his brother. Then he shrinks his wife and sister-in-law too. Now the adults have to find a way to get the kids of the house to get them bigger. Pretty much a repeat of the other two with only one or two new things, e.g. a toy car roller coaster, swimming in dip, etc. Pretty poor!
2 Full of unresolved conflicts and senseless scenarios. Drags along with no payoff on any level. One of the main issues throughout this movie was never hinted at in previews I saw. Had I known this topic would be so pervasive, I'd had never considered seeing this movie.Potential for a good movie was lost by failure to bother tying in, resolving, explaining, or reconciling any of the multiple story-lines. I could find no redeeming qualities in this movie. Moreover, it's an unforgivable waste of Matt Damon, Julianne Moore, and my time.
2 I can't figure out how these so-called "conneissuers of horror" are even remotely scared. There's not even a good jump scare scene. While Veronica was solidly played, in fact most actors did nice jobs, that was all it had going for it. I only gave it 2 stars for that reason. Don't waste your breath waiting to be scared, nor your time watching, both of which you can never get back.
2 I was so excited initially about this show, but so disappointed after the first episode. First of all, it's basically Friday Night Lights, except replace the football team with a theater group. The lead is just annoying and the show just isn't executed that well. Beyond that it is progressive propaganda on several levels.
2 This film is a profound expression of truth regarding friendship and betrayal.  Noodles, played by Robert De Niro and Scott Tiler (during childhood), is a simple man and a thug with one credo: you can battle the entire world but you never betray a friend.  During the course of this film we experience various pieces of Noodles's life, from childhood, through young adulthood and old age. We learn what happens to his friends, his foes and the love of his life, Deborah.  The time span considered is long, including Noodles's childhood shortly after the turn of the century, through the prohibition era, and finally the 1960's.The film is about relationships; the many years Noodles spends away from his friends receive only a cursory mention. The film, like life and memories, unfolds slowly and reflectively. Sergio Leone's cuts are long and each scene is beautifully amplified my Ennio Morricone's haunting score.  The story is not told chronologically. Instead, the chapters of the story are slowly revealed like pieces of a great jigsaw puzzle. Each delicious piece might make us laugh, or cry, or smile, or feel shock.  But, as each piece falls into place, a mystery unfolds. When the final piece is revealed, the true essence of the story becomes clear and a sad and beautiful tapestry comes into view.This film is a true masterpiece, expressing a profound statement about friendship and betrayal, with fantastic acting, writing, directing and music.  There is a shortened, two-and-a-half-hour version of the film released that is a disaster.  It is like trying to understand a jigsaw puzzle with half of the pieces missing. The original four-hour film can be viewed and enjoyed several times and each time the viewer will see something new.
2 Gawd, who is this movie written for? Is it just an automatic money making "no-brainer" (and I mean that literally) to have a female coterie reunite years later for alcohol, partying, clubbing, male stripper all at an exclusive vacation locale? Plot has been done too many times including guys' versions. Fifty years of progress in portraying intelligent resourceful women has been reduced and characterized to loud intoxicated "b..hes" trying to outdo each other in acting the stupidest. Oh, more dumbness in added subplot of some stranger dying which expands into a not believable, suppose to be funny, crime clean up mess which itself has been done too many times in film. Demi Moore makes a brief appearance and as in "Blind" shows little acting skill. In both films she basically just hangs on some guy and smiles.
2 Do you like the 80's? Do you like video games? Do you like being pandered to until you want to vomit? Well this would be the movie for you. This movie is less of a movie and more of review of all pop culture of the last three decades. One of the most blaring issues is the onslaught of huge plot holes that are never addressed to any extent. For example, despite the fact that this virtual environment has people playing from all over the world, it just so happens that all prominent characters are located in the same area. It also just so happens that, despite the characters not knowing the other players past their online avatars, immediately recognize each other in the real world. Trust me when I say there are much larger more absurd examples but they contain spoilers so I will refrain from mentioning them. Speaking of characters, the development of each one is a two dimensional paper cutout that does not go beyond "The protagonist is good", "The bad man is bad", and "The girl is a girl". There is no example of any earnest emotion a character displays or lasting impact that a character must persevere through, even when life altering events occur. This movie focuses more on throwing as many pop culture references on screen as it can than it does on presenting the plot effectively or developing any of its characters. I am disappoint.
2 Alfred Hitchcock......Oh dear, I'm going to upset a lot of people here. But he doesn't quite do it for me. So far I've sat through the 39 steps, North by northwest, Rear window and Psycho and so far only the latter has really entertained me. The premise of the film is great one....A guy laid up in bed, believes he witnesses a murder from his bedroom window, and goes about proving it. I like the idea, but Stewart's inkling and further surmises are so fat outweighed by the evidence brought to his bedside, that he'd be registered mentally ill if he'd continued with his allegations in real life...He is of course proved right! It reminds me a lot of 12 angry men, of which I have the exact same criticism. WHERE'S YOUR GODDAM EVIDENCE!!!!So what is my problem with Hithcock? Well I guess I'm of an age where thrillers have been made as being a lot more gritty...see Se7en, French connection and I suppose I'm basing my reaction to any other thriller upon what I've been brought up with. To me, there is a whole heap of plot-holes and lack of realism, that I just feel the audience of the day must have been very naive. But that isn't the case as films such as 'M' and Casablanca to name but two have proved.OK, so I understand that a film doesn't have to be realistic to be entertaining....Was the Wizard of Oz realistic...I don't think so, and to be fair I did find this film relatively entertaining, but I kept thinking it was supposed to be a thriller and those annoyances kept annoying me!!!!Maybe, one day I will get it...Maybe one day I'll be watching this again and saying to my grandkids how great a film it is.....But I think it'll more likely be se7en or 'M'! May your thunder begin!
2 Consider this not exactly as a review, but as a warning from a friend, in case you haven't seen this film yet and are curious about it. There are already many good reviews here dealing with the cinematographic, technical, cultural etc aspects of this film, so I won't add anything new there. This is not about the film, but about you, the potential viewer.As many other reviewers, I've seen a significant amount of "extreme" or strong horror movies. Fear and shock are powerful emotions, and films are a safe and entertaining way of experiencing them. Some of them left a deep impression in me, sometimes for a few days, but that eventually vanishes.With this film, it's a different story. It may leave permanent scars in your mind that will ruin some of the best experiences of your life, such as witnessing the birth of your child or lying in bed caressing a son's hair. Violent and obscene thoughts will keep intruding, and it's scary for me to think how much this can affect some people. If you think that you may belong to this group, don't risk it. There are many good films out there, and you may go on living without watching this one. Otherwise, go and watch it, but just remember that images can not be erased from your brain aftewards.This is why this is so different. The fear does not come during the movie. It comes after. And it is too real.
2 I feared the worst for this movie from the very first minutes, but I still truly wanted to give it a chance until the end. Despite some mind-bogglingly unforgivably stupid scenes you want to think that maybe somehow they can turn this crap-fest around in the end, so that it makes sense. They don't and it doesn't.This is the kind of movie that will actually make you upset that you wasted over an hour of your life in it. Unless you're something like 16, entirely swayed by baseless emotions and not too brightly lit. Only then might it be terrible for you, and that's the only way I can explain the surprisingly good average rating on IMDb.Certainly some actually talented people were involved with the production: both the visual and audio design and FX are pretty good, and that's what makes this somewhat of a tragedy. You know, because not a grain of that talent is to be found in the writing, acting or direction.Watch only if for whatever reason you really want to annoy yourself.
2 Who would ever name their son Harry Hole? That is one of the many questions that crossed my mind as I watched The Snowman, which I suppose is technically a movie, but fails miserably to deliver on many of the standard qualifications that 99.9% of all other movies meet.For one, most movies have an A plot and a B plot (sometimes more, but two a minimum of story lines is a reasonable minimum). The A plot is primary focus, while the B plot offers its own characters and conflicts who in some way tie into the A plot. This is usually the case because it makes sense that if two story lines are going to exist in the same movie they should be at least somewhat related. It makes less sense if the two story lines are completely unrelated.In The snowman, the two story lines are completely unrelated. Plot A involves the unfortunately named Harry Hole trying to solve a series of grisly murders. Plot B involves a powerful politician and the city of Oslo's bid for the "Winter Sports Cup." There's also a drunken detective who is in the movie sometimes. I have absolutely no idea what any of these three stories had to do with one another. This is a problem.One half of the movie does not connect to the other half of the movie. Does Harry know the politician? Is he a big "Winter Sports Cup" fan? I have no idea. This would be like if Silence of the Lambs was exactly the same except it added a side story about Chicago's mayoral election. Everyone would think, "Yeah Hannibal Lecter is terrifying and interesting, but what does he have to do with the new mayor of Chicago?" They had no consequence on each other.The two side plots of this movie had no consequence on much of anything. Neither really ended in a clear way. They only ended because they were not shown in the movie any longer, as if someone quit halfway through writing them. This is also a problem.For real tho, Harry Hole? The movie makes no acknowledgment of how ridiculous this name is, as if his name is Tom Johnson. We first see the name on an envelope addressed to him and I legitimately thought it was a gag, some inside joke from his pen pal or something.The whole movie feels like an inside joke that we're not a part of. The stories don't connect, the cuts between scenes appear random, and the "surprise reveal" of the killer surprises no one. The Snowman is a tremendous waste of your time. I suggest you watch something else. Anything else.
2 I am a huge Sandler, Rock, Spade, Hayek, Buscemi and I even like some Rob Schneider stuff but this movie made me laugh exactly ZERO times. I actually find it offensive in many scenes like the "sexy man" at the water park, the ladies ogle him and then when he speaks they laugh in his face. What was that? Then the 3 daughters with the third one not being an incredibly hot supermodel like the first two, why diminish someone based on looks? This movie is what is wrong with movies nowadays. I remember them promoting this movie on Howard Stern and they claimed it "was this summer's The Hangover". WOW were they off! The movie was vapid, childish and unnecessarily stupid but the worst part was that absolutely none of it was funny unless you find cruelty hilarious. This was no Billy Madison, Happy Gilmore, or Big Daddy, this is the worst movie Adam Sandler has ever put out. I saw rumors they are making a SEQUEL! Tip for viewers of the sequel, if they start the movie in a funeral and they make incredibly stupid cruel "jokes", just get up and demand your money back. Save yourself the rest of the time you'll waste on this movie.
2 I just got back from the movie and have a few feelings about it. It started out solid enough, we get to know the characters/motivations/weaknesses. Yes it was hurried but necessary and stylish.Then things drastically started to go downhill. DC's answer to Samuel Jackson is the stony faced Amanda Waller. She decides she needs to get these people together in case of another meta-human attack and by doing so she instigates the attack itself.So now we are faced with the big bad enchantress who we know nothing about and really aren't that committed to as a movie baddie. But that's OK... the bad guys aren't that important if our protagonists have good charisma with each other on screen. Here was my biggest issue. They just don't.The enemy ends up being a barrage of blackberry-headed minions and it begins to feel like an annoying video game. Step into a room, kill all bad guys, move on to the next room and repeat. To add insult to injury Rick Flagg even gets dragged away twice and has to be rescued like those ridiculous 'keep them alive' missions in video games. The action feels more suited to a war movie than to a comic book movie (perhaps the directors past is showing here)I wanted to like this movie, I wanted to like the characters but there were points where the dialogue was just so bad. TWICE, characters randomly hit on Katana to which she does not respond. It's not funny. TWICE everyone ends up ogling Harley Quinn. The attempts at humor in the movie were weak at best. Killer Croc utters so many pointless one liner's that are neither funny nor useful. It just didn't work. You want humor? When the characters are being shown their wildest dreams, give us a ridiculous seen with Boomerang. Give us some funny scenes with Diablo and stop saying 'esse' at him.I loved the romance with Joker and Harley.. give us more of that, don't squeeze the joker into a bunch of different personas.The bar scene was lovely, you felt the characters come close to something like a bond. Don't give us that at the end... give us that at the start of the movie, make us actually feel like these people mesh together well. They call themselves a family at the end but they have done nothing to merit that.Diablo had a cool scene at the end and Will Smith played an amazing Deadshot but I feel Rick Flag was just badly cast. I never really cared for the Rick and Deadshot scenes together on screen... It never felt like it really worked. Overall, I'll still watch DC movies, but I do feel like they are missing something that the Marvel counterpart has got right. Maybe it's heart, maybe Marvel just have more practice but I hope DC can redeem themselves next year.
2 This movie has nothing to do with the books I enjoyed as a child. In fact it was so poorly adapted that to even call it A Wrinkle in Time is an insult to the original book. If only I could fold time and go backwards to get my 2 hours back and the $$ it cost!! Save your money and your time it's not even worth renting!
2 This is bad, even for Leah Remini. I can understand why she came on the show but it was a terrible decision to do this. Then again the show was awful to begin with so CBS probably felt like they had nothing to lose. I wasn't expecting to see her working at all with her whole expose of Scientology, so I can't complain. People talk about how unbelievable the premise is and I get that but Kings of Queens wasn't the most believable premise either, even though I would give Kings of Queens an 8 on a scale of 10. Leah Remini needs a show where she can stand out on her own. Being inextricably tied in with Kevin James is a mistake. Katy Mixon pulled it off and I did not see that one coming. I don't even think that Jerry Stiller could save this show.
2 A show about bullies hiding behind their badges; while play acting as tough guys. American police were never meant to be militarized thugs, intent on intimidating the American people, and controlling them through fear. When Americans have finally had enough (and that time is coming soon) these thugs are going to be dealt with very, very harshly. I cannot wait for it to begin.
2 Just watched this last night, and I have to say it is one of the worst time travel films I have seen. For starters, the writing is a joke, the whole plot is weak and lacks any logic or intelligence for a movie based on science!! It is not smart and is filled with stupid plot holes that are quite insulting to us movie lovers. A lazy work of writing here.The acting does not add anything special from a group of teen wanna bes. The shaky camera angle was also boring and distracting to say the least. It actually started out well and showed potential as it created interest as the characters struggled to create the time machine, but once they succeeded, the film just felt flat and did not have any direction or goal and it lost its intrigue.Save yourself the time and money and skip this lazy attempt of time travel film making, if anything, it did not learn anything from previous films of the same genre
2 To start it off, i'm a big fan of dc cinematic universe, and the year 2016, hadn't been a good year for me and the other fans. Even though, i'll state myself optimistic, since actually, all my hopes and expectation fall into this movie instead. OK, Let's start with the strong aspects of the movie; performances and characters. well, i actually think this is what the director want to top off and show to the audience, thus forgetting the plot, which we will get into later. but the characters and the performances are well-performed- Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn really tops off my expectation. i'm a fan of harley quinn character, and she actually brought me the harley quinn i'm expected for- sexy, beautiful, it girl of joker's. while watching the movie, and whenever i'm feeling bored, harley quinn is there to make the scene fresh. and i think all audience, including audiences who didn't know her will love her and feel sympathetic to her. Will smith as deadshot actually didn't deserve much of my appreciation. i mean even though he's one of the great and strong aspect in the movie, i just thought i don't see will smith even trying to act, which weirdly works. watching Will smith here is just watching him using a kickass suit. Jared Leto as The Joker, is actually isn't the worst part of the movie (unlike what people might have said) i think that Jared Leto pull of a great effort into his character, and some scene of him showing up gave me goosebumps and own joys. but, maybe how little the scene for him is, or his character is pretty under-developed that just doesn't fit the puzzle in the movie. Viola Davis as Amanda Waller also brought up my her characther pretty well, as she played the cold-hearted leader Amanda Waller. other performances are great, like Joel Kinnaman, Jai Courtney, Jay Hernandez, Karen Fukuhara, and Cara Delevigne.The chemistry between the characters are great, as well as the development between their relationship. in my opinion, one of the strongest chemistry is Harley Quinn and Deadshot. Their chemistry is electric, funny, and watching them teasing, and slowly started to care about each other, is entertaining, and make me ship them together. even, i have a relationship that had a weak chemistry, that is Rick Flagg and June Moore's relationship which is bland, forced, and unnecessary. Now, parts that i think is the weak part of the movie, I think the plot is the main reason. The plot is lazy-written and under-developed,and at some point is pretty ridiculous. i don't want to get into it too much, since it will spoil some things, and i need you to watch the movie without spoilers, yet. even, i could tell you that the CGI is pretty cringy and sometimes, so does the visual effect between the scenes. the ending is actually rushed, predictable, and i think they could do better after building up the story of the fight scene.At the end, everything has its bad and has its good, what i really suggest for you to do is just lower your expectation, yet don't miss it either. it may not lift the hype as in the greatness in the trailer, but i think it's still a great fun must see summer movie , and you should enjoy it without all the overly negative critics.GUYS IM KIDDING THIS IS THE WORST FILM EVER DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME MONEY ON IT.
2 This show is a sham. The opening theme song states "I'm not your ordinary guy!" He is as ordinary as ordinary gets. The original premise of the show was to be about Kevin Jame's character's retirement from the police force. So what do they do after the first season? Kill off his wife, who was the only bright point on the show, bring back his former King of Queens co-star Leah Remini, and Kevin goes back to work. Completely veering from the original premise. They are trying to recreate King of Queens with another name. Period. Leah Remini looks tired and uninterested, Kevin James falls back on his tired physical comedy, and the supporting cast of friends and family just don't have what it takes to help propel the show forward. They have definitely lost the plot. Canned as canned gets.
2 I agree with another poster that said "don't waste you money on this flop". Father Figures is a vulgar film. It is sad that Hollywood is determines to make filth films when the films would have been much better and had a bigger audience if it was PG rated.Honestly, the actors should be embarrassed for being in this film, and not just because the vulgarity of it. The plot was terrible. The inclusion of Terry Bradshaw was stupid. Father Figures is suppose to be a comedy...I didn't hear anyone laugh. It is one of those movies that intentionally sets up situations that are suppose to be funny and then it delivers a predictable punch line. The audience already knows what is coming and it is not funny.This is a hard "R" rated movie, definitely not for children. Really, I'm not sure it is for adults either. It is just a bad movie.
2 Just went out of the theater and I'm still trying to recover. This movie is so bad in so many ways. The plot is so stupid! The actors are pathetic! The twist at the end.... what can I say? No words can describe it. Not scary, not smart, but incredibly pathetic. Please do yourselves a favor and don't waste your time and money. 2/10 and I'm being generous.
2 OK, I'm a HUGE fan of Spiderman...Liked the first movie, LOVED the second flick and was dying to see the third one. And since I live in Korea, I was able to see the movie tonight (SM3 opened in Asia 3 days before it opens in North America). I'm sad to say, I was let down by the third film.The biggest issue by far is the fact that there are FAR too many story lines going on at once. The movie feels very bogged down and not nearly enough time is given for proper character development.In this movie, there is Spiderman, Mary Jane, Gwen Stacey, "New" Goblin Venom and Sandman. Each character is given the bare amount of time for development.I'm assuming that since most of the cast is non-committal to returning for a fourth movie, the filmmakers decided to throw as many stories into this movie in case it was the end. It really takes away from the movie as a whole.The other big issue I have is the very forced sense of humor the movie tries to take. From a very lame riff on John Travolta's walk from "Saturday night fever" to watching Peter Parker dance to jazz music, a lot of the humor feels like it's was written for a SNL sketch.There is a very poor ending involving Spiderman and Sandman that defies logic.I sincerely hope this is NOT the last Spiderman film, because if it is, it's certainly not the best way for the series to end. None of the magic and originality of the second film are here. I hope that a decision is made to do a fourth film and I hope if a fourth film is made, the filmmakers decide to go back to what made the second film so special.** out of *****
2 what a let down, after all the fuss and rave reviews, the film is not a patch on the honk kong original. scorcese takes two and half hours to tell a very simple story that in the original had you tensed up all the way. here what we get is banal dialogue,(goodfellas again) implausible plot turns, (i'm trying to remember if infernal affairs plot was as ludicrous, take the fact that di caprio goes to see the police shrink, in the police building, what no ones sees him. the basic premise and point of the movie is when and how they are going to discover,each, it takes ages to get to this point, by which time i was bored silly with nicholsons way over the top performance, di caprio looked and sounded like he was about to cry any moment, but worst of all was that the film had no energy, it just sagged, this is now the third film from sorcese that looks tired, it started with gangs of new york, then aviator and now this, by this going, his next film will positively crawl to the end. overrated, overblown and forgetfull
2 How The Snowman became the film it ended up being will likely forever remain a great mystery of bad movie history.The Snowman's director Tomas Alfredson has publicly stated that his movie makes no sense, is missing a large percentage of its script due to filming time constraints and generally has stated that this is not the film he intended to make but that's no real excuse for the sleep inducing police thriller we get here.That The Snowman has been so universally panned and lamented is not surprising, as Alfredson is a filmmaker whose got run's on the board with brilliant vampire tale Let The Right One In and the great cold war thriller Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy, but his not the only reason why so many were genuinely surprised by the downright blandness that was this adaptation of Jo Nesbø's famous series of book's.Starring Michael Fassbender (whose literally never been less charismatic or uninterested looking and is now officially in dire need of a hit) and such co-stars as J.K Simmons, Toby Jones, Val Kilmer and Rebecca Ferguson, produced by Martin Scorsese, scripted by competent screenwriters that includes Hossein Amini and even edited by Scorsese's long time editing master Thelma Schoonmaker, The Snowman has all the talent in the world and manages to squander it in a genuinely frustrating and uninvolving fashion as we slog through 2 hours of an indescribable mess of proceedings.The Snowman may not be the worst film of 2017 but it's clearly the biggest waste of potential and Alfredson's claims that some hugely important parts of the story weren't even filmed don't seem too far off the mark as characters come and disappear, important story strands are seemingly passed over, while the central story of a brutal killer building snowman with severed human heads whilst taunting Fassbender's alcoholic detective Harry Hole with letters and phone calls just never becomes even slightly thrilling or engaging against all the odds of it doing so.It's a bizarre experience witnessing a film with all the elements of being something of note and just never taking hold on any facet of its being, Alfredson ads no flair or imagination from behind the camera, Fassbender sleepwalks through his turn, Marco Beltrami's intrusive score annoys from the outset, even some badly computer generated seagulls look like they've been animated by Microsoft Paint.With everything and everyone in The Snowman failing to make a mark or even give off the vibe that they care, it makes you wonder if this was a case of no one really being truly invested in making a good film, or at the very least thinking that it would all just fall into place with the minimum effort exerted, proving that you can have all the talent assembled and still make a downright poor excuse for a feature.Final Say - Not 2017's worst film but certainly the most disappointing, The Snowman could've been (and really should've been) one of the year's best thriller's, that not only had audience's on the edge of their seats, but eagerly awaiting more Harry Hole adventures in what's clearly supposed to be a franchise set-up.What we get instead is a movie more likely to lull you into a sleep, than raise any form of interest or suspense.1 fork out of 5
2 This was heartbreaking. This movie could have been...SHOULD have been so much better. I should have known not to get my hopes up since Peter Jackson wasn't directing it. I think that Spielberg was a little too personally close to all of the content that the book references for him to realize that so much of that content is what makes people love the book so much. He just sees those things and that period through different eyes than those of us who grew up during the period. He sees past accomplishments and a great catalog of his art. He has no idea of what his movies mean to someone who's childhood was essentially defined by them. This isn't a knock against a brilliant director, just a statement of truth - the artist will always feel differently about his own work than those who grew up loving that work. I'm sure that's why he left out so much self-referencing material, but the movie is so much poorer for it.So, from the aspect of a movie adaptation of the book, it fails miserably and is such a disappointment. A Peter Jackson trilogy would have been better. It just feels so rushed at 2 hours, 20 min.If you have no idea what's in the book, then this movie is at least a fun, mindless thrill ride, with outstanding effects and CGI, so it has that going for it. It's more for those that watched The Lord Of The Rings trilogy because "OMG, Viggo is so hot", rather than see Tolkien's vision come to life. It's the only explanation for the number of 10-star rating this film has garnered. That and hordes of shills. I weep for the lost opportunity that this movie represents. Spielberg destroyed the story, but I'm more pissed off with Mr. Cline for allowing it to happen. You, sir, are are a complete SELLOUT. You should hang your head in shame for having your name associated with this dumpster fire of a film.
2 Wow, I don't know how I can even have given it 2 points - everything about this movie sucks; it's badly written, bad acting, totally unfunny and a bunch of characters I couldn't care less about. It's absolute rubbish, totally predictable and you've seen it a million times before - you have been warned, watch at your own peril!
2 Wow, That was bad and I am the guy who likes the new Star Trek. I am no swat guy but do own guns. Now I get why people are afraid of them. Who writes this stuff? My first language is not even English and could not do worst. I like the actors just feel like some Hollywood guy just put this in production so he could pay for his mortgage at the end of the last 3 months.
2 This is the epitome of pointless movie remakes. Never does a scene  improve upon the original, or even introduce an element that might have  been overlooked or under-explored from Stephen King's source material.  It's not a shot-for-shot redo, but in its attempt to be faithful to the  themes and subject matter, nothing is presented with any spontaneity or  flair. There are no surprises and the creepiness of 1976's theatrical  adaptation has somehow completely vanished. Do the filmmakers honestly  believe they'll find audiences that are unaware of "Carrie's" plot or  the steady build to the spectacularly tumultuous finale?   Carrie White (Chloe Grace Moretz) is shy and odd, attempting to stay  out of the spotlight whenever possible. At school, she has no friends  and interacts with teachers and students as little as possible. Her  mother Margaret (Julianne Moore) is a fanatical, abusively castigating  woman, mentally traumatized from her own unhealthily zealous  upbringing. When the misinformed Carrie has her first period in Ms.  Desjardin's (Judy Greer) P.E. class, she thinks she's dying and is  mercilessly ostracized by her classmates. Tormentor Sue Snell  (Gabriella Wilde) recognizes her cruelty and convinces her boyfriend  Tommy Ross (Ansel Elgort) to take Carrie to the prom as atonement. But  bullying ringleader Chris Hargensen (Portia Doubleday) and her violent  lover Billy Nolan (Alex Russell) decide to lash out at Carrie again,  this time blaming her for their banishment from prom.  The opening sequence adds a touch of extra blood and distress to  Carrie's origins, with Margaret's uncertainty foreshadowing the teen's  own naivety toward her physical maturation. But it also warns of the  primary visual difference with this update: highly ineffective computer  graphics. "Carrie" is the sort of story that doesn't need to be  augmented with flashy, manipulated imagery, so it's particularly  disappointing that the use of CG only impairs the disturbing qualities  of the blood-splattering conclusion. Viewers will also likely scoff at  the inclusion of a camera phone, internet uploading, and a "Dancing  with the Stars" reference. Slightly modernized recreations of  strikingly iconic sequences are almost laughable.  Chloe Grace Moretz is sadly miscast as Carrie, clearly unable to convey  the unsettling awkwardness, reclusiveness, and eventual ghoulishness  necessary for deadly telekinetic mayhem. She's cute, capable,  reasoning, opinionated on her own competent interpretation of the  bible, and quickly learns to discipline her supernatural gift, which  appears to drastically contradict the previously terrifying aura of an  abused soul pushed to the limits. Instead of snapping, with her mind  spiraling out of control, she is instead a lucid killer specifically  exacting revenge. As soon as she dominates her otherworldly powers,  she's a superhero - not a crazed, unresponsive medium of reprisal. It  also doesn't help that the supporting characters are entirely black and  white: in their interactions with Carrie, each one is either genuinely  remorseful or a vengeful serial killer in the making.  Julianne Moore is more comfortable in her role, convincingly looking  the part, but isn't scripted to bring fresh concepts to the table. And  Judy Greer is a pathetically comical choice for the gym teacher. In  compensation for an obvious avoidance of nudity, a Cronenberg-esque  body horror idea is appended, along with a brief courtroom skit  (perhaps for realism), twin girl accomplices (Karissa and Katie Strain,  seemingly because they were handy) and a supremely out-of-place  dressing montage (like something out of a romantic comedy). The bland,  repetitive revisions to Brian De Palma's classic thriller repeatedly  summon questions as to why anyone thought it would be fruitful to  rethink "Carrie" so similarly, especially in regards to informed  audiences of 2013.  - The Massie Twins
2 I will try not to repeat some of what others have so brilliantly written in some reviews. I just add this in order to contradict the hype that has allowed this movie to be ranked so high in IMDb. The same has been happening with other movies, and that is a shame for IMDb, which is becoming unreliable.I want to stress the fact that the only complexity in this movie is trying to figure out how you can invest so much money in a script that continuously makes a fool of the average critic intelligent viewer! The story is not complex. It is deliberately confusing in order to conceal its stupidity. Nothing that really matters is explained in the movie.And there's so many embarrassing clichés (the recruiting of the team, the episode in Mombassa, the assault of the ice fortress, many of the action sequences)... the average viewer must be disappointed!And the dreams - which serve as the scenario to most of the movie - are populated by the utmost lack of imagination.Finally, there's the score, louder and louder, building a suspense that is never there, for everything is a dream, and we do not quite catch what there is exactly that can go wrong...Well, all in all, the movie is an insult to the average intelligent viewer and, having been directed by Christopher Nolan, an ultimate disappointment.
2 Despite being universally panned by critics and movie goers, Grown-Ups managed to perform well enough at the box office to warrant a sequel.The plot follows Lenny (Adam Sandler) who has moved his family to the town he and his friends grew up in, there he meets up with his friends (Kevin James, David Spade, Chris Rock and Nick Swardson.With the exception of a few additional cast members and many failed attempts at teaching morals, this movie is essentially the first movie. There's virtually no progression of story or character development, it's just one lame gag and pratfall after another.If you enjoyed the first movie, i say wait for a rental. For everyone else, go and see Pacific Rim instead.
2 This is a Gory, fun, Slasher throwback at its best! The minute I finished it, I ordered the Blu-ray! It's a must have. I really liked Art the Clown in All Hallows Eve, but this one amps it up in quality, acting, and gore. Visually awesome and such and 80s slasher feel! I was so pleasantly surprised! I expected to like it, but I loved it! Jenna Kanell is absolutely gorgeous, and I hope that Damien Leone directs so many more films! He's got a huge future in Horror!I'd say it's Not for the squeamish, but why would the squeamish be here anyhow? The gore and the atmosphere are Amazing! A+
2 Yes this film has amazing special effects, and the Hogwarts fight really keeps you on edge for the entire film. The fight between Voldemort and Harry was really well done, even though it deviates from the book, but being a film it has to.Where this film loses point is where it omits far too much from the book. This goes for the Half-blood prince too. In fact, I think all of Yates' films follow this pattern:I know they have to make some tough choices by cutting out what is not really essential. Though an extra 10 minutes would not have hurt. Dumbledore's past is only slightly hinted at in both films, but never explored. Leaves you wondering why they even bothered to mention it in either film. One thing I was really looking forward to was the fight between Dumbledore and Grindewald in a flashback of some sort. Aberforth neglected to mention anything though. I was also looking forward to the three-way duel between Voldemort, McGonnagal and someone else (I can't remember who), but that was also omitted. The Deathly Hallows aren't really explained, we never know that Harry's cloak is one of them, or that Dumbledore possessed all 3 at one stage. Makes the film's name seem a little pointless. Horcruxs are also rushed. No explanation for their significance. Also, why Harry is able to go back to life, the significance of Voldemort using Harry's blood back in film 4, is all left out. Most disappointing of all, is the ending. When Frodo destroys the ring, the movie doesn't just end. But when Voldemort dies, the movie ends a minute or two later. Lets not forget the 100s of death eaters that are still alive....what happened to them? There's no happy endings, rejoicing, no thankyous, nothing. This is another point where I think Yates gets it wrong. There really is no interaction between Harry, Ron and Hermione. In fact, Harry doesn't have much dialog either. He doesn't even look at his Dad in the forest. This really make the film feel rushed. As I said, once Voldemort dies there really is nothing else. You kind of expect some sort of happy ending with Hagrid, the Weasleys, the Gryffindor kids. But look, the film was still pretty good. I give it a 7 out of 10 and there's a load of review that will tell you why. Go read those. Also, the giants looked stupid.
2 Okay I wasn't expecting a masterpiece seeing it's an Adam Sandler movie, but come on this was as if they went the extra mile and recruited people to make it unenjoyable. There is not a single character I would deem worthwhile. It's one cliché after another: the 4 year old who still suckles his mommies breast (HA HA HA so original, and yet so hilarious...NOT); the old farting grandma; the housewife man (Chris Rock, I am more disappointed in you than in Eddie Murphy after he did Doolitle); the peeing in the pool...you know what I'm not even going to waste any more characters on this. If you still want to watch this, you're either under 14 in which case it's okay or in need of urgent medical assistance.
2 After years of trying to bring this franchise back to the big screen, Michael Bay and his company, Platinum Dunes was able to do it. Sadly, the effort was just as sad most of the recent Michael Bay films. Without Bay behind the camera on this project, we are left with an even worse story(if that is possible), and just awful action. This is my review of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.The film was written by Josh Appelbaum, André Nemec, and Evan Daugherty. Appkebaum and Nemec recently worked on the smash hit from 2011, Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol. While Daugherty is more popularly known for witting the recent film, Divergent. With the talent level behind this film, I'm surprised at how downright awful the story was written. It is true that a director can change things around but, on this movie I know of nothing like that happening, so the blame goes to this writing crew. The story is very quick, and rushes downright absurd backstories, only to force us sub-par action scenes for most of the movie. So, basically this is your average Michael Bay film, only this time Bay is only the Producer. Having let the movie sit in for a bit, I honestly see no good in this story at all. As I said it is rushed very quickly, to push the Bay style of a film. Not sure who to blame for sure, these writers are better than this, and the effort on this film was very poor.The film was directed by Jonathan Liebesman. Liebesman recently directed Wrath of the Titans(not an awful film at all in my opinion). His effort in this film was very poor. The action scenes seemed very forced, and look like garbage. The CGI was some of the worst I've seen in a big blockbuster like this. The acting from Meagan Fox, is as you would expect, garbage. This is nothing new and should be expected by now. Even the great William Fichtner(Eric Sacks) feels wasted in this film. That is a shame since Fichtner is one of the best actors today. Voice over work wasn't bad but, having Johnny Knoxville voice Leonardo was an awful casting decision. He literally adds an element of awful that I didn't seem coming. From the first time we hear him, you just want to punch the screen. It doesn't get any better. So, Liebesman gets a big fat failing grade for this film.Brian Tyler composed the score for this film, and also scored the film, Into the Storm, which will be released on the same day as this film oddly enough. Just as his effort was underwhelming in that film, I also thought it was mostly underwhelming in this film. There are a few action scenes where his talent is used nicely but, overall it is nothing special.Overall, this film is simply awful, and a giant waste of time. Sure the die-hard fans will rush out to see this movie but, a nickles worth of free advice, it will ruin your hopes. Children will likely want to see this movie as well but, be warned parents, there is a good bit of heavy action. For the rest who were on the fence to being with, if you really want to see this film, just wait until it is on home video. This is a rental at best, and even then it is a waste of perfectly good money.I went to a RealD 3D showing and will have some comments on that as well. The 3D scenes are pretty bad. Nothing that keeps you from paying attention during the film though. It adds very little depth and even less in items of popping out at the screen. So, if you truly do go out and see this film, then bypassing the 3D is the best option. Save that extra money.2/10
2 No really, it did. I couldn't believe how nice this movie made me feel as I was watching it. The story is a pretty standard hero's journey, but with the evil trolls or grendels or whatever eating happy trolls to get happy themselves. It seemed a little dark at first, but everything works out in the end of course, as this is a kids movie. It shows good and bad in equal measure, which I believe is how we should educate kids, not keep them in a bubble. The lessons it teaches are actually nice, don't give up, persevere, happiness is within. The boy troll (Timberlake) is so funny, especially in the beginning. Anna Kendrick is hilarious with snappy dialogue. The songs are a bit old fashioned, the fact that the writer is nostalgic really stands out. But they fit the story, rather than being just music breaks, so it's good.
2 I've been in the industry for almost 20 years and I had to create an account to say this: This movie was bad. This was a bad movie. This script should have never seen a screen the way it stands. I don't know if Steve McQueen or someone else screwed with it so much that it no longer worked, but someone murdered this script.Characters appear and disappear for no reason. Plot lines are thrown in, rolled around and pulled out. Then there is the miracle ending that's not foreshadowed in any way - a total Hail Mary - like the producers suddenly said: 'Yo, Stevie, you're sitting at over 2 hours... End the thing already before we run out of cash.' Ugh... Never have God (or his human counterpart, Brad Pitt) save your movie in the last 10 minutes. That's first-year film school stuff.I was hoping for a film like 2001's Conspiracy (http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0266425/) but instead I got this. What a total shame. This story should have been a masterpiece. It should have been a classic.The only reason I don't give this movie a 1 is because it is beautifully shot. It betrays a grade-school-level interpretation of history (Northerners were beautiful and cultured while Southerners were drunk whore-mongers who rolled around with pigs), but at least it was nice to look at.
2 So this is the animated movie that came out of nowhere and got a bunch of people of talking all because of it's trailer. Let me tell you right now, the red-band trailer for this movie is funnier than the movie itself. And the whole reason the trailer made me laugh was because at first it looks like a regular animated movie, then the swearing and sex jokes happen. Speaking of which, this movie is nothing but swearing and sex jokes, oh and stereotypes. Because writing personalities for animated characters is so difficult, almost every character is just a walking stereotype. The bagel's Jewish, the lavash is Muslim, the sauerkraut is a Nazi, are you laughing yet?!? That is the extent of this movies "humor", it is literally just that. So if you think swearing and sex jokes is the pinnacle of comedy, then this'll be the funniest movie you've ever seen. However, if you're above the age of 14, then this movie will just exist, exist and not be funny in the slightest. This movie only made me chuckle twice, I laughed more during "The Theory of Everything", and I'm pretty sure that movie wasn't a freakin' comedy!!! This is without a doubt the worst animated movie I've seen, and it's a shame that actors like Edward Norton had to be in it. I can't wait for the eventual sequel where all the food comes to the real world and interacts with their voice actors, won't that be hilarious?! Does anybody else think that the makers of this movie paid off top critics to give this positive reviews? Because I honestly can't understand why anyone who's old enough to see an R-rated movie would find this funny at all.
2 Absolutely horrible! People do not waste your money! I was hoping for so much more, very disappointed. The only similarity to Misery is that it was miserable sitting through it. Characters were extremely weak with no substance. The performances were decent, but its hard to elaborate on such a bad film. Sophia hope you deliver on your next piece of work, this was atrocious.
2 This movie is great for 5 yo girls. They'll love the abundant color, sparkles and soundtrack. Boys - not so much. My 9yo and his friend were squirming in their seats after the first 10 minutes, but the 7yo sister was entertained. Adults - well if you can drink a beer/wine or pass out until the end, this would be advisable - otherwise just shoot me.The story line is the usual predictable, overdone Cinderella story. The premise of cannibalistic Bergens who can only attain happiness at another's expense, is a little disturbing. However, this is squarely for the young kiddos - I suppose most will enjoy it.4/10.
2 So one lone dressmaker moves a huge mirror, a fitting platform, and a white wedding dress with a train into the conference room at a police station and no "detectives" see her? Guess what? Police captains can take personal time during the day, and can go to the bridal shop (also the dressmaker would keep the shop open for a client to come in after hours). This is just one example of the ridiculous scenes included- supposedly so Lizzie can walk in (the door wasn't locked) and see her friend in her wedding dress and find out she isn't asking Lizzie to help with the friend's wedding planning. Then the friend can get all sensitive about the loss of Lizzie's fiancé. These episodes are written by men, or adolescent girls- adult women don't act this way. Okay- I should have known it was coming- this show is based on a James Patterson book and executive-produced by the co-author. Mr. Patterson fails. Then there are scenes to expound on other personal relationships, and the story gets short shrift (which it deserves- no wonder they re-used a subplot from "Bones"- April 1st). Yes, I could go on- but I'll save myself and other viewers aggravation and say- I won't watch again. Viewers deserve better- so do the actors.
2 "Trainwreck" has gotten really good reviews and I did laugh out loud while watching it but it went downhill fast and in the end I felt like I needed a shower. "Trainwreck" is about Amy (Amy Schumer), a narcissistic, abusive, alcoholic and drug addicted slut who meets nice guy Aaron (Bill Hader) who falls in love with her. They begin a relationship and Amy's life changes. The drunken slut part of the movie offers some funny scenes, and some creepy, cringe-worthy scenes. In one unfunny and gross scene, drunken Amy attempts to have sex with a sixteen year old boy who calls her a "pathetic, childless MILF." She punches him in the face and his mother interrupts them. The scene seemed to be about the movie punishing and humiliating Amy. I didn't much like Amy. She castigates a man for breathing on her after one encounter. She is unkind to her sister within minutes of her father being buried. She treats Aaron horribly, taking a phone call during one of the most important moments of his life. "Trainwreck" is directed by Judd Apatow and written by Amy Schumer. They are both very funny and prolific talents but the material here is simply above their artistic maturity level. They know how to make funny scenes; they don't really know how to deal with a drunk who tries to get sober, or a malicious narcissist who tries to be nice to other people. Aaron is a sports doctor and famous athletes are sprinkled throughout the movie. That just doesn't work. You never really believe that LeBron James hangs out with this sports doctor and has heart-to-heart talks with him about his girlfriend trouble. The famous-sports-star scenes take the viewer out of an already rocky movie and lower the verisimilitude. It's also unbelievable that a sports doctor at Aaron's level would be so desperate for a girlfriend that he would put up with Amy for more than half a date.
2 The plot is simplistic, the dialogue is the same, the acting just so so..Whoever convinced Daniel that sitting in a cockpit of a plane for most of a movie would be riveting viewing should be fired. It was boring , silly, and the end of the movie just hammered the final nail into this utterly disappointing attempt at a thriller.Do not waste your time even out of curiosity.
2 Sherlock Gnomes is a masterpiece! Not only is it the best and funniest film ever made, but it is also the sexiest film to ever exist! That is entirely due to Mankini and his sexy dance that lasts about 15 minutes and made me love this gem even more! It even inspired me to buy a mankini of my own, but I will never be able to perform a dance nearly as sexy as Mankini's since I am merely a human mortal and not a God, like Mankini. If you love subtle, quality humor and genius filmmaking at its finest, this is the perfect movie for you! Ignore Isle of Dogs and take your kids to this masterpiece of cinema! This is, undoubtedly, the greatest film ever made!
2 No, no and one more time no. I was young when the first part came out and really liked it. Movie was made for 20-30 years old audience, and it's a very big disapointment that sequel was made literally for 10 years old children. Some actors are young (one is probably 13 years old) jumping on jaegers and trying to save The World it doesn't work at all. Making sequel for first part fans or trying to catch first part audience would have worked much better.
2 I have just finished watching this film, I have many issues with it. First of all, why are these PG-13 teen drama movies always seemed to be sponsored by Apple? I find this highly annoying.Secondly, there is no character development. I feel nothing for these snotty little rich kids going to university, they have all the best clothes, and all the best mobile devices, and so forth. Most kids going to university wouldn't even be able to afford Apple products. The entire film just seems like a cheesy ripoff of "The Ring", there are a lot of similarities. It also feels like it was mixed with the film "I Know What You Did Last Summer". A scene that really annoyed me was where one of the kid kills himself that lives in residence on campus, we know what is about to happen, and my issue was as he walks down the halls of this residence, you see no one in sight, the entire place is empty. Okay so everyone moved out and he's the only one in the dorm? Makes no sense to me. Then they break the forth wall at the end right before the credits, that set the teen drama cheesiness to factor 10. Final verdictThe director of photography was obviously a talented person, it had great direction, and the film seemed to flow quite nicely, but the idea and the story behind this film was it's downfall, with constant cliché scenes and just issues with the plot and unlikable characters, Also the fact that it was obviously sponsored by Apple is another annoyance, every scene had an Apple product in it. There is product placement and then there is this film. I give it 2 out of 10 stars, for the most part the actors did what they could, but there roles were cheaply written, but I must say the jump scares were perfectly timed, so at least someone on the set knew what they were doing. This film is watchable but in the end it will go down as a forgettable film, but this will probably spawn many sequels to squeeze a little more out of the teen drama franchise empire. Well at least it wasn't a remake.......
2 This film is really excellent! It's darker than the usual Agatha Christie. You have all the family members, brought to life by these wonderful performances by the likes of Glenn Close, Christina Hendricks, and Gillan Anderson --and everyone hates each other. And somehow, this gorgeous Max Irons, by not playing the stereotypical macho detective, adds a realistic sense of tension and pathos, as he struggles to solve the case and figure out his relationship with the victim's granddaughter --beautifully played by Stefani Martini.
2 Lost patience to go further after 25 minutes. Kinda bored to watch this slow, going nowhere, daily happenings in America's every neighborhood. But one thing I've found out during watching, Abbi Jacobson is a very good actor with natural, unpretentious performance. She's not as pretty as some of the female actors we used to see, but somehow I've found her very attractive to look at with a quiet charm. A very talented actor I must say. The screenplay is a bit of bland, mixed 4th of July with her boyfriend's birthday to throw a party. There's no big deal to tell, just her lousy brother's heroin addiction roused a turmoil in her daily life and the family.
2 If you're a sci-fi / horror fan, you're going to find A LOT wrong with this film. First of all, the laws of physics are basically IGNORED. *there is no sound in space*. Nor is there enough gravity from, say, a space station, to HANG and have to JUMP across wreckage. No story, little plot, terrible acting, weak set design, the list goes on and on. Jeez, they really didn't put much effort into this. Boring, stupid, and stoopit. Not worth the time.
2 With its (all intentional of course) cheerfully colorful cinematography, cheesy music and one-dimensional supporting characters, it's easy to miss just how brilliant The Truman Show is; it's in fact one of the most important cinematic creations of the 1990's, at least as important as darker films like American History X and Fight Club, and one that works on several different levels. Because while it works quite clearly as a sarcastic satire and a commentary on the destructive and intrusive nature of the media in the post-modern age, in the light of the reality TV syndrome which was at the time just starting to grow, it's also a philosophical metaphor about the state of mankind.For Truman's story is man's story; and it's difficult not to see the importance in the names given to the lead characters. True Man's life, the film says, is an illusion, a lie. Or perhaps  all our lives are illusions, but the True Man is the one who figures it out and seeks a deeper truth. In its essence the point is very similar to the one The Matrix made; The Truman Show is a fascinating trip through Plato's Cave, and while it takes a rather simplistic look at Plato's philosophy  because any other way would be impossible in a film of less than two hours  it doesn't dumb it down. The Truman Show is a deep and intricate film that deserves repeated viewing and gets better with time, and can be discussed for hours.Writer Andrew Niccol  who made his breakthrough debut one year before with the critically acclaimed cult favorite Gattaca  lost the Oscar that year to the Academy's favorite Shakespeare In Love, and director Peter Weir got most of the credit for the film; but while it's certainly an important achievement for Weir and the best film of his long career, it's Niccol's sarcastic, intelligent, innovative script that made The Truman Show great; that, and the amazing performance by Jim Carrey, who showed his fantastic dramatic skills here for the first time. Carrey is enchanting in the lead role as the ultimate everyman Truman, and we're as fascinated with him as the show's fans in the film. Praise should also go to Ed Harris, who plays Christof, creator and director of The Truman Show (and again, special attention should be given to the character's name)  and also to Laura Linney, Noah Emmerich, Natasha McElhone, Harry Shearer, Peter Krause, Paul Giamatti and the rest of the wonderful supporting cast, both in Truman's world of Seahavan and in Christof's 'real' world. Finally, a word of praise for the excellent musical score, composed by Burkhard von Dallwitz and the great Philip Glass, which compliments the film's atmosphere to perfection.The Truman Show is not an easy movie to absorb; it's a disturbing tale and a disturbing message, which takes some time to seep in, and while it's entirely unconvincing as a reality and even as sci-fi, and feels more like a metaphor than a story of a specific man, it's also entirely involving and demands to be taken at face value. Truman's character is irresistibly charming, and just like the people watching The Truman Show, we believe in him and identify with him completely. The beauty of The Truman Show is that it's lots of fun; it proves that entertainment and art are not necessarily opposing ideals. By being entirely entertaining and gripping, it gets its messages across a whole lot better.The Truman Show is now eight years old: the way I see it, once a decade has passed, a film can begins to be considered a classic. The Truman Show will pass that test. In any possible aspect, The Truman Show is one of the absolute best films of the 90's, and one that will remain relevant long after reality TV has bitten the dust.
2 This was bad.... really bad! I am a big disaster movie fan and can sit through most things, but wow this was really boring.. the characters are shallow, predictable and the chemistry between them stilted and forced.The special effects were OK, but you just didn't get any sense of the fear because there was no character that developed enough for you to fear for them.I think a better movie would have been Gerard Butler developing the satellite system and saving the world from Global Warming in the first place.. at least that may have been believable.I watched Geo Disaster on Syfy the other day and at the time was thinking that it would be a poor mans Geostorm.. but seriously it turned out to be the better of the two films.. that should tell you just how dreadful this film was. It only gets 2 because the special effects were OK.
2 I had the misfortune of sitting through this movie with an elderly patient and his wife. NO ONE laughed much in the entire theater.The jokes were obviously written either by a 12 year old boy or someone with brain damage.Why does Jennifer Aniston keep playing the SAME character over and over? Adam Sandler is supposed to be a plastic surgeon and Aniston his assistant. Their unprofessional behavior would have me running from this office. Jokes were stupid and crude. Sandler fakes being married to pick up women because he was hurt years ago at his wedding. Stupid premise to begin with and it just got worse and worse.Nicole Kidman did nothing to liven up this dreary mess.Avoid this like the plague unless you are into sadomasochism.
2 It's like being force fed cotton candy and liquefied lemonheads for 2 hours with one vaguely triumphant sounding chord on loop for same amount of time.When it was over I felt both sick and relieved.I never walk out on a movie (except for Cyborg in the 80's) but I really should have on this one.Acting - horrible, writing - horrible, everything - horrible.Oprah - nearly ruins the movie with her overbearing OpranessAnd speaking of overbearing...does EVERY single character have to be racially different these days, are we at that point where we're scared just to cast actors instead of races?Never a moment that you feel anyone is in any dire threat that they can't break out of by spouting out hallmark greeting cards!So, tell someone you love that you love them today! Eat plenty of cotton candy and lemonheads liquefied! and join the real IT which isn't just a bad movie but also starts with two other letters, s and h.
2 I liked Honey I Shrunk the Kids, Honey I Blew Up the Kid and the Disneyland 3D attraction Honey I Shrunk the Audience, but I didn't like this film. And part of the reason why is because I found it unnecessary pretty much. I wanted to like it, but I found too many problems in order to enjoy it. That said it is not the worst sequel ever like Home Alone 4 or Superbabies:Baby Geniuses 2, and Rick Moranis does at least try hard to still maintain the likable character he created in the other movies. But really, it is strictly direct-to-DVD, and regrettably it isn't good really...at all. The problems primarily lie in the predictable story, the leaden direction, the repetitive gags and the awful script, while the rushed camera work, lacking acting(with exception of Moranis) and forgettable soundtrack don't help matters either. In conclusion, for me this was disappointing and not recommended. 2/10 Bethany Cox
2 I swear this movie was written by a 14 year old. The depictions of science, adults, money, cars, explosions, technology, parenting, office buildings, law enforcement, progression of seasons, gravity, global warming, and magnets are obviously from the viewpoint of someone with no experience with any of the above topics. If Capri Sun produced Interstellar, it might look like this.
2 Not sure what is going on here but the votes went way up but they aren't in the demographics. This movie is really bad. Fine for MoviePass but don't pay even a matinee price for this trash.
2 After, at least, two movies already made about this hijaking in the past, you'd expect a 2018 film bringing some more details of it and the unbelievable military operation, to light. Otherwise, why make yet another movie about Entebbe?Well, apparently the moviemakers wanted the audience to see a "human" side of hijackers. 7 days in Entebbe is about how uneasy feelings, grievances and ,believe it of not, attempt at redemption of terrorists.That's where the focus lays, not on men, women and children under a gun, or Israeli special forces unit which conducted an operation which, since then, never been matched.At times the movie felt like a second rated prime TV flick than anything else: with poor screenplay, editing, scenery sets and pathetic attempt to depict a battle to free the hostages.
2 Grade: B-In a Nutshell: With original music by Elton John and Bernie Taupin, this gnome animation is a gentle introduction to Sir Arthur Conan Dole's classic story of Sherlock Holmes. It has action, comedy, good music, and uplifting themes, making it an entertaining movie for kids and watchable enough for parents.Tips for parents: Profanity like "Cheese & Crackers!" and "Fertilizer!"You see quite a bit of a dancing gnome in a thong. If you saw the first Gnomeo & Juliet, you've already been introduced to Mankini, a character kids will laugh at, yet one who is pretty inappropriate for young children, in my opinion. The first Gnomeo & Juliet was rated G, but this one is PG for using some rude and suggestive humor. Mankini's appearances definitely bumped up the rating. There is some potty humor that will make most parents squirm.Some subtitlesAll British accents and landmarks in London.Uplifting theme: "We all have our good and bad sides." - Watson (Chiwetel Ejiofor)"A man doesn't make you strong, but the right partner can make you stronger." - Juliet (Emily Blunt)"We took our best friends for granted. We stopped listening. We stopped giving them the respect they deserved. They were the last thing we were thinking about and they should have been the first." - JulietFamily and friendshipsThings I liked:Star-studded, award-winning voice talents include James McAvoy, Johhny Depp, Michael Caine, Emily Blunt, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Maggie Smith, and Mary J. Blige.The animation is very well done with impressively expressive characters.Lots of physical gags and entertaining visuals.Fun soundtrack of popular hits and new songs.It uses several different types of animation, which I thought was cleverly done.A couple of twists. I love twists.The sound effects were really good, allowing you to hear the clay pots and hear the weight of the gnomes.Stay to the end of the rolling credits to see a few more little things.Kids will like the use of modern technology in the story telling.Things I didn't like:Sherlock Gnomes is pretty annoying and not very likable. If only they had gotten Benedict Cumberbatch to play the voice! He does a fantastic job in the TV adaptation. That would have been awesome and hilarious. Don't get me wrong, because Johnny Depp was fine, but Cumberbatch as Sherlock...come on!There are a lot of jokes that kids simply won't get because they're references to older generations, like the River Dance gag.I started to get bored. It felt like a video I would put on for my kids at home to keep them occupied while I got some work done.Funny lines:"To be fair, it was needlessly complicated, but that's what super villains do." - Moriarty
2 In 1989 Disney scored a surprise box office smash with 'Honey, I Shrunk The Kids', a fun adventure for all the family that placed a handful of miniaturised kids in a perilous and amusing thrill ride that showcased some truly amazing special effects. It's success led to a sequel in 1992, 'Honey, I Blew Up The Kid', a joyous effects-heavy romp about a rampaging over-sized toddler that although not quite on par with it's predecessor was nonetheless frenetic and entertaining. Then in 1997 came 'Honey, We Shrunk Ourselves', a direct-to-video sequel. By this point only Rick Moranis as wacky inventor Wayne Szalinski remained onboard. Marcia Strassman as his wife Diane is replaced by Eve Gordon and Bug Hall takes over the role of their young son Adam (their other kids Amy and Nick are mentioned but not seen). 'Honey, We Shrunk Ourselves' pales considerably in comparison to the other two entries. It seems overall to be very pedestrian with woefully inferior effects and a dumbed down script. The budget is shrunken dramatically and it seems to solely target the very youngest audience with it's heavy handed life lessons. Even Rick Moranis appears bored by the proceedings, turning in an adequate but tired performance. It's a shame that a series that had started out on a high had to end with a bargain basement clunker. It's probably best to skip this entry and re-watch the other two 'Honey' films instead.
2 Firstly... I am a critical viewer, there isn't much that captures my attention. That said, I have thoroughly been enjoying the mystery behind this series.Yes, this is not the classic story of Van Helsing but rather follows a mysterious woman named Vanessa (Van). I can't quite get into detail about how in depth her character is due to immense spoilers but it is fantastic thus far. Some folks mentioned the poor take on vampires, without watching more than a few minutes of the first episode I imagine.The vampires are regal, composed, elegant and event ancient. The rabble running amok on the streets are blood starved vampires that have gone feral due to a lack of a feeding population. This is not an uncommon theme with vampirism!This series, unlike the vast majority, actually has me asking questions! For the first time in decades I am excited with regards to the vampiric lore. Where did -these- vampires come from? What is Vanessa's origin story? What is her relation to the Van Helsing of yore? This show offers a fresh perspective on an apocalyptic situation and vampires, weaving both together in such a way that I feel I am watching something NEW.Heck, I even made an account to post a review after avoiding account creation here for many... many years. Summary? -Excellent make-up -There is nothing wrong with the acting -Fresh and interesting take on vampirism -Riddled with intrigue -Worth a watch for vampire and apoc fans alikeConclusion? Give the show a chance before rushing her to bash it without making it passed the first episode...
2 Wow, I am so disappointed in Disney right now. I was expecting so much from this, but sadly it was absolutely terrible! The movie and acting was so cheesy and cliché, I couldn't help but cringe throughout the movie. Chris Pine deserves a much better role than this, especially after his great performance in Wonder Woman. I mean, how could Disney release this kind of rubbish? Did they even watch it before they release it? Did the director even try? 'Cool' visual effects that made the film look like a compilation of advertisements DOES NOT equal to a good movie! Wow.
2 Although it's not Lawrence of Arabia, and Robert Pattinson suffers from O'Toole comparison, director Werner Herzog still brings to life the hitherto little-known heroine, Gertrude Bell (Nicole Kidman). Her exploits at the beginning of the 20th century helped cast a favorite light on Bedouins and Druses as she moved among them and helped negotiate the end-of-WWI land split in Arabia and environs.Herzog will have to suffer my criticism that remembers his crazed but magnetic wild men like Aguirre and Fitzcaraldo. Queen lacks the energy in his many stories of madmen like Aguirre. Here, while Nicole appears aristocratic and smart, she never rises above the thoughtful scholar or emerging anthropologist.Alas, too much is the time spent with the two loves of her life and not enough time among the tribes and diplomats she had to corral to get her inside unknown territory. Why must women in movies still be defined by the men they love? Herzog is not at his best with virtually half the film watching her dance around the Tehran Embassy diplomat, Henry Cadogan (James Franco), and the British officer, Charles Doughty-Wylie (Damian Lewis). Herzog misses the more romantic possibilities of her involvement in the war effort in favor of two not very interesting romances.That her loves tend toward their suicide hints at the powerful woman who could have sparked these annihilations. Kidman, a fine actress who gives a nuanced performance here, is mostly directed to play coy more than adventuresome.
2 Frank Capra's fans give Capra high marks for his film making. He was a great Director. But Capra's detractors said he was known for his "corn" rather than art. If truth is art, then Capra fails, not to entertain, but as a truth teller. Capra is one of the first "message" directors. In this movie, he goes against the Washington establishment, political hacks and powers behind the throne. The sad fact is that nothing has changed because human nature has not changed. Capra creates the Character of Jefferson Smith, played by Jimmy Stewart in an great performance. The supporting cast performs as well under the direction of Capra. Whether Capra or the writers are to blame is not known, but the Smith character is a caricature of a real person. And because he is not real and the story is not reality. If this movie was considered a comedy, so be it, but critics have had 60 plus years to consider this movie as a significant comment on good versus evil. Stewart's character is chosen by a shallow Governor to fill a US Senate seat and his choice is not "the best candidate" for the job. Nothing unbelievable in that, , but Smith's character is stretched beyond belief. To become a US Senator, you must be at least 30 years old. Smith is introduced as someone with the maturity of a 15 year old. With no wife, no girl friend; he acts like a 15 year old when introduced to mature women. Taking a tour of Washington leaving his homing pigeons to the care of others, is also the behavior of an adolescent. Capra wants us to believe that adolescence is synonymous with honesty. It is not. Nor was his striking journalists who portrayed him as a dope.Somehow this idealistic character takes on the corruption of the world in the form of a junior Senator and conquers all. And discovers love and gets the girl in the end. If you like vintage syrup, this movie is right for you. Just remember, its just a movie, and in real life, the bad guys usually win.
2 Now, I don't think it was IMDb Top 250 material, not by far but it still should have been up in the "6"s. First let's look at the basic for the movie. Lost in Space was a television show from 1965 that was very low budget. I. Allen had to work from a shoestring and it showed. The show was a "kiddies" show, something that the kids enjoyed while Mom and Dad was able to snicker at the goofiness of it, (but not too loudly or the kids might get mad). Then the show progress into one that centered around three characters, that of Will Robinson, Dr. Smith, and the Robot. Mr. And Mrs. Robinson, Major West, and the girls were just so much window dressing and fodder. This is what the director of the movie, Lost In Space, had to work with. Either he kept as close to the original show as he could or he struck out in a totally different direction, such as what happen when they made Wanted Dead Or Alive for the big screen. It's not high drama, but then neither was the original show. Comparing it to the TV show, I believe that the director keep to the same spirit and I say it's not a bad rendering.
2 Remakes these days are almost always terrible and having seen production photos of COTT before its release, photos that didn't inspire much confidence, I decided not to see the remake on the big screen, opting to wait for it on DVD or download. I always had a love/hate approach to the original which I saw at the cinemas when I was a young teen. So take this as someone who's not a fanatic of the original and was going to hate any remake from the get go. With that said the new film is thoroughly awful in almost every way possible. Except for the beginning (which is OK, not great), the action packed but not suspenseful Medusa scene and the clearly OTT ending, there's nothing much else to see. The entire cast of characters is uniformly unpleasant. Not one likable character in the whole thing, including a growling Perseus (played by one-note Aussie actor Sam Worthington). This is difference with the original. I basically liked almost every characters, no matter how cardboard they were.Here's a breakdown of the film:the changes to the story (humans vs gods) doesn't make any sense.Adding the religious/cult storyline with the crazy leader was awful. It added nothing and the character was annoying as hell.It doesn't really look Greek at all but more Pompeiish than anything else. The design of Argos, though spectacular during the climax, has absolutely nothing to do with Greek design/architecture.the look and design of Mount Olympus is tacky. Looks like a cheesy sci-fi movie.Like the original, the other Gods do not have much to do.In the original, Perseus had to tame Pegasus which made sense, for a Heroic journey. In the remake, Pegasus, who's black, appears to him and, well, that's it. Totally dull. The original was much better in this regard. And the reason they made Pegasus black because the CGI is more forgiving than if it was white. the scene with the scorpions doesn't make any sense whatsoever. In the original, the Medusa's blood mutates the scorpions into big monsters but in the remake, Calibos' blood (after his hand was cut off) drips on some sand and the scorpions appear from the ground, killing most of the men from Argos but then Perseus and his men team up with the mysterious beings that use the big scorpions as transportation like nothing had happened! Huh?the set for the Medusa scene is pretty good and the Medusa is OK as a superfast slithery creature but the scene is more action than suspense. And Sam wears flesh-colored tights during many shots, which makes it look very silly.The ending is so over-the-top that it's almost a thing of beauty. Here's a breakdown:It takes the Kraken 15 minutes to surface. There's slow and slow, but man, that beast is constipated.The Kraken looks like a turtle/octopus/that monster from Return of the Jedi thingyThe climax occurs during an eclipse. Why?The ending or confrontation between the Kraken and Perseus is ridiculously drawn out, extended by having those winged demons snatch the bag with the head of the Medusa (how did they know what was in the bag?)the action is often so confusing that the characters have to tell us what's going on such as when the winged demons snatch the bag, Perseus yells that they stole it because we clearly couldn't see what was going on.Andromeda, which is not the love interest in this version, hangs from the sacrificial altar hundreds of feet above the sea, strung up by her arms, which she never seems to find painful. Unlike other Sword & Sandal films where people were in extreme pain when hanging from their arms, Andromeda is remarkably calm and nonchalant about it all.When the Kraken becomes a statue, the whole thing is beyond silly. It looks like the monster has a sudden rash. It crumbles from its own weight and Andromeda falls in the ocean and yet Perseus is able to find her underwater amidst the whole chaos. He must have a heat seeking device on him.- Sam Worthington's Aussie accent can be heard throughout the movie. Plus the fact that his hair is not in style with the times, the less time Sam is on screen, the better it is.The score is totally forgettable, unlike the Laurence Rosenthal score for the original, which is beautiful and soaring.All in all, this remake is at times so bad that in its own way becomes a thing of beauty. I mean, how can a film get it so wrong on so many levels? Even the brief cameo of Bubo, which was a sight for soar eyes, was mishandled. The film was a huge success and even though the Kraken is dead and the Medusa is headless, Warner has already greenlighted a sequel!Because of this remake, I have to re-evaluate the original, which, after watching this suddenly comes out as brilliant on almost every level, including the fact that its more in tune with Greek mythology than this unpleasant version. Well, I still find the original uneven at best but it's also more enjoyable, memorable and far sexier too.
2 i think i'm fortunate in that i'm not familiar with Blakey Lively so my view of this film wasn't influenced by her image. i will reiterate what a previous reviewer said and with it, justify my 2 out of 10 rating when he said " god dam she look hot in a bikini." i hate to admit it, but slogged through this whole film thinking it could only be redeemed if she somehow lost her top. but frankly, that's all this movie has going for it. look out, spoilers inc.everything about this film is terrible. from the beginning opening scene to the final credits (i sat through it -all-) it was if i was watching a college film project made by an ambitious stoner, his entourage of two stoner buddies, his hot girlfriend, a neighborhood kid and a venice pier trained seagull.i'm convinced the people who compare this to Jaws in any fashion have never even seen Jaws or are somehow mistakenly thinking of Jaws the Revenge in which case i'll remind you that it's the one with Mario Van Peebles in it. the really terrible one.Soul Surfer is a better shark movie. Finding Nemo is a better shark movie. Little Mermaid is a better shark movie.this movie is just crap. the CG is well overdone and it seems the animation crew shared the same enthusiasm and skill you'd expect from a senior citizen inserting their 3.5" floppy disc, discovering the dial up glory of AOL online and creating their first Myspace page complete with "can't smile without you" MIDI soundtrack. temporary suspension of disbelief is required if you want to believe a shark is more interested in a struggling, hot blond than 2 tons of dead whale protein.complete disregard for the physics of tides if you want to believe that one minute you're catching rolling 8 foot waves with your bros in the surf and 10 seconds later, are chilling with your homies in glass calm water well past the surf break.it doesn't end. the ominous unnamed beach. the seagull. the go pro (and suddenly unattached helmet). the tide. the belief that nature ignores tides. and that buoy. just please, please don't watch this film.
2 There is absolutely no thought put into the plot of this movie. The characters have no clear motives, the pacing is incredibly awkward, and there is zero correlation to any preexisting Cloverfield story line.
2 This movie is not bad, I dont think it is bad in any way, I dont think people understand the problem with this movie.the problem is not that it is bad, the problem is that there is too much going on and because there is so much going on you have a hard time connecting to any character and you have trouble concentrating on one story. that was my problem anyway, one minute you are follwing the mute guy in his quest to find the woman and the next scene you are following Paul Rudd for no reason. it didn't make any sense at first, it felt disjointed and it felt like one story was taking over the other. When one of the stories became interesting you would jump to the other one without any connection, without any rhyme. It didnt feel like a movie but it felt like two episodes of a show being cut between each other. The characters do connect at the end but by then you lost all interest and you are too confused about whats going on. The other problem is that the sets jump too much from futuristic to regular. you would be in a Blade Runner like place at one point that looks totally futuristic and the next minute you are in someone's apparment that looks like it came from the 80s. at one point you are in a futuristic city street and the next second you are on a regular bridge that looks like a street of today. it just didnt make sense. (at one point i was wondering if the scenes in regular looking sets were Flashbacks or went meant to be scenes from the past because the change was too drastic)I kinda wish we only followed one story, i wish half the movie was one story and the other half the second story. I wish the sets were more consistent.
2 Lucy Hale was the only thing worth 2 stars. The movie was stupid and I couldn't go past 5 min. You can clearly tell it was written by people who don't smoke due to the fact in the first scene Lucy practically threw away more than half a blunt.
2 Although the performances were fine, the story was a muddled mix of bad science (gravity doesn't work like that, not in any of the scenes) and sci-fi cliches, with several random mentions of the word "Cloverfield" shoe-horned in inexplicably. The film introduces several "haunted house" elements that are never explained.There is less than a minute of content that connects this to the other Cloverfield movies, and as minor and inconsequential as the connection is, they still manage to contradict the events in the other films. No one can watch this and find it faultless. The 10/10 "Must see!" user reviews were presumably written by publicists.
2 When I purchased my ticket to see Spring Breakers, the girl at the counter issued a verbal warning that the movie contained "Much nudity, sex and violence." "Keep going," I replied. "You got my attention." She should've instead warned that this movie is a bring-down. At first, it's like a high-quality version of the Girls Gone Wild videos. Stunningly-beautiful examples of young American womanhood getting it on, and it's superbly filmed. That's the best idea for a movie since . . . since . . . Girls Gone Wild! How could anything go wrong? Primarily, there's the script. It may have been written on the back on an envelope or a cocktail napkin. Or they may have taken it from one of those dreadful 99¢ amateur Kindle novels. A movie consisting solely of scenes showing Selena Gomez and Vanessa Hudgens . . . uhm . . . "showing affection" would've made me happy, but after the scenes of drug and alcohol use, the girls meet up with a local gangsta who wears gold prosthetics on his teeth. James Franco is deliberately made-up to irritate one's retinas.At this point, if only they had concentrated on the girls, the movie could morph into a Floridian version of the X-rated 1999 French film *Baise Moi* (banned in Awstralier), but the pace is more like *My Dinner With André* -- without the dialog.It's suddenly a chix-with-guns movie, and I'm down with that, but for a violent shoot-'em-up flic, it moves painfully slow. A slow action-movie? That's like 3-D in black-and-white or a horror movie with cute, cuddly bats. How can it be that scenes of the girls fondling firearms make you wonder when the movie will end? The crippled dialogue becomes more-and-more annoying, and the apologetic ending induces dismay.It would be silly to complain that such a movie is unrealistic and not even plausible, but the scenes of the holdup and then the girls wearing bikinis to court are absurd. Each quarter-hour becomes progressively worse, and I began to suspect that the the movie was covertly funded by the clergy in an effort to turn youth away from sin.Leaving the theater, a kid in the group of youngsters ahead of me exclaimed, "That's the worst movie I've ever seen!" Spring Breakers may thus induce young men to join the priesthood. *See?* it says, *Give into temptation, and this is what will happen.* The wages of sin are tedious to watch.Anyone can make a bad movie, but it takes a perverse genius to ruin fine T&A.
2 It is actually impossible to rate a twilight film as "good" because it's an established fact that those films make zilch sense and do not provide any remote sense of satisfaction to the general moviegoers apart from the amazingly passionate legion of fans called "twihards". So when a person who is not a fan of the series says a twilight movie is good, it means that it is still terrible but not as terrible as the other ones.The final instalment of this outrageously successful series, called Breaking Dawn part 2, tries the patience of the viewer for the first 30- 40 minutes. There is hardly anything that happens apart from the trademark Edward and Bella moments and a little bit of shirltess Jacob. There is also a poorly done CGI baby which is called Renesmee, Edward and Bella's daughter. Just when you contemplate walking out of the cinema hall, you get to see something that can be perceived as a successful attempt to placate the disappointed audience. There is a very well-executed battle sequence with a clever twist that makes you wonder why such scenes were so sporadic throughout the series. Yes, the battle sequence was effective damage control.The performances were mediocre as opposed to the hitherto awful monotony that the cast put up in the past four movies except Pattinson,. who still continues to look jaded, but you can't really blame him. On the whole, for an non-fan, this movie would visually punish you for a while and then give you a breather during its last 20 minutes. If you think the ticket cost is worth those 20 minutes, I suggest that you watch it. Bland film otherwise
2 Charles Hayward (Max Irons) formerly in the foreign office, now a private detective has been asked by the police to look into the death of a ruthless Greek tycoon Aristide Leonides who was also the grandfather of his old girlfriend.The Leonides family all live in a large rambling mansion, rich, overindulged and cruel. Lady Edith (Glenn Close) is seen blasting moles on the lawn with a shotgun. She is Aristide's late wife's mother. Also in the house is Aristide's new wife and presumed sole heir to the estate as well as his son's their wives and grandchildren. All seem to be discontented.The setting is the late 1950s, you get some trips to London and early rock and roll. However the film is flatly directed, there are several street shots with period cars but apart from that it looks cheap and I was unsure whether it was a period piece at times.Max Irons is a bland lead. The film takes a while to get going and the story is not that interesting. A rich eccentric dislikeable family, so what? The movie would had been better if it was directed with some flare and a pared down screenplay with some suspense and tension.
2 Blake Lively diving better than a shark, burning water, surfers that go surf without letting anybody know about spot and timing spoiled this movie but the bird was a solid 2 stars. Gotta love a good animal performance. Oh wait, he was animated? Right...On a serious note probably the worst movie I have seen this year. Some beautiful shots with solid acting but the storyboard is just ridiculous and details such as wrong light for different times in the day are frustrating. Not worth watching...unless you like watching a bird's wing getting fixed by a med-school dropout. *chirp-chirp*
2 I was really looking forward to see this movie after I saw trailer for it. Oh, how I was wrong. I can't remember when have I seen such a bad movie in every aspect of it. Stupid dialogues, bad acting, really shallow plot... And of course, how can we bypass politics from real life... In movie, several countries participate in making the technology for saving Earth, but no Russians, they are bad, they don't want to save planet where they live... Really... Puke... At least I've collected a lots of points on my Cinema bonus card, so I watched it for free...
2 Http://nickkaminskysblogspot.blogspot.com/2018/01/review-proud-mary.html
2 This series is dramatically rubbish. 1- the acting is terrible, it sounds so fake2 - in the first 10 mins, you have sort of a "quoting play game" between father and daughter ...what is for??? it did not add anything to the scene whatsoever3 - Too much "clichés" of the American Black community, gansta, pimps, hip hop music... so pathetic4 - then yeah the "one-step-too-far" slur that makes our hero come back up ....and the way he makes his come back woooo man..it looks so fake, so badly played, so inconsistent that you can only but feel sorry for the guy !I do not even understand how black actors can be embarking in that kind of garbage movies or series...have a bit of respect to yourselves and your community ! I had to stop after 15 mins that will never be given back to me.
2 This show is Horribly directed with Horrible acting. The plot lines are pathetic. It is so predictable with the last 5 years of dramas in the market with NO refreshing ideas, If they are trying to compete with other shows, then they failed miserably.. ABC....Cut the cord quick!!!
2 Formula films - genre films - are often much maligned. The problem with having familiar layouts and tropes in any art is that the creators might come to depend on them rather than build on them. When the armature becomes a receptacle there's a problem. Well, there's no problem with this inventive, energetic college drama. Peter Weir's cunning stroke is to centre the iconic 'carpe diem' sequence around old (beautifully sequenced) photos of alumni: the day to be seized is not some new idea but a traditional one, he seems to be asserting. This isn't a film about outmoded ideas but complacency.Robin Williams is excellent, playing John Keating as a puckish sage. Robert Sean Leonard performance as Neil Perry is most affecting, possibly setting a benchmark too high for the furtherance of his career to date. Ethan Hawke is the green observer, a character who would have been cast as the narrator if this had been a period piece. Kurtwood Smith does a dependable turn as Leonard's father. 6/10
2 So this movie is a sequel to the Divergent, pretty likable movie.The movie kinda starts where the last one left us, but the story turns very boring quickly.When it comes to some action, it's just plain horrible. So many clichés, but even worse. For example, a group of trained professionals shoots at people running towards the train. Shooters are basically hidden in the woods and shooting the runners, they don't hit anyone, but the runners shoot back (with no aim basically) and manage to shoot some. Facepalm #1.Later there is another scene where these "runners" are attacked by armed professionals. They appear in groups and descend on the roof of a building by some ropes, as they are shooting at these runners. They can't hit a single person out of three, although they are running away from them in a straight line. When they reach the roof, they keep shooting but miss every time.At this point I started laughing at the stupidity of it and left the cinema. Yes, it is THAT bad.
2 When I saw this was written by Shawn Ryan (The Shield, The Unit) I had high hopes, especially with actors such as Kenny Johnson and Patrick St.Esprit (Sons of Anarchy). But alas, from the beginning, it was just cheesy, clichéd, lazy, and predictable, fluff. This show has every cheesy cliché in the book. If you want a gritty edge-of-your-seat cop drama, this is not it. This is more like a candy-floss combination of the A-Team and TJ Hooker. It seems little more than a vehicle for pretty-boy Shemar Moore to 'star' in by posing, pouting, and smouldering his way through each scene.
2 This film starts promisingly with an eye-catching and unsettling image: then the first dialogue (or should I say "direlogue"?) scene starts, and two things happen. One, the dialogue is awful. Two, the instruction in Acting 101 "Make the most of your pauses" has been translated here into "Leave 5 seconds silence before replying to anything which has been said." The self-consciously clever-dick direction, at its worst, leads to an interminable sequence which is supposed to represent a catwalk show in which nothing happens (and it doesn't happen repetitively, too) for what seems to be half a day. Refn thinks he is being clever in his direction: he isn't.The first 80% of the story is trite and obvious: the final sequence is ludicrous. Refn again. Perhaps it's supposed to be a metaphor or some sort of metaphysical commentary. It's still ludicrous.Lesbian necrophilia and cannibalism? I was too busy being bemused (when I wasn't being bored) to be outraged.If I had been even slightly engaged, I would have been left with a bagful of unanswered questions afterwards. As it was, I didn't care enough to be bothered, although I will chuck one out, just for fun - what was the point of the mountain lion in the motel room? What did that add to the narrative? As expected, the Refn Fan Club is full of the usual "If You Didn't Understand This Parable Of Modern Existentialism It's Because You're Too Thick" nonsense, to which I reply Emperor's New Clothes.If you don't see just one film this year, please make it this one.It's a stinker. And a boring, tedious stinker at that.
2 This movie is terrible. It seems like it was made for the sole purpose of being as weird and as twisted as possible. "You know what's dark? A guy who marries women and kills them for their money." "You know what's even darker? A guy who does all that because he's in an incestuous relationship with his older sister." You get the feeling early on that there's something strange between the brother and sister, and in the back of your mind, you're thinking, "I really hope this doesn't end up being one of those weird brother-sister things." And then it does. The most original twist in the movie is that you're supposed to believe that the sister has killed not only three of the brother's wives, but also one wife's child--it turns out that the child is actually the sister's and died from being malformed and sick.Regarding the horror, this movie is not remotely scary. The visuals of the ghosts cease to be scary when the first one appears. There is so much CGI put into them that it looks overdone and super fake. Ghosts need to be done with a light touch because familiarity with monsters takes away their scariness.As for the acting, it wasn't bad but the only one worth mentioning is Jessica Chastain, who plays Lucille Sharpe. She's really good as the creepy, twisted, and perverted older sister.And as for the writing, I never believed that the characters Edith and Thomas were in love because the courtship part of the story seemed rushed. And the awkward and dry sex scene did nothing to convince me.Oh, and normal people can't bleed as much as these characters did without dying. So, is there anything good about the movie? There a few small things:1. Wardrobe: The filmmakers wanted Edith to stand out, not only from the villains, but also from the side characters. Edith was usually seen in bright colors and has blond hair; everyone else was in dark colors and black. 2. Literary References: During the film, there are three references made to some of the best novelists of the 19th century: Jane Austin, Mary Shelley, and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Which is strange, because writing seems to take center stage early on, and is then swept aside completely in the second act. 3. Paranormal Theory: Early in the film, the character Dr. Alan McMichael (Charlie Hunnam) discusses how he believes that ghosts are tied to certain places because of stone or mineral deposits in the earth. This is an actual theory in the modern ghost hunting community, but I'm not sure if they were aware of this fact in the Victorian period.In conclusion, I cannot recommend this film to anyone. It is daytime TV tripe. Don't go see it.
2 I think watches of Castle, The Mentalist or White Collar would enjoy this. I enjoyed the premise of the pilot and liked the dynamic between the two main characters. Looking forward to more episodes, I feel the other bad reviews are overly critical.
2 This movie is boring, poorly written, and stupid. It's not stupid in a fun way, either. I went into this movie with expectations that I would have for a Transformers movie; I hoped for explosions, fun action scenes, and cool CGI. Guess what this movie had? NONE OF THAT. Because it was so boring, I was forced to sit through boring scenes of people talking about boring back stories.This movie suffered from the same problems that Superman v Batman and Suicide Squad suffered from: they tried so hard to fit so much stuff in, that the pacing is terrible and nothing feels like it goes together. The whole movie is very forgettable except one scene... (Spoilers, kinda)The opening scene, when the Red Ranger (who's character name I can't remember and can't be bothered to go back and look) gets into a car chase with the police after pulling a prank at the high school. The cinematography and camera-work is fantastic and really got my hopes very high for the rest of the movie. It's reminiscent of the tank scene from Dawn of the Planet of the Apes. It's a little difficult to pay attention to everything that's going on, but at least it looks cool and keeps you engaged, UNLIKE THE REST OF THE MOVIE. Overall, I would say that no matter what reviews people read, they're going to see it no matter what. Also, (spoilers again) when they finally morph into the animal robots (I never watched the show much, so maybe I just don't get it) they play the original theme song from the show for no reason other than to force nostalgia. At least the original show, from what I did see, was campy and fun. This movie can't decide if it wants to be serious or funny (just like Suicide Squad). Come to think of it, this movie has a lot of similarities to Suicide Squad, except with Suicide Squad, it had more than THREE ACTION SCENES IN THE WHOLE MOVIE. This is a bad movie. Go see it.
2 I had zero expectations but my sister forced me to accompany her to watch this. It was literally worse than I thought it would be.Utter waste of time and money. Don't do it! Wait for it to come out on DVD or stream it online.The movie is filled with weak acting, cheesy lines, over use of background music, poor storyline, predictable ending. Really such a waste of talent for John Hurt and Joseph Fiennes.I wasn't the only one laughing hysterically in the cinema. 2 stars that saves this movie (for the scenery, set design and costumes).
2 Blade Runner is one of my favorite films of all time for a number of reasons: 1) Amazing groundbreaking trailblazing visuals that spawned an entire genre (aka "cyberpunk"). 2) Superb music by Vangelis that is integral to the film. 3) Great characters and amazing acting. 4) Underlying philosophical themes of corporate oppression (Blade Runner is just a small cog in a huge machine just carrying on with his life doing the job because otherwise he's reduced to nothing), existentialism (what it means to be human) coupled with Biblical references presented in a subtle way. 5) Amazing practical special effects that make the world around the characters feel lived-in. 6) Meticulous attention to detail, lighting in particular. While "2049" is nothing more than a mere attempt at recreating something in the style of the original by a studio committee ticking off the items in the checklist. The result is abysmal because it does not introduce something new in terms of visual design, interesting characters, music or story. On the contrary it tries so hard to tie itself to the original it's sickening. Call it fan-service or pandering, either way it leads to the movie being a highly derivative product that exists solely because of the original.1) Plot lines that go against the premise of the original (Nexus 6 being able to reproduce, new Nexus 8 being easily distinguishable from humans) are stupid. 2) Acting is horrendous. Ana "Pouty lips" De Armas couldn't hold a candle to Sean Young not to mention the pretentious for pretentiousness sake Jared Leto. Ford is here for a paycheck and Gosling is deliberately one-note. 3) The music is a lame attempt at copying Vangelis' beautiful score.4) Too varying visuals leave you with this feeling of an inconsistent world that doesn't follow the idea of polluted lifeless post-industrial world where the sun doesn't shine, it's constantly raining and the only light outside the building is that of the advertising that seems more real than anything else. 5) Running time. The original was purposefully slow while the overblown running time of the sequel comes off as director loving certain sets and trying to savor them far longer than he should've. 6) A myriad of logical mistakes and plot holes (kids with a 100% matching DNA are of different gender).7) The opening shot with the closeup of an eye is almost beat for beat with the original. 8) The zooming sequence is hammered home by the sheer repetition. 9) The characters are bland, unoriginal and politically correct female copies of the originals, namely Madam and Luv. 10) The opening sequence is the unused part of the Fancher's script (watch Dangerous Days documentary). Overall it seems that producers/writers have an erroneous idea of made the original film great. As if stuffing Biblical references into Neon- lit set pieces, inhabited by some pale copies of original characters and extending the awkward silences would amount to a great movie. To sum up "Blade Runner 2049" does not reinvent the wheel, does not offer anything one-of-a-kind or even slightly memorable. There is no reason (other than cash flow for the studio execs) for it to exist. Save the cash and rewatch the original that actually challenges your intelligence and leaves you with a lot to think about.
2 Imagine the challenge a movie publicist must face when given the task of promoting a motion picture that preaches social orthodoxy, that presents a dystopic present-day condition as reality, and leaves the audience to depart the cinema depressed over the state of humankind. A truthful description of such a film is box office poison. A false image must be cultivated in the minds of prospective movie-goers. If it's The Cider House Rules, you sell it as the inspiring story of a young doctor who devotes his life to care for underprivileged orphans. If it's Downsizing, you film a trailer that depicts it as a light comedy about yuppies making the decision to shrink their bodies to 5 inches in order to enjoy a better life. Your task is to sell tickets; your responsibility has ended there. You don't have to make the audience actually enjoy the movie. The publicity team including Kate Cavendish, Jill R. Fox, Lon Haber, and Lisa Shamata excelled in this task. There are some very good performances among the players supporting Paul, Matt Damon's profoundly uninteresting lead character, including Hong Chau as a Vietnamese housekeeper who becomes a large figure in Paul's life, Christopher Waltz as a playboy neighbor, and Rolf Lassgård as a Norwegian scientist whose work led to the bio-shrinking process. Photography is wonderful in paces, particularly the fjords of Norway. Visual effects are both stunning and realistic, though at times the scale of "big people" vs "small people" are not entirely consistent from scene to scene. Industrial Light & Magic creates a stunning visual depiction of the Utopian city "small people" city of Leisureland. Writer and Director Alexander Payne builds several entertaining scenes during the initial 45 minutes of screen time as Paul's decision to "go small" is agonizingly made and carried out. It is in the scrip that Payne and Co-Writer Jim Taylor fail. Indeed, the only entertaining bits are long stretches without any dialogue at all. Starting with a thought-provoking premise, no conflict is introduced into the story for the first 45 minutes, at which time it is revealed that Paul's wife Audrey (Kristen Wiig) reneged on her promise to join Paul in the "small" community. She disappears and is never seen again beyond an awkward sight-gag phone call involving one eyebrow. The entire wife character could have been omitted as surplus filler, and probably should have been. Neil Patrick Harris and Laura Dern are similarly wasted as a couple who present a sales pitch for the downsizing process as though it were a time-share. Jason Sudekis walks through as a downsized friend from Paul's high school years. We are asked to believe that the newly-constructed "small" Utopian society has been purposely built to include a shantytown to which all the "ethnics" (mostly Spanish-speaking) are exiled, just beyond an impenetrable wall, a poorly concealed statement on contemporary politics. By the end, this movie becomes a tale of the End of Days in which we are told it was already too late to save mankind from itself; there was never any hope and we just didn't know it soon enough.Moviegoers may be forgiven for not only disliking this movie, but also being for angry at having been duped into paying money to be shown something entirely different than was advertised. Those who believe that mankind should be punished and exterminated might enjoy this movie. All others should avoid it.
3 This will be the first time I have ever written a review for IMDb. After watching the movie the other night, I had to check the scores on the site as I usually do. When I saw the score of a measly 4.8 out of 10 something compelled me to write this review.From start to finish it was gripping and interesting. It has been a long time ago I saw such an original piece of art. I'm not a cinegraphic expert by any means, but I recognize a gem when I see one. Go see it !
3 We had some hope this movie would be OK, but alas, it was raunchy, vulgar, and even lewd. I saw very young children coming in to watch this movie, being the 2nd one, I thought they probably knew what they were bringing these little ones to see. It hurt my heart to see the low and base behavior that was made to be funny.Now, if the children repeat these things, will the parents laugh? How about what the young boy did after kissing the young girl? Do it in school and you will be tossed into a law suit.Weird behavior between father and son, not to mention odd language. Mel Gibson acted drunk, not that he was suppose to be. Always laughing and showing bad adult behavior.This definitely was not a movie for children under the age of 12 or 14. There were really young ones there at 5-6 years old and it hurt my heart to know these children were exposed to this type of behavior and their parents approving of it by taking them to it.
3 It's an interesting retelling of Snow White, and I rather enjoyed the idea of Snow White ending up with the Huntsman as opposed to the fairly personality-less prince.One gets the feeling with this film, though, that Snow White (portrayed by Kristen Stewart) deserves the prince with no personality, as she has very little personality herself. I cannot call this film completely awful, because casting Chris Hemsworth as the Huntsman I believe was an excellent choice. He is full of animation and character, even a bit godlike (Thor-reference intended) and is the perfect hero for the film.You get sort of a Twilight feeling with this film, though, because Kristen Stewart makes what was supposed to be warrior-Snow White seem like she needs all the supporting cast to give her a personality and save her. She isn't her own person in this film or the Twilight films.Charlize Theron, being the excellent villain that she is, ends up overacting and makes her role seem extremely over-dramatic. Obviously, the evil queen is supposed to be desperate and, well, evil, but you get the feeling that Theron is actually over-acting to make up for Stewart's lack of it. Even when she's supposed to be happy, you get the feeling that nothing is going on in her head. Stewart's method of acting seems to be empty one's head of everything and say your lines. Toward the end, when she makes her speech to rally the troops, it is the most emotional we have ever seen her in the film and I had high hopes. Unfortunately, due to the writing, she essentially said nothing, and I feel like the passion of the troops was totally non sequitur to her speech. The only parts of the film that had characters I and others didn't hate were the bits with only the dwarfs and with the children at the beginning. Time was not kind to Snow White. She seemed to have lost not only her personality but her looks as well. Kristen Stewart's lack of acting seems to make everyone saying she's pure disingenuous, and even with Chris Hemsworth staring at her in love and admiration trying to convince you that she's worthy of it, as you watch her you get the feeling that perhaps he injured his head at some point previously. Even Chris Hemsworth and Charlize Theron, the most likable characters for the majority of the film, make you hate them because of the writing of the film. Perhaps the director told Charlize Theron to overact, but both ended up seeming ridiculous because of the writing. The religious bit confused me too: at a point toward the beginning of the film, Snow White says an Our Father and acts pious, but not only was there no religion in the original Snow White, there are no other references to religion throughout the film. You'd think there were many points where she might pray, but did not, so I can't see why they felt the need to include it at the beginning. It certainly wasn't to make the film longer. It was too long already.Thus, I give this film a 3/10, and I can only hope that if they actually go through with Snow White and the Huntsman 2, they change the casting of Snow White to an actress more suited to the role. Dye Emma Watson's hair black and cast her (if she isn't tired of acting nowadays...)! I wouldn't mind it, honestly. Also, they might need to change writers...and director...and most things about the film...except the visual effects and Chris Hemsworth. I'd say don't change Theron, but her character died, so...
3 Having little experience in the Anime realm, I have to admit I'm probably not the most knowledgeable reviewer to examine a film such as this. But what I DO feel I'm fairly qualified to do is to evaluate stories. Animated or not, films are a valued method of reaching out to viewers and creating entertainment.Although HOWL'S MOVING CASTLE had some great animation and interesting concepts, the story was so nonsensical in so many places that I found myself shaking my head wondering why I was watching it.The story (if I'm not mistaken) is about Sophie, a young milliner (hatmaker) who lives a mundane life until she's afflicted by a curse put upon her by the (initially) evil Witch of the Waste. The curse comes in the form of age, turning Sophie instantly from a vibrant young girl into a ancient old hag. In order to break the spell, she must find Howl and his moving castle. But with the curse comes the added insult that she cannot tell anyone about it. So once our heroine meets up with Howl, she's unable to tell him what she needs and instead becomes the moving castle's housekeeper.Within the house she finds a young boy who wants to be just like Howl. She also meets and befriends the power that helps keep Howl's castle constantly on the go: a type of fire called Calcifer. And with the castle comes a multitude of problems: Howl's carelessness and difficulties of "the heart", a war against outside forces, and the threat of the Witch of the Waste.Again, the animation in the film was great. It was excellently colored and moved in an almost Van Goghish fashion across the screen. But oh the story! There's never an explanation given as to the war that is constantly circling this strange land. Why and how it got started are never fully explained, even though much screen time is given to the machines of war. Why and how the young boy who lives in Howl's castle came to be there are never explained either. Nor is any explanation given to the powers of Calcifer, the fire that drives the castle (the ending touches on it slightly but very ineffectually.) There are plenty of other non-sequiturs but those are the biggest. Too bad, really, as there were some great voices amongst the cast ...from Christian Bale, Billy Crystal and Lauren Bacall just to name a few.I don't mind films that leave a certain amount of exposition up to the viewers interpretation, but there needs to be some rhyme and/or reason for the basic constructs of a movie. HOWL'S MOVING CASTLE left me howling for too many explanations.
3 By the time of this writing, Blockbuster Inc. stores probably have all but vanished. Each with a sign that indicates that it's "just this store" that's closing. Sad, but that's how the story goes. Remember the Beta Video stores?When I was a kid, and we got our very first VCR – man, that was like the invention of television for those around my age – and I was able to save up enough money to buy two previously viewed movies. And get this: I had to actually pre-order previously viewed VCR tapes and they were incredibly $19.95 apiece!No matter; I really wanted both Lethal Weapon 2 and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. And bad.They were like gold for me. And they, along with a birthday gift of the original Batman, certainly earned their weight. I must've watched those three – my only movies – fifty times each.So, you can see: I am very familiar with Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Every inch, score number and frame. I love this movie.Later, I would contest and readily agree, Raiders of the Lost Ark is both a masterpiece and better film, but that doesn't deter on howmuchFUN this third installment is. And I'm not even mentioning the dreadful part two: Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom. In my mind, there's only Indy 1 and 3. You can even forget the (yawn) Young Indiana Jones (so-called) Adventures.Everything worked in this movie: suburb acting, hilarious and fun dialogue – mostly from the chemistry (or banter) of the two Jones's, extreme adventure, exciting action, fantastic characters, nostalgia – for fans of Raiders and great twists. And one of the best aspects is also a spoiler, – sorry, but if you haven't seen this 22-year-old epic, that's your fault – it has one of the best endings in the history of cinema: they actually ride off into the sunset. Brilliant and beautiful ending to the series!** - that is until they ruined it with the overkill: Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. Best advice? Think of this as the actual LAST adventure and forget that wretched sequel.Heck, I can't really pinpoint many, if any, faults or flaws in Last Crusade. Pooossssibly, the over-long opening segment with the original "Young Indiana" played by the late and great River Phoenix? Even that was entertaining, fun and had an awesome score track. So, technically, it's not a setback, but perhaps needed a little more editing.Indiana Jones (Harrison Ford) is overwhelmed at school, but is more so when his father, Henry Jones, Sr. (Sean Connery – in, Literally one of his best on-screen performances) is listed as missing. Indy is tempted with the prospect of finding the mystical Holy Grail, even though he, himself, doesn't believe it. He does set off on a mission to find his father, but we all know, he'd equally like to find this "Lost Cup of Jesus Christ."He meets up with (what I grew up referring to as "the blonde") the beautiful and seductive dame Dr. Elsa Schneider (Alison Doody) and they quest to find daddy Jones and ward off Nazis. Not so much a spoiler, but he does rescue Henry Jones, Sr. and the race for the Grail is on between the Jones's and the Nazis.I left out a lot, but that's the basic, BASIC, premise. Seriously, if you have not seen this, or have even, see it (again, if you have) and learn to enjoy the film that frankly defines adventure. And a movie that captures the heart of the original, the atmosphere of the serials of before most of our times and how movies were really made: pre-CGI.On a related note: while some people are anti-3D, I am boarder-line anti-CGI. Sure it's a cheaper way of filmmaking, but I feel it's just that: cheap. Rarely will it be believable in my sight, for the most part it's all-but a cartoon and extremely laughable. That said, it can worksometimes. The recent 2010 Alice in Wonderland film is a perfect example of how it can really work and impress me. But, 80% of the time, it's just plain corny, distracting and again, CHEAP. My favorite action/adventures films are how they used to be made: with both inventiveness and heart. Like this one. Heck, I'll take a blue/green screen any day over a computer telling me what's "real" looking.But, I digress. I hesitate in calling this a masterpiece (in filmmaking, at least) but in my mind it is. And seeing that this is an opinion piece, I will go on record: it doesn't get much better than this.I remember some of the promotional shots on the late night shows from Harrison Ford, et al, that casually admitted Temple of Doom was a disaster – I AGREE – and this was a make-up movie. It sure the heck was! This was thee number one redemption movie of all time.Note to Hollywood: continue the redemption. Make movies like this, verses the CGI-laced, no-script films of the last decade or so. Remember what it's like to have this much fun in the movie going experience. I remember. I recall 1989 when this was released as my all-time favorite year in films released. Too bad, they haven't come close to '89 in 22 years.And Hollywood won't listen. I ask that you do. Support and watch movies like Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Remember what it was like to have fun in the theatre, what it was like when real special-effect crews did real work on the fields and not in the office and remember what it was like to be a kid again. See this movie!
3 BECAUSE PEOPLE WOULD TEAR THIS APART! I went to see this yesterday for some Christmas cheer and I got this piece of crap excuse for a holiday movie. This film was written by the two men behind The Hangover series. It revolves around Mila Kunis, Kristen Bell, and Kathryn Hahn and the arrival of their mothers Susan Sarandon, Cheryl Hines and Christine Baranski. ALL ACTRESS WHOM I ADORE! But the script was just stupid stupid stupid. NOT funny and the characters downright unlikable. I absolutely love the actress Kathryn Hahn but having her and her mom (Susan Sarandon) out in front of a store with a basket that says "Canned goods donations" where they proceed to aggressively STEAL GROCERIES from the bags of people who exit the store, open a bottle of wine and drink it in the parking lot makes them not only UNLIKEABLE but not funny and pathetic. Why in the HELL would I root for these characters? And when Mila Kunis' character tears down the X-mas tree her mother put up with "ornaments from the Titanic" and destroys everything her mother did? The only thing I was thinking was "Wow what an A**hole". HATED THIS MOVIE and I'm sure the actresses who probably just needed a paycheck did too.3 stars for the cast and the pretty set decorations.
3 I swear I've seen this film before. Girl meets creepy girl, creepy girl more than she seems. creepy girl haunts girl. girl cries. girl dies (or becomes new creepy girl).Recycled plot with face bookAnd I'm sorry, but if i was a taxi driver and i had some teenage girl bleeding out in the back of the car. i would definitely not drop her off outside a spooky abandoned factory by herself.apparently my review isn't long enough to submit so ill fill it with a pointless sentence that doesn't really need to be here along with a couple of cliché 'its in the mirror behind you' jump scares. quick turn around, it'll probably be gone by the time you do. wait, sorry, now its in front of you.
3 What a monumental waste of A-class actors! On paper, this film ticks all the right boxes: topical sci-fi, great actors in fitting roles, plot ingredients that should create great suspense...and yet, it completely fails to deliver at all levels.I wanted to like this film, so I ignored the first few warning signs: the characters start off a bit one-dimensional, a slightly uninspired representation of Google/Facebook/Amazon-ehm I mean-"The Circle's" headquarters...But then came a couple of scenes that could (no exaggeration) be right out of a CollegeHumor parody video - except they were meant to be serious- and I knew something had gone really wrong with the script and direction.15-20 minutes into the film everything becomes completely predictable. There isn't a single moment that has you on edge or wondering what's coming next, because everything is as blatant and simplistic as it could be. There's nothing novel about any of the characters or the major plot points. What is worse, the script just can't stop preaching:"losing all our privacy is bad...mmkay?" "big corporations shouldn't spy on us all the time...mmkay?" "sacrificing your personal life in the name of a morally dubious career can have regrettable repercussions...mmkay?" -NO SH!T movie! Thanks for letting us know, because, you know, we didn't have to write enough 10th grade essays about these things!Bottom line: I know it's tempting, but don't watch unless you have time to waste. It's not even "so-bad-it's-good" bad, it's just incredibly dull.
3 I have to admit that when I was younger, I used to love watching this show, I actually thought it was very realistic and that it had a good plot each episode. Now of course, I was only 11 when I was watching the first season and I guess since it had grown up's in it, I assumed it was true to life. I grew up missing later seasons after Mary went to Buffalo to be with her grandparents. So years went by, not watching the show, not even missing it, but then one day I noticed on ABC Family that they were beginning to show the re-run's, so I figured I would watch the series again and give it another shot.The plot is basic, a minister's family has daily problems, usually mediocre and over blown. We have Eric, the dad and husband, he's also a minister at the local church. Annie, his wife and mother of 7, she's a home maker, tries to do little jobs here and there, but I guess Eric prefers her living at home. Matt who is the oldest brother, he's also throughout most of the series in college studying to be a doctor. Mary, the second oldest, a basketball star in high school, but goes onto "evil deeds" later on, the rebel of the family. Lucy, the third oldest, the drama queen sister. Simon, the fourth oldest, who is the bank to his siblings and is always having girl problems. Ruthie, the fifth oldest, the little know it all who gives advice and goes to special school for her talents. And lastly, the twins, who are the youngest, don't really get much character development on the show.Now we have major problems with this show that I realized, first off Aaron Spelling casts unbelievably good looking teens(who look nothing alike, when they're supposed to be siblings), not to mention their unrealistic reactions to their problems. I have learned from this show that you can heavily make out with guys, but it'll never lead to sex. If you're a smoker, you're a bad person. You can easily turn anyone else's problem into your own. When horrible problems occur that have nothing to do with you, guilt yourself, it's your fault somehow, even if you had no clue what was going on. If your wife is on hormones and drives you beyond insane(understandably), you remain patient and tolerant. Also, if you have a few financial problems, have one beer, don't go to college because you wanna figure out what you would like to do, oh, no, you can't do that in the Camdon family, they'll just ship you off to Buffalo.I think another problem I have with this show is that it's somewhat sexist, Annie is a house wife who really is more of a nut case than a strong female. If Lucy and her husband, Kevin, got into a fight, he just kissed her off and wouldn't talk to her about the problem. And in later seasons, Ruthie got some kind of a boyfriend at a young age, and she said she would die without him, it was just ridiculous. Another thing was how annoying an episode would be with a problem, some how everyone in the family had the exact same problem going on of some sort. The twins finishing each other's sentences was not cute, it showed a lack of material for them.I don't mean to complain so much about the show, it just had horrible acting and unbelievable situations. While it might be good for pre-teens, this is sadly not an adult show, it's insulting to the mind. I would love to say something good for this show, but I can't really, because it's hard to think about one good thing that I could say, it doesn't really have anything good. None of the characters are lovable, like Ruthie, who was supposed to be the wise one of the family was more annoying than tolerant. It's just a silly show when you really look at it, all I have to say to this family if I met them is to start minding their own business and take care of their own problems.
3 (Some spoiler free views about the movie)Yet another addition to the long list of whacky video game adaptations. In short, almost 20 minutes of English + shabby script + dust sequences (I don't know what you call that) + ripped off action sequences of Prince of Persia + confusing direction + boring performances = this movie. It was literally vague and shallow. Total waste of time. On my personal scale, I'd give it a "3.1/10" score. On the usual A+ to F scale, it gets a sort of "E+". (Discussion about how I felt about the film .... minor spoilers)Good : Somewhere around the middle of the movie, Fassbender says "what the f**k is going on?" which summarizes the entire film. Mixed : Michael Fassbender in a movie is an interesting thing. He was the only reason I watched this boredom. Even though it was probably his worst performance, he kept me glued throughout the movie, and at least gave a false hope that everything will get better. Bad : Michael Fassbender is taken in a quest of revisiting the memories of his great (raised to power 18) grandfather using the weirdest and the most absurd things, which are too absurd even for the needlessly absurd movies like this. Plus, after all that dance offs or action sequences or whatever there is a least interesting build up to the least interesting twist. Probably, the makers thought the best way to utilize the CGI was to create dust sequences and that annoying bird. The action sequences were too boring. It tried to be a "historical epic" of some kind and failed every bit. And, those spirits crossing over were something that the movie didn't try to explain. And whatever happens towards the end is plain vague. The most nonsensical part. It feels like as if Michael Fassbender did this movie because he (as Magneto) couldn't travel back in time in X-Men: Days of Future Past. This is the one of the worst "quest for something", epic and sort of time travel film ever made.
3 The "Jigsaw" franchise had a reasonable beginning in 2004 and along the years, the downfall was easily predicable with terrible, incredible and worse and worse screenplays. In 2010, the franchise reached its bottom with the awful "Saw 3D". The franchise was resting in peace, but seven years later, the directors Michael Spierig and Peter Spierig decide to revive the infamous franchise with the writers Pete Goldfinger and Josh Stolberg. The result is a shameful bad movie with the most absurd and incredibly twists and overrated in IMDb. My vote is three.Title (Brazil): "Jogos Mortais: Jigsaw" ("Mortal Games: Jigsaw")
3 The 5th Wave is based on the book of the same name and it's main focus is on a girl reconnecting with her brother. It's a tried and true story for the post-apocalyptic genre and doesn't do anything really cool with it except for the title. The title of the film plays into the "twist" in the film, if you can even call it that and it's about the only thing that it does a little differently.Nothing too bad on the acting side. There's no Oscar winning performances but everybody does a decent job with the crap dialogue they are given. Except the kid... He just stares all the time, looking dumbfounded. Must have been a way to keep people from calling him "The annoying kid." The film looks good in it's presentation. The choreography in the fight scenes is a bit exaggerated but I enjoyed that. What is does so wrong is the absolute straight 'teen angst novel' scenes and relationships. The books suffered from this too and I feel it could have been made to be a bit more serious to kind of adult up the series and make it fit with a wider audience.Overall it is a bad adaption of an average book. It alienates everyone over the age of 12 by making it way too much like the novel and not trying to change up some of the things it needed to.
3 It wasn't funny. It was not smart. It was full of clichés and stolen old over used plot devices. predictable. It spent most of its time acting over the top stupid thinking the audience will laugh at extreme stupidity. other movies have done this much better. even with the old and tired plot devices and clichés, because they were funny, i enjoyed the humor. i didn't enjoy this movie and wanted to leave.
3 shock and awe. its like every movie I see this actress in, the one from year one and killer Joe...I get allsad. and these other reviews, seriously...they are crappy. this movie is awesome. a lot like the first one. the first one rotating around a strip club and a detective named Bruce Willis. yay. I did like it. I like sin city part one. I like sin city part two. I prefereed not seeing josh brolin be bored and boring, but he did fine, he made the right decision ..be bored, bullshi# cun* (bit)ch making problems... Joseph made me feel like whatever was going on with Nancy while playing his poker game...nothing good was gonna happen... the brief interaction with detectives and a powers boothe that looked all healthy was amazing.... oh boy....I don't even see how the Hooker nation from part one wasn't omitted when it seems like they took Precedence once again in this one.
3 The first Despicable Me I really enjoyed, the second one was okay but not that great, the Minions one was mediocre, and this third one is iffy. Despicable Me has also had shorts and I saw a few of them like the House Makeover one, the Training Wheels one, and the one that played before Secret Life of Pets. The Training Wheels one was okay, the House Makeover one was pretty good, but the one that played before Secret Life of Pets was sub-par.I think that they need to stop milking this franchise because Despicable Me is just getting worse and worse with each movie and short and from the cliffhanger in the end, I could tell that there's probably going to be a fourth one about Dru's career as a villain. And what's going to happen? Dru and maybe even Gru are going to meet their dad who they haven't seen in a long time and maybe bring him into the family? Are the girls going to find out that their biological parents abandoned them and leave Gru to live with their parents? And what if they make a T.V. series?None of the characters I thought were very good and are shadows of their former selves. The new characters, Evil Bratt is obvious and Dru is an unnecessary character, he caused trouble for Gru and doesn't even know how to drive yet he has a car. Lucy is annoying with how aggressive and hyper she acts and an unnecessary mom and teammate of Gru and she and Gru are burdening a 6-year-old little girl with stuff about work. Which I think is too much for a 6 year old to comprehend. Not to mention, the kids act too precocious now. Like how could a 6-year-old girl know how to cook soup? She also sold her unicorn, well, Despicable Me is dead now. Isn't she too young to be even thinking about businesses anyway? And she adopts a goat? Why would she adopt a wild animal? And the minions are now more annoying trouble-makers than ever.There are too many popular songs in there. But I really loved the end credits song. This movie is kind of like a rehash of Despicable Me 1, 2, and Minions. A villain causes destruction to the town towards the end, the girls get kidnapped by the villain, and a boy falls in love with Margo and even talks about getting engaged with her even though they're too young. And he also does embarrassing things such as smooching all over her.Edith's voice actor sounded a bit too old for her age.There are a few good things to say about this film, the action scenes are alright, there were some heart-warming moments between Gru and Dru and I like how they help each other, and I also like how they got three different stories going on, one about Lucy and the girls, one about the Minions, and one about Gru and Dru being spies. Agnes's new voice actor did pretty good on her character and I think she sounds kind of like Elsie Fischer, but I still miss Elsie Fischer's sweet, babyish voice but she no longer has that voice.This movie was clichéd, silly, cartoonish, predictable, slow, and therefore boring. I barely laughed at even one part, the humor was lowbrow and the dialogue foolish. And I can probably guess what the fourth one is going to be about and that there may be a fifth one.
3 Upon second stoned viewing my endearment is renewed. The marijuana references will fly above the wee ones' little noggins. For the rest of us, it's a quintessential high home entertainment experience. Whereas the vulnerable compromised mind might panic from genuine chills and thrills, the mild scares herein enhanced by intoxication fit just right. The golden twosome, Fred and Daphne are himbo and bimbo incarnate, while Velma predictably suffers from mortal cartoon myopia and a body of knowledge limited only by plot requirements. Stoner stars, Shaggy and Scooby are happily single-minded in their pursuit of munchies, while remaining lovably selfish and craven. Ultimately, the crew rises to the occasion even if it requires slight departure from caricature. With suitable scatologies, Scooby's infectious cackle, and single-minded snack fixation, it's a "runderful" romp, not to be enjoyed sober. P.S. Cartoonish CGI complements the mood, so don't have a cow about it, okay?
3 Really dull, clichéd story line. if filmed 20 years ago this would have been a direct to VHS. the story line is all over the place with a lot of elements that just don't make any sense. Acting/casting was ok just the story had no substance.
3 Once just a shy, demure, unassuming teenager, Carrie White was doused with pig's blood on one fateful day and suddenly emerged as (drum roll please) Supppperrrrrr Carrrrriiiiieeeee. By gently slithering her arms, looking constipated and occasionally twitching to let you that she means business, SuperCarrie quickly lays waste to all of the "bad" guys with sadistic glee while also showing her soft side by using her magical abilities to levitate squeaky-voiced gym teachers and knocked-up teenage Jezebels to safety. Incredible! To one up her competition in the super heroes sweepstakes, Carrie also manages to lift up and fly right out of the gym... and she doesn't even need spandex and a cape to do it. Impressive! Carrie's other super powers appear to be psychic abilities to anticipate what everyone is going to do before they do it and x-ray vision so she can see the gender of a newly-fertilized egg inside your belly before you even have a chance to say "Hey, wasn't I supposed to have my period LAST week?" Amazing! If that's not enough, SuperCarrie also doesn't let anything get her down... not even death itself! She may seem out of commission after pelting herself with a thousand and one smooth pebbles and then crushing her entire body underneath a house, but don't be fooled. You'll find investing your hard-earned money on things like embalming, caskets and grave markers to be a waste when SuperCarrie miraculously springs back to life, cracks her CGI tombstone (because - you know - real tombstones or even plaster ones painted to look like real tombstones are just way too hard to crack so they must be made out of cartoon) and then causes a metal guitar riff to sound out from nowhere. Professor Xavier, there's someone I'd like you to meet...
3 Champion tennis player--retired and married to a wealthy, unfaithful blonde dish--arranges to have his spouse murdered, never dreaming of course she would fight back against her attacker, leaving the unruffled rotter to match wits with the savvy police inspector on the case. Frederick Knott adapted his own successful play, though neither he nor director Alfred Hitchcock made much of an attempt to open up the material for the screen. Instead of exploiting all the possibilities for a decadent danse macabre, the material is kept in-check; it finally seems stunted, or rather stultifying. Cinematographer Robert Burks gives the proceedings a nice coat of gloss, and Grace Kelly is attractive (though one-note) as the wife of scheming Ray Milland. John Williams, recreating his Tony-winning stage role as the Chief Inspector, out-acts them both. It passes the time painlessly, but is never more than a compact drawing-room mystery. **1/2 from ****
3 Though I wasn't impressed with Gotham By Gaslight (2018) I respected what they were trying to do and it was an interesting attempt at an alternative Batman tale.With Batman Ninja I expected more of the same, little did I realise I was about to watch the worst animated superhero movie I've ever seen.Japanese made and set in fuedal Japan we see Batman, some allies and a host of villians ripped through time and into one of the biggest embarassments I've seen in years.With alternating animation styles (None of which I like), a laughable story which contradicts itself multiple times and more than a little influence from Power Rangers this is beyond words.I'd say it was a Batman comedy like the Adam West throwbacks or Lego Batman if it didn't take itself so seriously. I mean I am truly lost for words just how bad this is, it starts off poor and gradually just gets more and more ridiculous until I found my jaw actually dropping at the level of stupidity.Batman Ninja is even worse than the title suggests, I want to rant about this atrocity but if I begin this will be a insanely long review.I'm not sure who this is aimed at but I'd be surprised if even the most hardcore of DC fans will enjoy this.The Good:It's original I'll give it thatThe Bad:Not fond of the animation styleWeak voice actingStory really is quite badWhole thing is ridiculous and can't be taken even remotely seriouslyThings I Learnt From This Movie:During feudal Japan the primary language was English
3 Is a phrase someone should have said to those who proposed this premise, which of course has been done (better) 100 times already.It's inane teen fodder, poorly acted by low budget players, poorly written, poorly shot and fundamentally just poorly done.There are plenty of better horror movies out there to see, even if you fancy teen eye candy (if that is what these teens were meant to be?).In an era where singers are auto-tuned but still deemed good by the youth of today, it is no surprise that this cast might be deemed good also, it's just a pity no one has yet invented an 'auto-act' machine, or an 'auto-writeascript' machine.Certainly don't waste money seeing this trash in a cinema, I would guess this will be available online within a matter of days.
3 First off it was a scary movie, cheaply made (or appeared to be) but... with that said I found it entertaining. I watched it for what it was, a scary movie. I didn't jump out of my seat. But was surprised 2 times and that was good enough for me. Although the ending was obvious... the characters did a great job, there was a plot, there was a storyline. I enjoyed it. Was it my favorite NO, but it was by far better then Medea's Boo Halloween. No comparison. I will say this, to all the movie goers... these days, when they say turn off your damn cell phones, DO IT, Stop talking through the God Damn movies and for goodness sake, if a patron is sitting in a seat in front of you keep your damn feet off of the back of the seats.. This poor girl got told last night that her feet were awful smelling and I would appreciate it if she would move them. 12.50 to see a movie is allot, I hate when other inconsiderate patrons crap on it!
3 The performances weren't terrible and the idea behind the story is a good one. But WAY too much suspension of disbelief required to enjoy this... A giant shark somehow has grudge about Blake Lively to the point where it will ignore the whale carcass just so it can eat her specifically.Meh...A lot of shots that seem to focus on the fact that Blake has boobs. Don't get me wrong they're nice boobs, but seriously?It kind of annoyed me because this film could have been so much more with a bit more work to the story like.
3 Usually if you find that you don't like a film which has been deemed a classic you can at least see what it may be that leads people to think so highly of the film. That is not the case with Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. I don't get it. I'm not seeing what so many others apparently are seeing. I see an incredibly overrated film that is not even remotely worthy of the near mythical status it has attained. Whatever it is that supposedly makes this film a classic is well and truly lost on me.The biggest problem with the film is that nobody involved apparently could decide what kind of film it was they were making. Was it a serious Western or a comedy Western? The film ends up stuck in some sort of netherworld in between. It's much too jokey to take very seriously but not nearly funny enough to be labeled a comedy. The film tries to be multiple things and ends up not being much of anything at all. It's a film that never really convinces, things always seem a bit off. Just the very concept that the "good guys", the guys we're meant to sympathize with and root for, are actually the bad guys was always going to be a little jarring. Hooray for the train robbers! It could have worked but it really doesn't. No fault of the actors as Paul Newman and Robert Redford, Newman especially, make the characters of Butch and Sundance respectively easy to like. And Sundance's girl, played by Katharine Ross, certainly has her charms as well. But even if you end up liking these characters it's still hard to like the movie.You would think it would be hard to make a boring movie based on the exploits of notorious bank and train robbers. But that's pretty much what we have here. This film moves at a snail's pace, moments of excitement are few and far between. The interminable chase sequence dropped into the middle of the film surely doesn't help. If I had to watch Butch peer into the distance and say "Who are those guys?" one more time I'd scream. Get on with it already. Honestly for much of its running time this movie has you desperately trying to stifle yawns. And when the movie tries to have a little fun it generally doesn't work. So many jokes which fall flat. And that famous, yet exceedingly dopey, bicycle sequence. Hard to take the movie seriously after that. Good song though. I just have no idea what in the world it's doing in this movie. One thing you can say for the movie is that it is beautifully photographed. Cinematographer Conrad Hall's Oscar was well earned. And Newman and Redford, both of course terrific actors, do have very good chemistry and Ross fits in well also. The interactions among the three lead performers provide some good moments. But there are not nearly enough of those moments to salvage the film. It's dull and drawn out, it's neither serious enough to work as a real Western or funny enough to get by on comedic value. The film just doesn't work. But it's a "classic". I don't get it.
3 One thing that has always irritated me as a high school student is Disney's portrayal, in its various programming, of what high school is like. For the most part, Disney gets it TERRIBLY WRONG, and this is immensely evident in "High School Musical." I mean, don't get me wrong, not a day goes by at my school without a fat girl standing up to sing about how her true dream is to dance, but, seriously, its just totally inaccurate. The characters poorly represent actual high school students in that real students actually act their age, are mature, and aren't borderline mentally retarded (Okay, most real high school students aren't immature and mentally retarded). Disney really needs to do more research on high school environments. As for the quality of the movie: The music is...okay. Not too great, but withstandable. Its the singing, acting, plot line, characters, and dialogue that causes one when watching this movie to eat their hands just to distract them from this melting pot of caterpillar excrement. Just awful. Many, MANY things in this "musical" made absolutely NO sense. (1) So what if someone wants to dance or some basketball player wants to bake an array of various pastries or participate in a school production and lip sync to computer dubbing? The entire school is not going to conspire to keep them from doing so by transmitting video using laptop computers and hidden cameras! What the hell? It doesn't even make sense how they were able to do that. (2) Why would two siblings (Ashley Tisdale and her effeminate brother I seriously would love to punch in the face repeatedly) EVER want to sing about how they love each other in a musical? Not to mention, not even the most socially retarded human being acts like Ashley Tisdale's character. (3) The dear sweet happy ending in which the whole school burst into song will have you emptying your stomach contents due to its unbelievable predictability. (4) FOR GOD'S SAKE, NO drama teacher is so AWFUL enough as to not let them tryout at another time for the play when they have to miss it for other things, like a STATE CHAMPIONSHIP! Teachers in the real world tend to have souls, after all! Who wrote this thing? Does he have a clue of how high school works?All in all, it's typical, Disney Channel, low-budget, shallow film that doesn't make any sense plot wise and has no qualities of a well written musical. And for the love of god, Disney, get inside a high school and see what it is really like before you spit out another "teen drama" that causes cancer of the mind when it is watched.
3 I just can not understand how this movie does get so much acclaim. The whole movie is just so unrealistic. I have learned and practiced 2 instruments here in Europe and can only say when I watch how this Shaffer character treats musicians like football players, this would never work. In such an environment any musician would get so tense and so full of fear to fail, he would certainly do exactly that. This is not how musicality and technique is teached. Never. Music is not sports. What Shaffer does may create a robot band that plays precise like a computer. But the music that comes out that way will sound alike. People in music are sensitive. Teaching is a process of mutual understanding, respecting and elevating between teacher and student.Further, a good drum technique with speed is not achieved by such tensioned convulsion, it needs the right finger and hand control and swing.The acting is certainly admirable but the cuts are sometimes worse then just distracting.
3 Disappointment. That's actually far better than what I felt after watching this movie. I wanted to leave the cinema about 30 minutes before the end but that's against my personal policy so I tried plan B but found nothing to poke my eyes out so I watched, and cried...-First, where is Deadshot? No, because all I saw from start to end is goody Will Smith playing the good family guy, very far from the cold hearted hired assassin he is supposed to play.-Second, what was that false publicity? The Joker appeared a lot in the trailer but he has absolutely no purpose in this movie apart from being the background story of Harley Quinn. Really, you remove him, you get the same movie but with only half of the theatre full.-Third, while I'm on her, the guys who made this movie obviously didn't get the relationship between Harley and the Joker. The Joker don't give a damn about her, she is his tool, he can throw her from a bridge without a second thought while Harley has developed a serious Stockholm Syndrome toward him. In this movie they are all lovey-dovey, at the end of the movie I nearly expected to see them leave in a car with "Just Married" written on the back with a "And they lived happily ever after."-The first half of the movie is actually not that bad, the villains really look and act like villains most of the time but everything started to fall apart after Will Smith reunite his troops after they failed the mission the first time, each one of them just want to drop everything and leave but then Will Smith says they can't give up and of course all the bad guys listen to him because he is Will Smith (God?). That was when I did my first face-palm.-This movie is 50% Will Smith, 40% Harley Quinn, and 10% the others. Really, apart from the first two, the others are just background characters, to make a comparison, in Guardian of the galaxy, you got one hero but you know the background stories of every members of the team, and they get their fair share of screen time. In this movie, they just don't care.-The jokes, sorry... The "jokes", well, I think the quotes speaks for themselves. Sometimes it's funny, most of the times it's not and sometimes they even try to explain the joke you understand but don't find funny. I think Warner tried to be more funny and less dark in this movie after they got some bad reviews about Batman Vs Superman being too dark but that's just ridiculous, they remade some scenes to add jokes and sometimes it even breaks the action.-And while I'm on it, Batman vs Superman had an impact in the DC Universe, it starts with the consequences of what happened in Man of Steel and at the end of it, the world has changed. In this movie, there is no progression of the DC Universe, it feels more like one of those filler episode you don't want to watch in any series.-I won't talk about the end of this movie because, as a sadist, I want you to go watch this movie and suffer during the two hours needed to finally reach the end credits. Just know that the last minutes are actually way worse than the rest of the movie. Enjoy ;)Anyway, as a DC fan, I wanted to see Harley Quinn in a movie but certainly not in this one. I really, really, REALLY hope that Warner won't use this movie as a reference to make Justice League because if they do I'll have to formulate an official request to DC so they can let Marvel do their movies :D See you all in 2017.
3 Unless you call this movie a masterpiece. Then you are.Damn 1,000 word limit. Gotta make this quick.Spoilers.The film is 2.5 hours long, yet feels like 5.2, and there are a few reasons for this. One of which is the fact that a preponderance of the first act is amateurish, conflict-free exposition, which does not bode well for repeat viewings.The "learning about the dream world" scene is atrocious. No conflict. Both Leo and Page's characters already knew what was being explained. The similar "learning about the matrix" scene in The Matrix did it right by having one character not know anything. Plus, there was conflict. Neo gets his ass kicked and fails to make the building jump. Much more entertaining.There's another problem with the whole section of bending the landscape where Leo explains the negative aspects of altering the dream world. The closest we get to seeing the dream world altered was Leo becoming Mr. Charlie, yet the most that happens then is a bunch of extras turn and look at Leo. That's it. The idea was not exploited. You literally have to go out of your way to miss that opportunity. Hell, that Mr. Charles scene is shorter than the scene that explains why altering the dream world is bad! Let's not forget this whole idea of one corporation one-upping another has absolutely no personal ramifications for anyone on screen or in the audience. It would have greatly amped up the internal conflict if Leo had to struggle with the notion that helping the guy who could help him would endanger someone else close to him, or us, or someone else. ANYTHING could have worked better than an energy contract that means less to me than my neighbor's bath mat. Come on. The totems were handled very poorly. All we need to know is their purpose. We don't need to know anything else, yet the film keeps piling on needless information.If this is a heist film, where is the threat of being caught? A van falls for an endless amount of time. Joseph Gordon-Levitt floats bodies down a hallway for half an hour, real-time. The guy from Bronson does his thing, whatever the hell that was. These are not complex tasks or events, but rather straight-forward in nature. Dragging them out for a solid chunk of the film is what creates the glacial pace and makes a long film seem even longer.Inception has no real villain. You can make a case for Cotillard, but she is an internal enemy. She never takes a "physical" presence and never threatens anyone except Leo. Everyone else is dealing with faceless assassins. That makes it feel distant from the rest of the action. It doesn't even have anything to do, emotionally, with Leo's goal of getting home to see his kids. None of this is tied together. Leo didn't even know what the hell was going on with Cillian and never even knew of the outcome until after the fact. He's separated from the physical manifestation of his goal for a majority of the film. I ended up not caring if the plan succeeded. If it was all somehow tied together, the audience would be able to experience that great emotional catharsis that everyone was talking about...but that didn't happen.In fact, Leo is so separated from the actual plot that you can literally put Levitt in his place and not even need the hero in the dream world at all! Hell, you can even put Page there, since all she does after designing the boring and lifeless dream worlds is hang out with the guys and tell Leo he's crazy. I really wish she had something else to do besides play the part of the fifth wheel.Leo's lack of involvement in the main action of the story creates a 'so what?' moment when the problem is solved for him, and I can think of absolutely no reason why the hero should not be the one to conquer the main conflict. Brody kills the shark in Jaws. He doesn't send Hooper and Quint out to do his dirty work while he stays behind to deal with his fear of water. It's integrated. The hero is forced into dealing with the physical, and in turn, but learn to conquer his internal fears before he can conquer his external opponent. This is Screen writing 101, Lesson 1, and Nolan got that wrong. That's why I don't believe the reports that he spent 10 years writing the script since it only took me 148 minutes to figure out exactly what was wrong with it.Not to mention the conceit that to enter someone else's dream and control it means that you would have to control your own subconscious, which they state elsewhere is impossible. Way to go, genius.Pretty much everything this film does wrong, The Matrix does right. Watch that instead.PS: The 'taking a scene from the middle and putting it at the beginning' gag reached its peak effectiveness in 2002 and has absolutely no place in modern films. It's getting as bad as that tired old 'It's all a dream' scenario. Oh, wait...
3 It's hard to begin with dreadful film. I went into it with low expectation's and was still utterly flabbergasted by how awful this was! Knock Knock makes Batman & Robin look like Oscar worthy movie.I don't know what Keanu Reeves was thinking when he agreed to star in this movie but after the incredible John Wick I thought he was getting his career back on track after a run of disastrous movies but I guess not. His performance was so terrible that the audience were laughing out loud, laughing. I won't spoil the film for you but it's difficult to watch, I've never seen so many people walk out of movie before, honestly.This is 99 minutes of pure hell as a viewer. It's not even in the "it's so bad it's good" club. The film is tripe, utterly unwatchable completely unredeemable in any sense.This film is a career killer and I suggest you stay the hell away from it.If you want to watch an adult movie in the cinema go see Mad Max: Fury Road. Trust me, Knock Knock is one you don't want to watch.
3 I very rarely have the urge to go to the web and state my opinion about a show, whether I like or dislike it. But judging from the first two episodes I hated this OC-ized version of a 90ties classic so much that for once I did feel the urge. What can I say, in my opinion this show seriously sucks (or bites, or blows, if you've seen the first 20 seconds).Not on all levels of course, the production values are high, the teens are all eye-candy, the sets look over-the-top rich as you'd expect... You can tell that some money went into this thing, alright. But unfortunately, the story and the characters are LAME, and the acting is mostly mediocre and partly downright terrible. And you probably can't even blame the actors for that, since the characters they are playing are straight off the teen-drama-shelf clichés. We've got drug girl, spoiled princess girl, angry-athlete-guy, look-at-me-i'm-so-rebellious-girl, rich-and-somewhat-dark-but-maybe-bighearted-guy, and then we got the too-good-to-be-true family that could substitute for the entire cast of 7th Heaven.This show feels like its elements have been assembled in more than a hurry and stuck together with duct tape. I can't bear to watch another episode to be honest.
3 Just so you know where I'm coming from... I think Magnolia is one of the most overrated films I've ever seen. But this... This is a damn Kubrick-level masterpiece. Flawless. Saw it from a folding chair in a overflowing theater at the Alamo's Fantastic Fest in Austin - there were moments where I'd look back and see every jaw in the room dropped. Its less overtly political than I imagined - more about the psychology and emptiness of the lust for power. See this as soon as it comes out - this is going to cause a ruckus (especially coming out on Christmas, Jesus!), and its much better if you don't know what to expect. Except for blood.
3 I really do feel sorry for those that enjoyed the first two Spiderman films, but hated this one. I really enjoyed it, and for those of us who did, it keeps going or completes the story of Spiderman. Was it as good as the first? Yes, maybe better. Was it as good as the second? Nope, and I truly believe that may be why some do not care for it as much.Don't get me wrong it has its problems. It did have a feeling of having too much crammed into one film, and the scene with Osborn's butler telling him that his father killed himself was the low point. Overall though the film was fun, had awesome effects, great bad guys, cool fight scenes, and most importantly it kept the focus of the film on Peter Parker/Spiderman. Not on Venom, which some of those that absolutely think the film sucks actually wanted.Yes I know Venom has a huge following, but it is not a film about him. All Spiderman films have kept the villains as antagonists that keep the film going, nothing more, and that is how it should have been. Through out all three films the main story is about PP and MJ like it or not.Overall I think that Spiderman 3 is a great addition to the Spiderman films. The movie explores the "dark" things that people do to each other, and the ability to forgive those that do. I also liked the low key ending, which was different then the first two. It was subtle and suited the overall theme of the film. It also showed the finality of the series, while at the same time leaving room for a possible sequel. Once again sorry to those who hated it, because for those that loved it we now have the best comic book trilogy ever put on film.
3 It has been six years since we have seen a movie from one of the world's most talked about directors, Quentin Tarantino, but the wait for me, has been worth the while. Tarantino can now add the martial arts masterpiece 'Kill Bill' to his resume, a film that left me speechless after I had seen it.  It certainly is one intense, hateful movie, containing some of the greatest sword fighting sequences ever filmed in a movie. Tarantino has made KB with class, precision and close intense attention to every detail. But, what else should we expect from a movie freak, like Quentin Tarantino?An entire wedding party is slaughtered during a dress rehearsal in a rural chapel: the pregnant woman in the blood-splattered wedding dress is Black Mamba, better known as 'The Bride'. The assassin, Bill, and his circle known as 'The Vipers' leave 'TB' for dead, however she was merely comatose. Four years later, 'TB' suddenly awakes from her coma, ferociously focused on one mission, to seek revenge on her former master. One by one, she will kill the various assassins. She is saving Bill for last.I am not sure where I want to start with my review of Kill Bill. I love parts of it, but then find other parts to be extremely difficult to watch. Quentin Tarantino has written and directed another powerful piece of cinema, in a way that only he could. This time we see more violence, the action and the result of that violence, with it being a bit over-powering in the end. But without the violence, KB would have not been the movie it was.This time Tarantino has not focussed on the dialogue in this movie, when it came to writing its script, more he wanted to show what the characters he had created, and why they were in the position they were in. For me I can appreciate both aspects of what Tarantino shows, as he can express himself either visually or with dialogue.The other part I like about KB is the way Tarantino dedicated the movie to certain aspects of cinema history. To quote Quentin he said Kill Bill is 'my yakuza movie, my samurai movie, my spaghetti western movie', and it was quite clear for me how passionate Tarantino was in showing these parts. However it was also so much more, with one of the great sections of the movie being presented in Japanese animation. I also believe that there was a clear reference to black and white movies and silent movies, as KB had these sections a few times. I also feel that Tarantino is in some way trying to show his appreciation to Pulp Fiction, the movie that made him successful, via KB. If this is true, I do not feel it is gloating, rather I give Tarantino great praise, because some movie makers ignore the movies that give them success, but not here.While 'KB' has some interesting characters, none are what I would call 'likeable'. 'The Bride', aka Black Mamba (Uma Thurman) is a girl totally driven by the desire to get revenge. Thurman really suits her part well, as she not only looks attractive, but is really believable as this American martial arts tough girl. Helping 'TB' on her quest is Samuri sword expert Hattori Hanzo (Sonny Chiba). This character brings a very oriental feel to the movie, something I liked. The bickering with his assistant was fun to see being played out.'The Deadly Viper Assassination Squad' are the cruel callous people who inflict horrific harm on 'TB'. Bill (David Carradine) is their leader, a person we only hear and see in hand gestures, which is reminiscent of Marsellus Wallace in Pulp Fiction. Bill still has a very strong presence in the film, even though we never see him. Under Bill are killers like O-Ren Ishii, aka Cottonmouth (Lucy Liu), whose introduction, via the Japanese Animation, was great. Under Cottonmouth is her personal assistant, lawyer and translator, Sofie Fatale (Julie Dreyfus), who was present at the slaughtering of 'TB'. When 'TB' sees Sofie once again, she is pretty bitter about what Sofie let have happen to her. What we hear has happened to Sofie at the hands of 'TB', is truly unbelievable.Another of Cottonmouth's women is a little girl, Go Go Yubari (Chiaki Kuriyama), who is more deadly than she looks. Her school girl sound and look is very interesting, while her confrontation with 'TB' highly entertaining. Then there is the evil nurse, Elle Driver, aka Californian Mountain Snake (Daryl Hannah), who shows very little emotion towards 'TB', other than hate. Vernita Green (Vivica A Fox) is another woman that 'TB' has on her hit list. Her demise was highly entertaining to say the least, again reminiscent of Pulp Fiction.All the scenes with fighting in KB are a highlight for me, especially the sword fighting, as they are so fun and intense, with the last hour of the movie purely exhausting, with the final showdown between 'TB' and Cottonmouth & co. being terrific. The middle section of film was also great, as it tells the majority of the KB Vol. 1 story, although parts are pretty disturbing.Kill Bill is another film by Quentin Tarantino, where I have to say it was 'exceptionally well made'. There is a scene in Volume 1, which reminded me of 'Matrix Reloaded'. Now I have heard that Tarantino hates the Matrix franchise, and you can see what he is making a stand against, film's laden with SFX. KB is 'not guilty' of being that. The violence is very graphic in KB, but at certain times the violence was 'laughable', as it seemed to look deliberately fake. But perhaps I am wrong? Volume 1 ended at a good point, setting up the conclusion, Volume 2 beautifully. So Kill Bill: Volume 2, get here, A.S.A.P.CMRS gives 'Kill Bill: Volume 1': 4.5 (Very Good - Brilliant Film)
3 Love story between a crime gang member (Matthias Schoenaerts) and a younger upper-class girl (Adèle Exarchopoulos) who happens to be a racing driver.It's essentially a drama with a little action, with the enjoyment largely depending on how much you care about its leads, who have made name for themselves in mostly French (language) movies."Le Fidèle" essentially echoes the "Romeo and Juliet" story where the two star-crossed people are divided by background but try to overcome their differences in the name of love.The story is too shallow and straightforward to make a lasting impression but the charm of its stars just might - although the girl can become a bit annoying with her tendency to hold her mouth open like she was a young. early 2000's Angelina Jolie.The international English title highlights one of them being a racedriver - the girl, in fact. Estonian title, "Võidusõitja ja võllaroog", is a direct translation from that, with a nice old-fashined choice of words to make it stand out a bit more.But the original title meaning "loyal" or "faithful" is much better because:(a) it closely follows the plot and tone, whereas the new titles makes one think of old French action comedies starring Jean-Paul Belmondo or something,and (b) driving is actually a minor and essentially unimportant part of the experience. There's not even a standout car chase which would make sense in a story about criminal and a race driverActually, there's not much to say about the whole thing, especially if one tries to avoid spoilers. The general tone is dark, the stars are handsome and good enough actors to make the most of the material.They have enough chemistry between them to generate some suspense but not enough to make the movie truly worthwhile."Le Fidèle" was Belgium's bet to bag a best foreign language movie Oscar this year but didn't make it among the five finalists to get nominated.
3 If you were going to produce a show that was as uninteresting as say, Hawaii Five O, you could not do any better than this mess. The frenetic action is almost laughable in as much as the the completely unknown pig eyed hero "star" has absolutely none of the grace of the original Richard Dean Anderson. Sometimes no matter how much money one spends the result may still be crap. Poorly directed, poorly written, it is a total mess. Don't waste your time. It will, I predict, not last more than a season. Boring beyond belief. I suggest you turn your attention to British cop shows. At least they know how to develop a character. I think it's sad that George Eads thought he would do better here than with CSI ...... An astonishing miscalculation on his part.
3 An awfully simplistic perspective of what it would be like to change genders. This movie is built around the idea that all it would take to understand the other sex and become more cognizant of gender equality is to simply exchange stereotypical manners. That if a woman wore pants, wore her hair up, that men wore shorts and heels, suddenly whoever lived in this altered world would understand the roots of injustice. This film does not much more than ask "how would you feel being objectified?", and does very little to explore the question of "why" and encourage against.
3 For people who've never seen a movie depicting the civil rights movement, this would not be a good place to start. If you watched it and found it 'entertaining', then shame on you. Making up a story about this time to entertain and manipulate for profit is pretty despicable in my view, and I'm afraid I'm incredibly disappointed that this film seems to be getting positive reviews on here.If you lack education and a general sense of right and wrong - this is the film for you. There are so many important great works in film and in literature on the era and topic. How did this get made? It's also racist in and of itself in its depiction of black people and the white people are so disgusting and caricatures of evil. It's entertaining only if you are almost completely ignorant of that period of time - for the rest of us it's just offensive. It's also got that well worn trope of the black women helping a white woman to succeed / act as an apologist for (here's the spoiler) her taking off to NY in her big successful career while one happily continues to be beaten by her husband and the other loses her job.100 thumbs down.P.S. I'm not alone: "The Association of Black Women Historians finds it unacceptable for either this book or this film to strip black women's lives of historical accuracy for the sake of entertainment." Yes!
3 This probably isn't a fair review as I only lasted 35 minutes in to this film.It was just awful. Arch, self-conscious performances (sorry, even Glenn Close) - dark interiors, a precocious child actress, stiff dialogue... This story has so much potential but everything about this film was dark, depressing, self-absorbed and dull, dull, dull. Most of the acting was awful.This story needs a much lighter and more skilful touch to make it work. Deeply disappointing.
3 One would think that with a cast line-up like this, how could you go wrong? That question has been answered, and the answer is: Easily, apparently.Aubrey Plaza is a fantastic up and coming actress. She holds so much promise. There's a gutsy, intelligent comedic actor just waiting to burst out. She just needs the proper vehicle. This, unfortunately, isn't it. I don't ever expect much (anymore) from Zach Efron, but interestingly, he was one of the brighter spots in this turkey of a film, and only when he was actually acting instead of trying to make us laugh. I only really laughed at one line in the movie, and it was his. The laughs are very few and very far between (unless you're starved for entertainment and/or have no real sense of humor), and when you do laugh, it's more of a chuckle than anything else. I think it's the writing, among other things that derails it. It's pretty bad. The film is uneven, and there aren't any "punchlines", only poorly delivered dialogue. Which is the fault of the director, mainly. You do see the actors trying very hard to make this movie more than what it is doomed to be, and I kind of felt sorry for them. Anna Kendrick is a very capable actress, and it's hard to see her in this schlock. A fantastic performance by this young actress is in the film Up In The Air, which is superb. If you're a fan of hers, watch her in that instead. Even if you've already seen it, it's worth a second viewing. Or third.Bottom line, after waiting to see this movie, I was a little upset that it wasted my time. I would have rather watched reruns of Parks & Recreation to get my Aubrey fix, than sit through this thing. Finally, what can I say about Adam Devine. He's a clown, who has been intermittently funny on Modern Family and in the first Pitch Perfect movie, but he's the type of person you laugh at, not with. He was just loud and obnoxious (and not in a good way). Although his humor is not my taste, I'm sure fans of his may at least tolerate him in 'Mike & Dave'. I could barely. Bottom line, miss this time-waster. You're better off.
3 'THE HOUSE' was directed by Andrew Jay Cohen and stars Will Ferrell, Amy Poehler and Jason Mantzoukas. Scott and Kate Johansen must figure out a way to earn some money after their daughter's scholarship falls through. When all else fails, the desperate couple join forces with their neighbour Frank to start an underground casino in his home. As the cash rolls in and the good times fly, Scott and Kate soon learn that they may have bitten off more than they can chew.I love Will Ferrell. I like Amy Pouhler. I like Jason Mantzoukas. The director wrote a comedy I really like(Bad Neighbours). Alas, I did not like this movie. The laugh-face palm ratio for this movie was around 1:21. They are not good odds at all, especially considering the actors' and director's previously set standards. The movie's main fault for me is that it tries too hard to be funny. Movies do this and it can work, like with The Dictator(or most Sacha Baron Cohen movies). They actively go out of their way to place the character's in funny situations but it works. I cannot say why specifically but it works. If you try too hard but it works, then well done. But if you try hard and it doesn't work, it becomes nigh unwatchable.People applaud the premise for this movie. In my opinion, it's utter trash, for lack of a better term(or at least one I can post within the restrictions). The story itself wasn't much better and made no sense whatsoever. I wont argue that a comedy must have a good story and premise but it certainly helps when that's your last line of defence. South Park BL&U, Ace Ventura, Liar Liar, The Big Lebowski, The Dictator; these are all comedies that either have a solid premise or good story. And what do they all have in common? They are all generally regarded as good comedies. You can make a good comedy with abysmal story; it is possible. This is a time where that failed, however.Next, we have the performances. As previously stated, I like all the cast. That said, I felt that Ferrell and Pouhler were just reading lines of paper and weren't trying to deliver a genuinely good performance. With the exception of The Butcher of course, that was great. Jason Mantzoukas was fine in this movie. I liked him. He did good. Good job Jason. The villain was so bland and generic and lazy that the movie would have been better without one.Technically speaking, it's a proficient movie. I have no major complaints with how it's shot or edited. I like the costume design and the set design for the casino was pretty fun. I just wish they parodied 'Fight Club' during a certain sequence.In conclusion, I don't recommend you see this movie. There are much better and more well made comedies you can watch. Don't waste your time and money on it. I doubt you'll be impressed. I'll rate this movie 3 Severed Fingers out of 10!
3 'The Help' is a well-meaning attempt to educate the film going public about the civil rights era in the deep South through the perspective of the relationship between black maids and their white female employers.  Author Kathryn Stockett, who wrote the book on which the film is based, does well in reminding us that the black 'help' not only had to endure the threat of violence as a result of the encroaching backlash from white racists upset over a new black militancy in southern communities, but also had to deal with a multiplicity of indignities on the drab domestic front, including being forced to use separate bathrooms in the homes of their white female employers.  Not only does Hilly Holbrook (the film's principal 'villain') enforce this rule in her own home and influences her immediate neighbors to follow suit, but lobbies local politicians in order to have her racist initiative be codified into law.While Hilly may be a tad bit melodramatic as Stockett's 'Cruella de Vil', she is undoubtedly the most compelling character in the entire film. Stockett also does well with Elizabeth Leefolt, Aibileen's racist employer, who is perhaps more repulsive than Hilly, in that she does not have the self-awareness to realize that she is an incompetent mother. Occasionally, Stockett even suggests that some of oppressed maids may not have all their moral compasses in order. In perhaps one of the most interesting scenes in the film (due to the ambiguity), one of the maids is roughly pulled off a bus and arrested by seemingly racist, redneck policeman. I could hear the indignant sounds of the audience suddenly go quiet, when it's revealed that the maid arrested was the one who pilfered a diamond ring that had fallen behind a cabinet in the home of one of the white employers.Despite Stockett's noble attempt to relate the atmosphere of institutional racism so prevalent in the south during early 1960s, her main character, Skeeter, feels wholly anachronistic. It's as if Stockett projected her own modern day sensibility on to Skeeter and asks us to believe that such a character would have existed at that time. If there were progressive minded white liberals participating in the civil rights movement in the early 60s, usually they came from the north and were often met with outright violence. To have such a progressive minded white female from the south take up the cause of the oppressed black 'help', let alone create a book based on interviews with such women, is simply wish fulfillment on the part of the author. Stockett is obviously trying to mitigate some of her own guilt by creating the illusory, "feel-good" character of Skeeter. No book like "The Help" ever appeared in the early 60s and it would have never been published at that time.There's another reason why 'The Help' makes little sense. Why would "The Help" ever agree to Skeeter's plan? They certainly receive little financial compensation for their efforts and in the end, they're only setting themselves up for retaliation. A character in a book might take some satisfaction in mouthing off against an employer who subjects them to racist humiliation, but in the real world (and especially in the 60s deep South), one doesn't 'talk back', unless one wants to lose their sole source of support. Of course there were individual black women who worked as maids who could have 'talked back' and lost their jobs, but to suggest such a large group of women agreed to interviews en masse, is another one of Stockett's 'feel-good' conceits! While all those juicy interviews Stockett collected from the 'Help' may have worked in the book, the stories come off as dry recitations in the film. We don't actually experience the maids' stories visually—they are merely communicated to Skeeter during the interviews. Obviously, flashbacks wouldn't have worked during the interview scenes since there were too many of them. Stockett's other big problem with the 'Help' is that she's forced to place her main 'Help' characters on a pedestal. Yes Aibileen and Minny ARE victims but can they do no wrong? It may have been a more interesting story if "The Help" were REALLY told from their perspective. Stockett unfortunately is unable to make the Help's world come alive—do they actually have a back story? (the best we get is an allusion to Minny's "abusive" husband who never appears on screen). Or is everything defined by their relationship to the white world?Stockett resorts to melodramatic form, by offering up storytelling akin to a decidedly unsubtle 'quid pro quo.' You have your evil Hilly and then you need to counter it with the ditsy but kind Cecelia Foote, another unbelievable character designed to prove that whites weren't all that bad during the era. Even Charlotte, Skeeter's mother, must be subject to Stockett's quid pro quo treatment (Charlotte channels Hilly when she banishes beloved family maid Constantin in order to appease her racist club members but then sticks up for Skeeter when Hilly tries to blackmail her daughter).Worst of all are Stockett's male characters who are practically non-existent in the film. I didn't buy for one second that Skeeter would have actually been attracted to the boyfriend and gone out with him for a time. Wouldn't she have clarified from the beginning that he was a racist and had nothing to do with him? For those who are interested in getting a better picture of black life during the civil rights era, can I recommend the classic 1964 picture, 'Nothing But a Man'? 'The Help' only seems to suggest that white people deserve more credit than they really should receive for aiding black people in their quest for social equality and justice.
3 Recently this was added to my Netflix. I never watched it so I gave the first few seasons a go. The show is not intelligent at all, in fact, it not only feeds the viewer misinformation, it insults anyone with any intelligence. They make CSI look like super cops, about the same way Columbo and Monk make detectives look super impressive. Almost ever show is adorned with sexy guys and girls, rave music, and special effects that always go way beyond normal. Most police don't have time or resources to investigate common deaths (no brainers) to the point these people show. There is such thing as a departmental budget to follow but apparently not in Miami. The pseudo science is enough to make you sick. Apparently computers can enhance a photo from a gas station camera, bounce an image off the chrome bumper of a car, and see with great detail and color, to see who the attacker was in the reflection of someones glasses.If the show wasn't trying to be so serious, it would be fun to watch, like the old 1960's Adam West "Batman". The writers and producers of this show are not the only parties guilty of making this a bad TV series. Most of the actors are not that impressive either. The lead role of Lt. Horatio Caine by David Caruso, has his share of corny one-liners at the opening of each show. The actor says cleaver clichés, one example of this might be him arriving at the scene of an exploded bakery truck and he retorts, "Well looks like someone made toast out of this driver.". Then he puts his sunglasses on his face. There is also no ugly people. They killed the only normal looking lab technician they called "Speed" and replaced him with a pretty boy named "Wolf" in season 3. I stopped watching the shows after that point. Everyone in Miami apparently looks like a movie star.
3 Pretty much the same old demon story we see all the time... nothing special at all. Pretty boring and the acting is very bad !
3 Martin Scorcese reportedly considers this to be Kubrick's best film. I must agree, and I would say it's his best by some fair margin. I've never seen a film with photography that even begins to approach that in Barry Lyndon. But everyone mentions the photography. The three things that most decisively set this film apart from all of Kubrick's others and really haven't been mentioned enough are its enormous heart, its uncompromising spirit, and the way it seems to suspend time over and over again, simultaneously standing still yet flowing along easily, almost breathlessly. If you watch it expecting A Clockwork Orange or The Shining, you'll be very disappointed and may end up calling it long and boring, but if you set aside an entire evening and surrender yourself totally to its magic, I swear you'll be looking for yourself in Stunland a few hours later. I's time to treat yourself to Barry Lyndon. You may be shocked at discovering what's been there for so long.
3 The first movie was serviceable but this sequel is just trash. Despite the first Alice movie being mediocre at best, it made a lot of money so here we have a sequel that shouldn't have been made. It ruins even the slightest intrigue the first one had. And gets rid of any magical flare when it comes to the characters. I know when it comes to the message it tries to convey about the importance of time. To choose your own path and make the most of it. But a movie's core message is not enough the carry the movie. Despite the high budget it still comes off as a movie with cheesy CGI and lame scenarios. This sequel tries to delve more into the Wonderland characters and their past but destroys the presence and the charisma they once had. Mad Hatter played by Johnny Depp once again came off super annoying. It just seemed like the whole cast was just there for the paycheck. At least in the first one the characters somewhat had a presence and at least seemed like they were trying. The narrative is just all over the place and came off like a huge mess. Over it being a magical fun time...Kids will be super bored with this one. And the adults will get a headache. 3.5/10
3 I like French comedies, but this movie is pretty boring at some point. Too long for the story and not funny or deep enough.
3 sadly, this show won't catch a genie in a bottle like the remake of Hawaii Five O did. The only thing relatable to the original is the name Hondo and the name of the show. I just watched the first episode hoping for something good, but it turned out to be nothing more than a PC show made to fit the modern PC world. They've also changed the main premise of the show. In the synopsis for the series it says SWAT is the last stop for a case to be solved. This show, much like the CSI type show is flawed in the fact that SWAT and CSI doesn't solve crimes, they are not detectives. CSI is supposed to go the crime scene and discover evidence and then turn the findings over to the detectives. SWAT is supposed to be called in when things might get too hairy for the regular police officers. That's why they are called Special Weapons and Tactics. This show will last a season if it's not yanked off the air before the end. My bet, 6 episodes then they may burn the rest of the episodes off on Saturday nights.
3 After seeing this film last night it is clear that they did not want to make it like the book, and if they did they did an awful job in doing so. There were so many characters missing along with so many enchanting moments that made the book. With that being said the film itself was outstanding. Great performances by all actors and just all around a job well done. Had I not read the books I would have walked out giving it a 9/10. For me I am going to take the book series and the movie series as two separate stories that are so close to being the same in that they have the same story line. If others can do the same and try to just see them as separate things than this could be a really successful movie series.
3 Yesterday I finally saw the great Oscar winner of 2005, and I can say that "Million Dollar Baby" really deserves the awards of best film, director, lead actress and supporting actor, and even the prize of lead actor in the hands of Clint Eastwood would not be a mistake of the Academy: Ben Kinsley and Jamie Foxx were great, but in a whole I would have given the award to Clint Eastwood.The story is very simple and real: Maggie Fitzgerald (Hilary Swank), a poor thirty-one years old waiter from the very lower classes and with a dysfunctional loser family, decides to make a difference through the box. She convinces the experienced hardened box trainer Frankie Dunn (Clint Eastwood) to couch her and be her manager, with the support of his old partner Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris (Morgan Freeman), who sees her potential as a boxer. Frankie has a problem of relationship with his daughter, and practically adopts Maggie along her career, until she is seriously wounded in a fight for the championship and he has to take a decision.This unpleasant and sad theme, in the hands of another director, might have become corny. But the awesome Clint Eastwood deals with such touching story without final redemption, very realistic, making a future unforgettable classic in the genre. The characters and the dramatic situation are perfectly developed, and in the end, the viewer becomes sad, but never depressed. My vote is ten.Title (Brazil): "Menina de Ouro" ("Golden Girl")
3 We were really looking forward to this movie and after we watched it, we were glad that we hadn't rushed off to pay for it. Terrible movie. I don't know what Tarantino was trying to do. Usually a stickler for detail, this movie appears to be an offering trading on name only - ie., let's see what crap we can edit together and people will still buy it because it's a Tarantino movie. Given this theory - there a lot of fools giving way too high a rating in here. Were you drunk people? No joke. In the past, after watching a Tarantino movie there has been so much to think back on - when this one was over, I was irritated that I'd wasted my time. There is NOTHING clever about it. SPOILER: The reason they get caught out is because of the shoe (and their own dead men) left behind in the bar after the shootout. Now the Basterds have been ANAL perfectionists in their operation throughout the movie and suddenly they neglect to clean the scene?? Not a chance. Sorry. Useless product. Disgusting quality. If you already have enough money Mr Tarantino, just stop making movies - I for one won't ever be paying for another of yours.
3 We struggled through the first episode and I do not think we shall be watching any more.I'll disregard all the politics and hate going on here and just say that whilst I thought the acting and the sets were first class, the whole concept was lost to me. I hated the flash-forward-backs. These added nothing except confusion.I gave it 3/10 and I tink I was being very generous.
3 8 January 2018First Film of the year and first Film of Choice at The Plaza Dorchester Tonight - Pitch Perfect 3. So I hadn't seen the first two, I thought I better catch up, one mega acapella binge watching session later I'm fully caught up and ready for the third instalment. It didn't really matter much about the plot which was probably just as well, as long as the music entertained........and I reckon they didn't do too bad. This instalment sees the Bellas all grown up and beginning to make their way in the world, only it seems they can't make it without their acapella sisters. A little regret on parts of each of the girls makes them jump at the chance to take part in entertaining troops on the USO European tour. It's all the old crew with Beca and Fat Amy leading the way, add some competition in the form of a lean mean girl band, a rock/country group and put them slap bang among aircraft and helicopters on a selection of US naval bases and you have a fun light-hearted film which is guaranteed to keep your feet tapping throughout. Rebel Wilson is gloriously unfazed by all she says, sings and does and the whole film is once more led graciously by Anna Kendrick from disaster to singing magnificence as the film reaches its crescendo. You can almost keep your eyes closed throughout as the music is bouncy and easy to listen to, and ever so slightly leaves you wanting more. Aca-enjoyable.
3 Film Review: "Queen of the Desert" (2015)Working with major Hollywood stars on a frequent basis since 2005 with directing Christian Bale through "Rescue Dawn" (2006), confronting Nicolas Cage with inner demons in "Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call New Orleans" (2009) and given the antagonist "The Zec" for Tom Cruise's interpreted character of "Jack Reacher" (2012), Director Werner Herzog collaborates with actress Nicole Kidman to make her a living goddess by using the chronicles of real-life character Gertrude Bell (1868-1926) to find poetic beginnings and a roundup ending for a passionate picture of a woman connecting to her inner state within nature. The director loses all the ongoing hooks and suspense twists in between, especially due to a miscast actor James Franco as Gertrude Bell's love-interest Henry Cadogan, leaving Nicole Kidman struggling through an early 2014 shooting period, which she, due to her professionalism and decades of filmmaking experience, resolved for herself by wrap time, leaving the much-more documentary solid director Werner Herzog with another unbalanced motion picture narration of missed opportunities.© 2017 Felix Alexander Dausend (Cinemajesty Entertainments LLC)
3 Terrible. 3 at best. Dialog is awful. Accents are worse. How in the world can this be rated so high?
3 Firstly I must say that I saw this show by chance, and as a fan of Van Helsing it got me giddy thinking that a new show about Van Helsing was coming out, then when I got a few minutes in I honestly felt like crying. How this show got the go ahead baffles me.The script is horrible and the storyline is horrendous, followed by bad acting. The vampires are terrible as well. Honestly I don't really know what they were thinking when it came to this show and I think to make it work they need a serious rethink on the storyline, but to be honest I don't think it can work. Having a female as Van Helsing was a bad idea for a start the character is a male and should have stayed that way, secondly the vampires are rubbish they should make them less zombie like.This show is honestly terrible and not worth the watch, even though I will watch the second episode don't waste your time.
3 Don't approach the movie with your logic part of the brain switched on.Yes, as someone said there are some flaws relative to how realistic it can be, but that doesn't matter because you'd be missing the point.Just let yourself go and enjoy this celebration of cinema, dream and emotions and this piece of art will bring you on a lovely spiritual trip.I loved it.P.S.: Sorry IMDb, but I was able to say everything I wanted to say without the mandatory 10 lines of text. I really love your website but you should pass this message to the management: quantity doesn't make quality.
3 Disappointing. A few good visuals, but hardly any story. The plot: an ancient mummy gets a new lease of life. The actress playing the mummy is quite good but Tom Cruise and Russell Crowe are awful. They play themselves and most of the time seem half-hearted and bored,just going through the motions to get a pay check. Lucky my vote is a generous: 3/10.
3 yes, this is a movie for young viewers, but it is fun. silliness and a simple story. but frankly we don't have enough of them in this movie era. the colors are great, the animation is fun and frankly as an adult, i did enjoy it. this movie is pure escape. it is fun to hear the voices of such esteemed actors playing such fun characters. Sometimes i think so many reviewers feel they must pan movies as they don't relay various critical standards.. However, this one isn't one. i like many types of movies and this is one of them. a purely fun and colorful take on things. enjoy it for what it is and don't over think it! not all movies need that. it is great for kids and adults if you look at it as being simply fun! i am well over 21 and liked it very much!
3 Too many flaws in this movie. This movie is just for entertainment. I'm actually horrified by what they did to Earth to prevent climate change. It's very unrealistic and too dumb.So his little brother took the position and left his older brother with no job. Note, they kicked the older brother who saved the world from extreme climate change. Then after years, the system messed up. The younger brother harassed his older brother and tells him to fix the mess with the Dutchboy, the technology that controls Earth's climate. The older brother was pressured more because of weird drama from her daughter so he decided to fix it.Another scrutiny, at Hong Kong, It's apparent that the crushed egg boils in the ground while the car tires don't? The science really failed in this film.At space, the analyst guy Dunkin is rude and they expect the station not infested with a rat? What an unethical workspace they have in space.And when Lawson's jetpack malfunction he unbelievably survive. That is so very unbelievable. Anyway, It's called entertainment. I should be entertained.Another one, the security woman went home, she's the wife of the younger brother, and she just heard a crushed object and she just called "Max!"? Seriously, this is the kind of reaction you'll expect from a Secret Service Agent? And later she found a stranger and then her husband pops up behind her. The husband said it's okay, it's okay, it's okay and she's still pointing a gun at the visitor. That's so hilarious! It's so wrong. It's a very failed script.At space, they were searching for a high-tech USB device. The security guy just found them, pointing a gun at Lawson. Where Lawson is with the woman helping him search. You know who's that woman is? It's the Chief Scientist who's the boss of the security guy. Unbelievable! The security guy just did that in front of his boss. They should take Work Ethics in Space Station seriously. I guess, the Gun Control Law is not popular in Space Station.Another one, thunder hitting the Stadium and making the stadium explode. Is that even possible?!One scene, the President is arguing about Lawson serious accusation to Sec. of state while they're under Geostorm, I mean, where is his mind?So there's a geostorm all over the world, politically all power country will react. There is a serious repercussion to the US. I guess the sequel will be called Nuclear Storm.At the end part, they're fishing near a sandy beach shore. Very stupid indeed. Are they waiting for a crab?This film is so bad. What they're doing is a crime to humanity and to planet Earth. Very very bad.
3 First of all i would like to say that i have watched 19 episodes of this show and i am entitled to my opinion (unlike people who saw the pilot and left it) and i have to say that this show is just not good.Are there episodes that are sort of good? Of course,but it says something that your best episode is a collaboration with another studio. to keep in that mindset the biggest problem with the show is its writing. the dialogue is so bad with quips and one liners that are cringeworthy, a story that is propaganda in on itself (which i will touch later), characters that i just don't care about, and love triangles that are just unnecessary.this show is a mess starting with a big plot that involves "saving the world because of global warming, and the fact we don't care for the environment". GIVE ME A BREAK. why do you think this story is interesting? the market is so filled with propaganda about saving the world that this just does not help, what it does is it uses a stupid pretext of a story in a show that is already filled with feminist propaganda. As i said the writing on this show is just terrible.so yes you have a show with a female lead, do you need to push all this feminist trash on us every chance you get? like "if god existed SHE would not let this happen", like it genuinely pains me that the show tries so hard to push this bullshit to us, and does not focus on being a having a good story or good characters or at least decent action.to finish, the thing that bothers me the most is how much potential a female superman has to a good story, but all of that is wasted with stupid lines and stupid propaganda that all it does is bring down the show. so, would i recommend you watch it? NO.
3 The actors are superb, but the script fails in several ways. My immediate reaction, seeing the opening shots, was that this was not Missouri. I guessed it to be the southern Appalachians (where I have spent a lot of time), and so it was. The characters did not behave or speak the way real Southerners speak or behave. Martin McDonagh has written his fantasy of what he thinks Southerners are like. He got it wrong. He works in film sort of the way D. Trump works in politics--he shocks, he amuses, he appeals to our base instincts. But he doesn't tell a coherent story. The central characters are not sympathetic, and indeed they are borderline sociopaths, including Frances McDormand's character. Sam Rockwell's ludicrous cop character would not be tolerated, even in small-town South. Viewers are left to wonder why Woody Harrelson's wife is a much younger luscious babe with a foreign accent. (Also a real Southern man, even a lout like Harrelson's character, would not use foul language in front of his two small daughters.) The period was not clear; observing the cars in the film it seemed to be the 1980s or 90s. Yet there were no computers seen in the police headquarters of the advertising company office. Yet near the end McDormand uses her cell phone. Other reviewers have noted the recurrent racism of the screenplay. I kept wanting to get up and walk out, but stayed for a simple reason. As with any whodunnit, I wanted to find out who did it. Guess what? McDonagh never lets his audience know who did it. As author he must know, yet he keeps this information to himself.
3 This movie was pretty awful on so many levels. First, Diesel seems to sleep walk through his lines and scenes. The slight tilt of the head and cute smirk got old after the first 5 minutes. Donnie Yen's fight scenes were really good, and that's about the best this film brings. The writing was atrocious. The snarky, too-cute and cliché lines at every turn. I didn't know if I was watching a movie or reading the one-liner comebacks from a comedy show. It's too bad because this movie had a good cast. Toni Colette needs to stick to heavier roles; she looked out of place in this role. And more Samuel Jackson. I've been hoping for better films to come out of the new China-owned studios, but so many have disappointed lately. Maybe Jet Li could have saved this film, I'm not sure.
3 Warning: Lots of spoilers ahead.This is a very bad movie. Nothing about A Quiet Place makes any sense and it's paced so slowly that - even at only 95 minutes - you'll have plenty of time to ponder why it doesn't make sense.The movie is set in the near post-apocalyptic future after an alien invasion decimates the population. (Think Walking Dead with aliens instead of zombies.) The aliens are blind but have very sensitive hearing, along with a proclivity to kill anything that makes the slightest noise.The movie stars Emily Blunt and her real-life husband John Krasinski, who also wrote, directed and probably catered the movie. They and their three children, oops, two children, wait, three children live on a farm. The early part of the movie feels like an old documentary demonstrating how life changes when you can't make the slightest sound. Still, life's pretty good and they've built a sand-covered path - MILES long - so they can wander into a nearby deserted town from time to time. (Where did they get all that sand?)Time passes, and Emily Bluet is now pregnant. And the movie starts to unravel. Why would you bring a baby - which are known to make loud random noises - into a world full of aliens that instantly kill things that make random loud noises? And, we know the couple had options since we saw them raiding a drug store in the movie's opening scene. The good news is that they have thought about the noise problem, as they've built a soundproof, pitch-black box, complete with an oxygen mask, in which they plan to keep the baby. (?) Up until the baby comes along, they've lived in a home where they can make NO noise at all. Which is a real strain on however many kids are currently around. It's then revealed that they've constructed a large soundproof room in which they plan to keep the baby. Gee, couldn't they occasionally visit that room so that the kids could talk, laugh, etc.(Major spoilers)Just as the baby is about to arrive, Emily Blunt steps on a very large sharp nail (it's never clear exactly how this very large, very sharp nail suddenly appeared on a stairway that's in constant use) and the noise attracts some aliens. Much action, most of which makes little sense, ensues.At some point, however, it turns out that the aliens' acute hearing makes them overly sensitive to high-frequency sounds, so the movie ends with the family realizing that they - or at least the ones that are still alive - can live happily ever after if they just play high-pitched sounds to drive the aliens away. (Kind of like killing the Martians in Mars Attacks by playing Slim Whitman's "Indian Love Call.")At this point, we're asked to believe that NO ONE else figured that out. The house if full of newspaper clippings chronicling the invasion. The invasion clearly took some time, but no one in government, academia, or the local Radio Shack store thought about that?Avoid this one.
3 It's another repetitious movie with boring storyline and whole movie is pointless , even its not funny The previous part was acceptable but not this onI suggest you not waste your time and watch another movie instade
3 OH, JUST TERRIBLE................................................................................................................................................................................................... AVOID IT IF U CAN
3 Based on the graphic novel. About a girl living in her own head, thinking that she's playing a game in which she saves her town form a problem it has with Giants. It's a touching story. Almost made me cry...almost. I'll tell you why it did not cry. I did not find the story gripping enough. The connection between a little girl's fantasy world and the real reason why she made it up was drawing at straws. Although that could be the case for all children going through emotional stress, I don't know, but from a cinematic point of view, it was too lose the base on reality. What's important is that the movie lives up to the curiosity of the poster that I saw that made me go see it. It has heart as they say and is filled with delightful characters as every fantasy film should beA solid picture worth seeing.
3 The story ended with T2, Cameron told all the story needed and moved on unlike fans of this sorry forced franchise and the three studios that each picked up the rights and made one contrived cash-grab after the next before passing it on one after the other like a dirty whore. This is the worst rehash of old ideas ever resold to a desperate fanbase. A baby-faced Sarah Connor who looks like she should be getting ready for a prom date unlike the hardened paramilitary character that Lind Hamilton trained like a madwoman to deliver in looks and performance. Some 8-ball headed actor trying to pass of John Connor, an Asian Robert Patrick doing all the same stuff we saw 20 years ago and an old age pensioner Arnorld Schwarzenegger being made to do everything in CGI his awful frame lost the ability to do decades ago. Only Hollywood would flog a dead horse so continuously and still find an audience however small and desperate, to watch and cheer every single swing of the lash.
3 ***this review may contain spoilers*** It is undeniable that this movie has its fair share of thrills, stunning CGI scenes and unique yet realistically gory zombies.However, there is nothing more to that. It jumps from scene to scene without enough plot to give the audience a sufficient sense of appreciation as to why the characters are doing what they do. I could hardly believe it when the movie ended, 2 hours wasted on what could have been time playing "left 4 dead 2" and still leaving me with the same feeling - the 'that was thrilling but a complete waste of time' feeling. I'm going to keep this a short and simple, almost lazy review. Because that is exactly how I feel about this movie.
3 Why would they remake a film by the master? The whole idea behind remaking films is to remake something that was maybe a good idea but had bad execution. The original Oldboy is a 10 top to bottom, story, script, action, actors, direction, why did they try to remake perfection. Josh Brolin is good but when you start comparing him to the pain and anguish Min-Sik Choi convaed in the Korean version there is no way to compare the two. Also I like Spike Lee and some of his work but he was the wrong choice for this. Still not sure who thought this was a good idea, it's like eating a McRib when you can have Korean BBQ, which one sounds better to you. Watch the Korean version.
3 Since Moon entered my top five in 2009 (it's still there by the way), I've been eagerly waiting for Duncan Jones to make Mute, which acts as a companion piece instead of a direct sequel. I enjoyed Source Code, but I gave Warcraft a miss because it's a video game adaptation, and they've never been worth the price of admission.As sublime as it is, it looks like Moon might have been a fluke. I had high hopes for Mute, but it's like Jones took a first-year student film script and somehow got millions of dollars to make it. It's a horrendously disjointed, bloated disaster whose plot would be boring in a normal setting, and is downright wasted in the world in which it's set. Is this what it was like when The Phantom Menace was released?
3 **SPOILERS**This movie is bad. There's no other way to say it. The acting is terrible, the direction is terrible, the script is terrible, the pacing is terrible and the "twist" and traps are all...you guessed it...terrible. The original 7 SAW movies built a rich story of a man seeking a higher purpose for the relatively short time he had left on the planet. This story was woven with layer after layer of twists and turns that actually piggy-backed off of each other to leave the viewer with really good WOW moments...for instance:When we find out that the victim with the key under his eye in SAW 2 was operated on by Dr Gordon, THAT MAKES SENSE...because Gordon WAS a surgeon. When we learn that Hoffman is also an apprentice, THAT MAKES SENSE because there is manpower required to move and hang victims that a bed ridden Jigsaw and 80 pound Amanda couldn't have. This movie, introducing ANOTHER apprentice and giving ZERO reason why he's never mentioned in the SEVEN other movies is absolutely insane. I'm sure someone will point out "But, he was the guy who mixed up the X-rays!"...uh...OK...except, mixed up X-rays are never talked about in any of the SEVEN other movies...even in the later movies where we get the bulk of Kramer's story, we are told that he knew he had cancer and the reason he wasn't operated on is because his insurance denied him for "pre-existing conditions". Another thing that drove me NUTS about this movie is this: when the people make it past the part where the chains are initially released from around their necks, they go right for the LOCKED DOOR...when the barn they're in is rickety as HECK and you can clearly see that the boards holding it together are quite far apart, old and could, most likely, be broken through with ANY of the farm tools that are just lying around. I mean, COME ON. They try and show, later, that old PigFace is stalking them, making sure that they finish the game but, at this point, there are THREE players still left, in relatively good shape and, if all of them grabbed an axe, Pick, shovel and broke through the side of the dang barn, they could take on whoever came at them together. Also, the "new Jigsaw"...Jesus Christ. Please, PLEASE don't let this guy come back to the series...he's an awful actor, has a crap backstory and absolutely ZERO charisma. If he's supposed to be the guy to lead the series forward...wow. Just...wow. Lastly...the traps are the reason that people watch these movies and the "traps" in this movie are utter trash. No originality. Not "cool". Not twisted. Just lame and more lame. Please don't let these brothers anywhere near this franchise again. For the love of god.
3 First of all let me say I didn't pick this film at random, I really am a sucker for this kind of plot device (i.e. Groundhog Day or more generally the 'change one thing in a chain of events and see how they turn out' premise). The problem is I've seen many good films that have used this in clever ways (Run Lola Run) or even average quality films that have at least managed to keep the suspense going (Butterfly Effect). I've even enjoyed a recent teenagery version of this in game format ("Life is Strange") which I think is the main reason why I thought I'd give this one a go.Well, it is dull and predictable, not even trying to be subtle (the moral of the story is literally printed in big bold letters on a poster that the camera zooms on around 10 times throughout the film). The acting is meh, cinematography good but uninspired. I think it is exclusively aimed at a teenage audience that hasn't yet been exposed to better movies of this kind. I also can't imagine who else would like the godawful music score (OK, sorry teens, I admit this may be me getting old).Bottom line: not suitable for over 25s.And a note regarding films on Netflix (that we don't hear about anywhere else): they suck more often than not.
3 Either way, they're all too innocuous to truly hate. Lowest common denominator in every way: tons of lame jokes, forceful heartfelt moments that aren't earned, and random acts of cuteness. Carell deserves so much better than just being given a tired, silly accent like the worst of Mike Myers.
3 After finishing the book in two days I couldn't wait to see the movie! Finally going to the cinema and realizing it was the worst movie ever! The whole purpose of a romantic movie is to make the you feel something, I didn't feel anything except boredom! There was absolutely no dept, no building towards the end. It would have been a better movie if they started with the crash of Maddy's parents and brother. I had such high hopes but unfortunately it wasn't good at all.
3 The most complex thing to think about the film Prisoners is why any of the Oscar nominated or recognisably 'serious' actors agreed to be in it in the first place. While it is clearly meant to be, judging by the blind critical reaction, a tense, thought provoking, violent and difficult film, I found it to be too dreary, too melodramatic, too obvious and, most importantly, too long.There are few films that can, successfully, keep me gripped for 2hrs35min. JFK is one and that other Gyllenhaal detective drama Zodiac is another but what they had, that Prisoners forgot, was a complex, gripping detective narrative with possibly many solutions and actual characters. It is in these two areas that Prisoners woefully falls short.Focussing, for the moment, on the little good in the film, Prisoners is very well shot by seasoned director of photography, Roger Deakins and not badly played by the starry, Oscar grabby cast, not that they're given a whole lot to work with.That being said, my first problem with the kidnapping plot is that it was obvious. If you, like my wife and I, indulge your silly brain cells every week by watching 45min detective procedurals like The Mentalist, Castle, Elementary, White Collar or whatever, then you will see the ending of the film coming a mile away. This is because, the way it was set up and as it continued to play out, there was only a handful of ways it could play out. Now, I'm sure, for those not so used to the simple twists and turns of evening TV, Prisoners may have been a gripping whodunit but, I am sorry, if you've read any, even mildly, detective orientated books or watched a Murder She Wrote then you'll know the plot, like I did, 45mins in and will have to sit there for another 1hr and 45mins waiting for surly, grumpy, tattooed Jake Gyllenhaal to work it out too. Which he eventually does but even his, supposedly brilliant, 'never lost a case' detective is beaten to the punch by 'very angry indeed' Hugh Jackman.Gyllenhaal's detective is supposed, I am guessing, to be a tortured, dogged genius but we never see any evidence of him really doing anything insightful or perceptive, he's not a fantastic puzzle solver, good with people particularly and there doesn't appear to be a great intellect pounding away inside his furrow browed, slicked back haired head. It struck me as one of those characters him and the director talked endlessly about but forgot to put any of the motivations into the actual script. We are told in dialogue he is brilliant and we are just meant to take it as read, despite the fact that all he does is mundane and routine investigation. Yes he has tattoos, a grumpy face and spends thanksgiving alone in Chinese restaurants but apart from that, we have no idea what makes him tick, oh and his superiors and the police around him are also woefully inept.Jackman is a survivalist, all American, possible religious nut who is also an alcoholic with an atrociously bad temper bubbling underneath a, not very interesting, surface. I was never sure if we were meant to side with him so that, we the audience, were complicit in his violent actions later on but seeing as I didn't really like him from the get go and seeing as I suspected that probably Paul Dano's massively red herring probably wasn't the bad guy (just by watching the trailer) that didn't really work for me. I actually found his reaction a little unrealistic and over the top but then I also found Paul Dano's character as annoyingly, idiotically stubborn as Jackman found him. Mind of a 10 year old or not, traumatised or not, I didn't buy for one second he'd stay silent for as long as he does, when he had no problem talking to Gyllenhaal's character for an apparent 10hr interrogation (we're told and see on video).Maria Bello, Viola Davis & Terrence Howard are all shockingly underused and irrelevant (mostly) and poor Melissa Leo is left playing, what slides very close to being, a comical old grandma part. Complete with bad clothes, huge glasses and a terrible wig. I am, personally, amazed that this film got made the way it did at all and, secondly, amazed that people love it so much. It's not that it's a bad film. It's fine. It just felt very obvious, mundane, grim and too long.
3 "The Hunt," the latest from Thomas Vinterberg, takes a compelling premise but pushes its credibility, and its audience's patience, so far that any impact the film might have had is blunted under the weight of its preposterousness.Mads Mikkelsen plays a kindergarten teacher who is accused by a little girl of exposing himself to her. We know from the start he's not guilty, and that the girl says what she does out of a combination of confusion and anger. But as soon as the idea is planted in the heads of the teachers and parents, they use it to go on a witch hunt with one person as their target.Watching the film is sort of like watching a car accident in slow motion. We see one bad decision pile itself on top of another, and a situation that could have easily (or at least more efficiently) been resolved instead turn into a spiraling nightmare. The problem is that the events in the film don't make any sense (or at least didn't to this American viewer). The kindergarten teacher who first hears of the allegations decides to call in the mom of the little girl, tell her that her daughter may have been molested, and then says there isn't anything else to discuss at that moment in time!! And the mom accepts that!!! And then the teacher announces at that evening's parent/teacher night that all of their children might also have been molested, and hands out informational pamphlets!!!! And none of the parents ask any questions!!!!!! Maybe there's a cultural disconnect, but I can't imagine parents in any country handling this situation in the way it's portrayed in this film.And the implausibilities just add up from there. A much more effective and interesting film would have found people following proper procedures and still not being able to shake their inherent knee-jerk prejudices. But an incident like the one in this film, or any incident for that matter, is of course going to get out of control if everyone acts as crazy as they do in this movie. The film manipulates its characters into doing things that it doesn't seem plausible people would actually do, just to make a point. That's called building up a straw man argument, which are famous for being able to knock down.Perhaps Vinterberg means for his film to be morbidly funny, a black comedy of the absurd. But if so, he doesn't handle the material well enough to make that clear. He invites us to scratch our heads in disbelief at how poorly people can behave, but doesn't make those people's behavior believable enough for us to care.Grade: B-
3 Do not waste your time! I am not writing often- usually when I have something nice to say but this time I have to! Film was ridiculous!It is not a comedy! It is not a family movie! It is hardly the drama! WHAT WAS THAT REALLY!!!!????? I went with my best friend to see this movie yesterday to get into Christmas spirit! OHH.....If only I could turn back time....such a waste- all of the great actors...I do not have idea why or why Susan Sarandon even wanted to be part of that sham!!??? One word- OK two- HUGE Disappointment!!!! Avoid!
3 "Terrifier" is a continuation of the story of Art the Clown and his evil doings on Halloween. I will say this: this clown not only looks scary, but is one sick, twisted individual! He is out to do harm to anybody that gets in his way. It seems once he lays eyes on you, there is no escape. This movie also does not skimp on the gore. There are two kills that are as graphic as anything I've ever seen. In fact, it went a little overboard for my tastes. I'm sure the gore hounds will love it, though. To each his own, I suppose. Unrated but this is not a movie for children, so parents be WARNED. This film contains savage violence, language, and nudity.
3 I truly in love this movie. For all the girls out there who always hope ur first love will come back to you,even they already breaks ur heart. We still have a chance.. if its meant to be. Ur first will be back to u.. thats what i hope aswell The soundtrack, makes me into this movie and feels how her feel.. she is the strongest women ever this movie so sweet
3 The title says it. Here goes: Prior to release the critiques are overwhelmingly positive and make out the sequel to be the second coming! It turns out there is either payola going on or the studio has photos of some people.The day before and on the day of release IMDb fills up with perfect 'viewer' reviews of said film propelling the sequel to IMDb 250 list. All these, er, reviewers believe this film is perfection with not even a speck of imperfection. 10/10 i.e. nothing at all could be in any way better! The sequel was in actuality unrequested and unwanted.The sequel sets itself up for even more sequels with unresolved or cliff hanger plots.I do have to confess that I found the actresses in 2049 sexy and worth fantasizing about. Those were the real tens here and so I cannot give BR2049 a mere 1, which is something TFA deserves. Obviously Ridley and Villeneuve are better crew than JJ Abrams and whoever Disney hires, but it has to be said that BR2049 was a disappointment and I wish it were not made. The bar was set so high to begin with.
3 The more I explore Tarkovsky the more I get confused. No, don't take me wrong, I get confused in which movie of his should be my favorite. Ivan, Solaris, Stalker all were 9/10 that is I simply loved all those, but after watching this I have to rate this as 11/10 and my favorite AK's creation but it doesn't seem very real as all his other movies (so far I have seen) are all simply beautiful. AK's movies are the link between me and Russia, as I am not Russian and don't even know their language, culture or even country very well. So after watching his work it seems to me as if I am getting closer to the country and everything about it. It's an amazing experience for me as a viewer and a person.Now talking about Rublev, this movie is rather than a story of Rublev is a story of his times, times he lived in. Turbulent times that Russia in general went through as he lived in it as a painter. I think this is a major point why this movie is so good and works so well. The photography is amazing each frame of the movie is actually as if a work of painter, background score is too good blends very well with the scenes, acting too is good especially the main central role. He makes you feel his problems, worries, soul search all as real. Coming to direction it is undoubtedly one of the best works of Tarkovsky and I wonder why this movie is not listed in any of the top 100 movies of all time as a matter of fact any other Tarkovsky's movies. Each frame of the movie is picture perfect right from the opening scene when a man is trying to fly in the hot balloon to the end when the bell is tolled perfectly to the great art work of Tarkovsky in real. The movie has all the Tarkovsky's signature element in them, beautiful use of earth elements air, water and fire to the great effect as well his soul searching, God related questions, answers, explanation and all. Also most important point for many movie goers who criticize him for his slow paced movies, this one is very different from his other movies, even though it's long but not for a single second you will feel bored as it is not slow paced and keeps you engaged in the story. Rating: 11/10. I cannot wait to explore his other movies.
3 A lack of pace and discernible direction robs Dark Places of any real interest. Like the main character Libby Day this is a listless, aimless, rather lifeless film, so over injected with cynicism and nihilism that you quickly stop caring who did what to who. The acting is passable but I'm damned if I see what the fuss is regarding Charlize Theron. I've yet to see anything from this actor that's truly impressive. This film is no exception. Wandering around in a hat being sarcastic, glaring and smoking, just don't cut the acting mustard in my estimation. My advice, give this one a miss. Three out of ten from me.
3 Okok soooo um...did his mom get freaky with bigfoot or something cuz the title kinda wierded me out and um...yeah...
3 Honestly, I'm not a Twilight doomsayer. I found the first couple at least fair to decent, but the series did deteriorate.When I watched and cackled during Breaking Dawn Part 1, I couldn't believe how bad the film was, but my wife, in her wisdom and accuracy said 'you shouldn't see part 2 then'. I responded with 'well part 1 was terrible - generally without dialogue or direction and the CG that has been awful through the other movies has continued the tradition in part 1.' Honestly, those wolves are so poorly modeled and animated, it's painful.My wife looked at me and said, 'I really don't want to be in the room with you if you watch part 2'. She was right. She didn't want to be in the room.OMG, that baby was complete freakshow. I think Sharktopus on the SciFi channel was built and rigged better. Baby needs bloom.Part 2 sadly is without dialogue or direction. The special effects cause a migration in the film from just bad to humorous so that leaves me with this rating.I might have rated it slightly higher if it hadn't cost so much. I know where the money went in this film, but it wasn't in production, creation, concept or detail.Enjoy the film if you can
3 I intend to deal explicitly with the ending of this film. Be warned.Many comments have dealt with the gradual build-up of tension and character which makes this film so riveting. They are all true. But a lot of people cannot understand the ending, and therefore condemn it. The ending is, however, integral to the meaning of the film as a whole. These four men are warned that taking this job, no matter how much it pays, will cost them their lives. We understand that they are in a situation where one mistake will cost them their lives, and only fearlessness can save them. We see that M. Jo, a bully who gets what he wants by pushing people like Luigi around, turns into a snivelling coward when faced with a couple of tons of nitro he can't bully. His fear causes him to lose others' respect, his self-respect, and eventually his life. But our hero has no fear, and so of course he must survive, right? Wrong. Fear protects us, keeps us from endangering ourselves. Without fear, our hero cannot keep himself out of danger. Therefore he dies. Stupidly. And it's his own fault.Think about what was going on in 1953; millions of people had eight years earlier come out of a situation as nail-biting as driving a truck full of nitro. They talk about the "lost generation" being the survivors of the First World War, but the same happened in the Second. The ending makes sense of the title; not only the wages of sin but the wages of fear (of having to face extreme fear, that is)is death. It is brilliant how a film which is so entertaining on a superficial level is also so deep.
3 One would think that a top notch producer-duo like Anthony Bregman and Gary Goetzman, an amazing cinematographer like Matthew Libatique, an unbelievable composer like Danny Elfman, two talented editors like Lisa Lassek and Franklin Peterson, and incredible actors like Tom Hanks and Emma Watson would guarantee a great film, right? -- Wrong... this is why the screenplay is so important. To be completely fair, I haven't read David Eggers' novel, so I don't know if it's good or not, but if we base that judgement on the film, it sure as hell doesn't seem like it.Why is the script so poorly written? The first big problem is that we don't know our protagonist's intent or obstacle. We have no idea what she wants, what she's doing to get it, or what stands in her way. This is at the top of every screen writing seminar, course, book, or principle list that you can find. If this is not clear within the first 10 to 12 pages of your script, then don't even bother filming it.We do know that she dislikes her job and that she has a sick father whom she loves. But she's not doing anything to help her dad, and she's not looking for a different job either. She does go kayaking though, so... good for her! The job offer (inciting incident) that gets her to embark onto a promised adventure, comes in a phone call from a friend. A phone call that takes our protagonist by surprise. So, to make matters even worse, our main character is completely reactive. Things happen to her, she doesn't make them happen, which makes her dull and boring -- Something one would think could be a big decision-changer for actors like Emma Watson to accept a role in a film at this point of her career. But hey, maybe not! Our protagonist agrees to the interview (a very weird one that includes picking between her favorite Beatle and reacting to an inappropriate invitation to go out with her interviewer) and she gets the job! And now we embark onto the adventure.At first, everything is very expository. Tom Hanks' character is introduced as a quite literal Steve Jobs-like company manager, who believes in technology's power to help us know everything about everyone in the world, basically. Then, an opportunity to help her father reveals to our protagonist by, again, the same friend who offered her the interview in the first place. So, our protagonist is yet again reacting to what is happening to her.To make matters worse, what pushes her (very late so) to make her first big decision, is that she inadvertently decides to take a kayaking trip in the middle of the night, and go sailing onto the darkness with no life-vest (or even a flashlight for that matter), for a ridiculous nocturnal, meditative promenade (because, you know, YOLO). This really bizarre, nonsensical decision is what propels her to take action with Tom Hanks' character and take an active part of the all-time-surveilling-technology of the Circle. Then the story turns into a modern era "Truman Show" without the innovative factor of reality television, and with an improbable audience who is all-love-and-no-hate for our always innocent Mae Holland. (Seriously, this Utopia world presents no haters in the social media.) The technology gets so big, they challenge themselves to find any person in the world, with the help of their hundreds of millions of subscribers. The first person they challenge their users to find is an outlaw murderer woman. She is found within 10 minutes, and guess what? These hundreds of millions of users find her without a shred of mistakes. No one mistakes another woman for her, there are no complications, and her capture is done by a police officer with calm and accuracy. Let us just say that plausibility is not this film's strongest suit.The next person they challenge their users to find is an ordinary person who's not a part of the Circle's network, and who's a former friend of our protagonist. What happens next is simply too stupid to face, because people actually chase for this guy down a highway in the mountains and get him killed in live-feed broadcasting. And what's even worse: there are no consequences to his death. Instead, what happens is that Mae finally "opens her eyes" to the fact that what the Circle is doing is wrong (duh!) and that violating people's privacy could get them killed (oops!). And so, she designs a trap to expose the people behind the Circle and their true intentions (evil laugh). And guess what? SHE DOES IT! She exposes them, all their conversations, their plans, all their private correspondence, all of it! And do you know what they were hiding? -- Neither do I, because the screenwriter forgot to tell us, I guess... Or maybe he did write it but the editor cut that part out... or maybe the director forgot to film that part... or maybe it's not even in the original novel... who knows? And at this point, frankly my dear... who gives a damn? Yes, the antagonist played by Tom Hanks is a uni-dimensional character who we pretty much know nothing about. He has no intent either, no obstacles along the way, and no clear agenda at all. How they got Tom Hanks to act in this film, is just a complete mystery.The end of the film is as nonsensical as the rest of it. Mae goes on yet another one of her kayaking sails -- but wait a minute, this time she's not alone. She's surrounded by drones who are watching "over" her... because, you know, that is what this was all about...Please, please, Tom, Emma, Anthony, Gary, Danny, Matthew, Hollywood, the studios, THE AUDIENCE... give some real screenwriter a chance. We promise, we won't let you down.Cheers from Mexico.Sincerely, Carlos Algara
3 Absolutely beautiful movie, the chemistry between Dani and James is intense and transcends the screen. If you expect that classic Hollywood romance, with the regular cliche dialogue this is not the movie for you, because it's not impressing because of it's action, it's a truly emotional connection between two people that love each other. Not to mention James McAvoy incredible acting.
3 Why is Wesley Snipes sharing screen time with Ryan Reynolds and Jessica Biel? Who cares about Hannibal King? I paid to see Blade kick butt, just like in Blade 1 and 2. I didn't pay to see Ryan Reynolds joke for half the film. I didn't pay to see Jessica Biel (hottest body in Hollywood) fake fight. Who cares about Whistler's daughter? Blade the Vampire Hunter was a good film. Strong villain. Strong hero. Good story. Blade 2 was even better. A rare sequel that bests the original. Two strong villains for Blade to fight against. Good supporting cast. Good story and a director who gets it. Blade Trinity is a joke: literally. The villain, warning spoilers ahead, is Dracula, if you don't know by now. Dracula: the original vampire--the baddest of them all. What a way to end the series, then to have Blade fight the first and the greatest of his kind, but Dracula does basically nothing throughout the film. He doesn't pose any real threat to Blade, or anyone else. He is just there, and Blade has to kill him, because that is what he does. The other vampires in the film seem to have no other purpose either than beating up Ryan Reynolds' Hannibal King, while the latter cracks one liners. I didn't pay to see a comedy. Jessica Biel is hot, but I didn't pay to see a Jessica Biel movie. I paid to see Wesley Snipes as Blade, and yet it is like he is cast aside for younger models. Wesley Snipes is the star. He has charisma, on screen and off. Jessica Biel does not, and I don't care about Ryan Reynolds. I paid to see Blade. What happened to Blade?
3 I think Spielberg's lost his way recently. This move is absolutely empty without the pop culture references it reaps upon, without an ounce of subtlety no less (If I want to watch The Shining, I'll watch The Shining. If Spielberg really wanted a highlights reel of The Shining pasted onto his movie, he should be learning to have some restraint). Hollow story, no characters, no emotion, terrible CGI that is reminiscent of current pre-rendered cutscenes (which is pretty accurate but extremely lazy. It would've been nice to see some effort and creativity), hazy and exhausting action sequences, and a hackneyed message about being a gamer and how electronics are bad and should be used in moderation. It's basically a spiritual successor to The Emoji Movie.
3 No other films in the world have produced such sharp, raw, gritty and atmospheric yet absolutely beautiful cinematography as those directed by the Italian director, the great Sergio Leone. Audiences around the world saw first hand the power and influence "A Fistful Of Dollars" bought to the world. It made a director famous, a young Clint Eastwood a household name and the Western more popular than it had ever hoped to be since the master works of John Ford. However, Sergio Leone bought with him a whole new sub-genre - a whole new style - and the Western had never looked darker and grittier. 'The Man With No Name' bought with it a whole new meaning to a heroic protagonist. There was no more good guy/bad guy, but only a survivalist type - ignorant and self indulgent, yet still moral and fair, tough and smart and damn good with a gun. The world fell in love with him and anticipated its sequels which only became more violent, atmospheric and realistic and gave the authentic true feeling of the West.It is why I consider 'Once Upon A Time In The West' to be Sergio's definitive masterpiece. He took everything that he ever felt about the West and made some of the most intriguing 3 hours of film ever produced. The budget had never been bigger. The plot had never been more riveting. The music and setting had never been more epic and the cinematography had never been more powerful. This film is perfect, start to finish!This time our premise intersects the stories of five people - yes five people - and it is brilliantly crafted. And this time it isn't a chain smoking son of a gun without a name that carries the film, but rather a female prostitute. This isn't the 'Rocky Horror Picture Show', so please continue reading. The plot revolves around a certain family and its moist establishment in the middle of a desert with hopes for it to one day be a thriving town with a railway station. It is this future town that brings our five protagonists into relation. The family is murdered by a gang led by Frank (Henry Fonda) who works the hit-man for a corrupt railway boss who wants the town out of the way so he can reach the coast and view the sea before he dies. However, unaware of her arrival, Jill (Claudia Cardinale) - the family's patriarch's fiancée - comes to claim her property and therefore possesses a threat to the railway boss. Meanwhile a man with no name nicknamed 'Harmonica' (he always plays a Harmonica before making a kill) has come to town looking for Frank for personal reasons. Charles Bronson nails the role with extreme prejudice. Also a fugitive going by the name of Cheyenne (Jason Robards) assists in his journey to prove his innocence regarding being the wrongly accused murderer.No spoilers, but just an assurance that this film will blow you away. It is impossible to comprehend the overwhelming powerful epic experience in one sitting. This is what motion pictures are meant to be. Masterful storytelling, a larger than life score by the brilliant Ennio Morricone, cinematography yet unmatched and a cast made in heaven. Performances from all the actors are some of the best you will ever see.It is films like these that redefine genres and that honorable of all words, a 'classic'. Prove me wrong. For those who experienced it, I hope it has impacted you in much the same way it has me. Upon its release, this film was unsuccessful, because the world wanted another Clint Eastwood picture. But they couldn't see for a mile what was coming. Sergio Leone is platinum. May the force be with him...........always!
3 While Taraji P. Henson shines as the lead role, Proud Mary is simply a thinly written, chopily edited, and overly predictable action film.What started off as a classic, nostalgic feel, is now every other action film cliche that we have seen countless times.Again, Taraji is really the only actress who was able to save this film.
3 As others have said, I too was hoping for more of a sequel to King of Queens. I will watch a rerun of that whenever I see one -- and we all know you can catch one on at any minute of the day or night.And you know -- this show is set up almost exactly like King of Queens; but this does not work.The wife is wrong. Let's face it; we all want Carrie, not this too- pretty actress who says "Ah, honey" no matter what jackass thing Kevin does. She is just off.Now, that whole subplot with the daughter does not work. That was lifted from the Brad Garrett sitcom 'til Death, or that short-lived Warburtin show, Crowded -- or a host of others. The only change is he's British.The Greek chorus, including Danny, is back -- but they seem off as well.I guess it was the writing and the whole dynamic that made KoQ a hit, and this a flop
3 Opening Scenes Preview:As LOOKING GLASS opens we see the opening titles intermixed with scenes of a less than late-model pickup truck, laden with personal belongings, making its way down a two-lane highway in the middle of wide open, scrubby desert. Ray and Maggie, played by Nicholas Cage and Robin Tunney, are obviously on their way somewhere to "start over". This is conveyed by close-up images of their strained expressions, a small collection of "traveling cross-country" sequences (stopping to pee, daytime driving, nighttime driving) and half-transparent flashback images letting us know they have suffered the tragedy of the accidental death of their toddler child.They eventually arrive at their destination, The Motorway Motel. But Ray and Maggie are not here to stay as guests; they're to be the new owners and operators. Strangely, the motel office is dark as Ray bangs on the door. Then he notices an envelope on the ground, and in it he finds the key to the door of the office. Apparently, the previous owner, Ben, has just turned out the lights, locked up, carelessly put the key in an envelope, and left. Exploring their new living quarters they find a sloppy, terse note, "She's all yours", which apparently covers everything since it appears that even all of Ben's personal belongings are still here. There's even a bit of dirty clothes lying around.Ray unloads the pickup truck and does a quick survey of The Motorway Motel. It's one of those little strip motels, rather nondescript, but the rooms appear to be neat and tidy. Like all such high-quality establishments, everything is either screwed or nailed down. Even a very crooked picture is solidly secured to the wall. Crookedly.Ray receives an odd call from Ben, who appears to be a very weatherbeaten old man. But the call is rushed and peculiar, full of obviously insincere encouragement from Ben to Ray about running their new motel. Wherever Ben is, he's clearly apprehensive about something, rushes the call, and leaves.The next morning, the motel "cleaning crew", a primarily Spanish speaking woman and her nephew, arrive and proceed to go about their business, falling just short of ignoring Ray completely in the process. They're here to do their thing, not to be friends. The Kafkaesque sensation increases.Ray and Maggie settle into their first day and start to do the never-ending collection of chores that constitute the daily routine of running a cheap motel. Fixing plumbing, hanging pictures, getting the pool ready for guests. When they can, Ray and Maggie try to inject a little fun with each other while doing their work. Ray finds a door labeled, "PRIVATE KEEP OUT PUMP ROOM" which, oddly enough, is not merely locked. It's secured with a chain and padlock, to which Ray does not seem to have a key.Ray goes to the store and picks up a few supplies, one of which is a bolt cutter for that room. Breaking in, Ray finds it's not just a pump room. There's actually several spaces within, mostly filled with a lot of junkie stuff one needs to run a low rent motel.Ray returns to his maintenance and notices that Maggie has checked in their first guest, who Ray sees closing her room curtains while half naked. Later that evening, their second guest arrives, a rather peculiar truck driver, Tommy, who insists on room 10 amongst his other collection of odd behaviors. There's a lot of pregnant pauses in the conversation between Ray and Tommy.The next day, Ray goes to the downstairs part of the "pump room" to retrieve some caulking he saw there, and notices a large framed opening in the basement wall that's been covered over by some junk cloth and a few fiberboard panels. Removing the blockage, he finds a large crawlspace. Going into it, he follows a walkway to a ladder that leads to a hidy space, a secret room on the other side of a one-way mirror that permits spying on the occupants of room 10.As it turns out, room 10 is special in a lot of ways.Review:LOOKING GLASS is a well-made movie with at least a handful of reputable actors which, as seems to happen so often in the movies I review, makes me lament how difficult it must be to achieve storylines with a degree of quality commensurate with the rest of the technical aspects of a movie. Skillful moviemakers can accomplish good music, good cinematography, satisfactory acting and etc. almost at will like turning a crank. Coming up with a story that's worth making into a movie appears to be a much more difficult problem.In order to achieve its sense of "mystery", LOOKING GLASS relies upon tedious trickery in the apparent hope you won't notice the utter lack of a finished plot line.To confuse you into thinking that there is a "mystery unfolding", most of the dialogue is deliberately stilted. This reads to your mind as if something is going on whether or not it actually is. No one ever seems to really communicate with anyone else, and what conversations occur are deliberately stilted and uncomfortable. Most of the unusual feeling one gets about the movie stems from how oddly the conversations play out, just going across your tongue wrong like desalinated water. Every single character is an "odd duck", invariably acting peculiar and subtly hostile. Conversations are sprinkled with periods of silence as the characters stare at each other without speaking. We are instinctively tuned to be uncomfortable in the presence of conversations that are awkward or make no sense. Collectively, this is just verbal spackle to cover up for the fact that what you have here is a movie with no reason for being.Here's a couple of examples:Review the conversation that Ray has with Ben in the desert. No information is actually conveyed from Ben to Ray. There is even Ben using a Geiger counter on Ray that makes no sense whatsoever and has nothing to do with anything. Ben reveals no secrets or insights to Ray that illuminates anything. It's content-less gibberish.Review the fight scene between Howard and Ray. Howard makes a comment about finally understanding how "Ben knew" what Howard had done but there is no other indication in the movie that Howard had any reason to think that Ben knew anything. But if we don't just SAY that, then we won't have any reason for Howard's behavior.And at the end of the movie, with a dead Sheriff in one of their hotel rooms with bullet wounds that have to look more like an execution than anything else, Ray and Maggie just... drive away. Yep... That'll work. Certainly makes as much sense as anything else in LOOKING GLASS.As many others have commented upon it, so must I: while perhaps not the greatest actor in the world, it somehow feels surprising to find Nicholas Cage in such a picture. I've come across two potential explanations why Cage would be involved in such a movie. Cage himself says that always working is a life choice of his and that when not keeping busy he has a tendency toward self-destruction. Others have commented that he may have as much as a $14 million debt he has to work off with the IRS and movies such as this is just what that looks like.Whatever the case, I hope he gets that debt paid off soon. For our sake as well as his.
3 This film is basically a low budget remake of Phone Booth in a cheap plane for almost the entire movie. Shocking that Daniel stars in this film as it is pretty pathetic story that is a One Act predictable dull movie. The worst part is that they could have written a decent ending but instead it is just the typical shoot out like all B movies since writer or producers could not afford anything else. Really one dimensional. 3 stars only because Daniel is a good actor but only so much he can do.If you are really bored and want to watch 1 hour of him piloting a plane then go for it.. otherwise it is pretty stupid.
3 Escape one time, hit the guy hard and doesn't finish him. Escape twice and she has the time to lock him into the 10x10 room and she doesn't. Last thing this 160 lbs woman is stronger than a 200+ man... shame.
3 This movie caught my eye plainly because I am always curious to see what Daniel Radcliffe is up to and what rolls he is choosing to do. This movie, in my opinion is beneath him. Actually, I think this movie is beneath any actor wanting to expand their art of acting. Don't waste your time on this movie. The plot is lame and the acting is not believable whatsoever.I rated this movie a 3 simply because I finished it. Of course, I was doing another activity at the same time. If you choose to do that, just look up occasionally, you will still know what is going on simply by listening to it.
3 I'm an easy sell on an intriguing Sci-Fi premise and Mute has one. A man without speech in a futuristic murder mystery? So much potential. Unfortunately, that potential is wasted in this failed script, despite some really enjoyable acting.I have several rants about this film. First, there is no reason whatsoever for this story to take place in the future. There's nothing sci-fi about it except that it happens to take place in a time where futuristic cars and food vending machines exist. Other than that, it could take place in 1925, or 1975, or now. Why put it in the future if nothing about the story requires it. I'm no executive producer, but it seems like a waste of effects budget when present day locations would work just fine.There is no significance to the muteness of the protagonist in Mute. This one is almost criminal. What a great and compelling idea to have a hero who can't speak! Besides some nods to non-verbal communication, and the few times that challenges faced by someone without speech would face in a world moving towards voice-command tech were explored, olmost nothing was done with this aspect of the main character. I need to mention here that Alexander Skarsgård does a fantastic job of conveying emotion without words in several key scenes. But, this is a credit to acting, not the film itself. Which brings me to...Final rant is that some really, really great acting is wasted on this mediocre script. All three leads are strong, but Paul Rudd deserves special mention as a thief of scene after scene in his misogynistic, narcissistic, scary portrayal of an AWOL medic working to get a new identity for himself and his daughter. Alexander Skarsgård and Justin Theroux also keep the level of acting high. If only they'd had a script that met them at their level.Why, why, why? Why did Mute make it to final cut in this state? Full of plot holes, almost-great-scenes, wtf moments and some gore that was just Eewwwwww (less gurgling puh-LEEZE!). If you want to see Paul Rudd killin' it despite the script, check this one out. Otherwise, just...no.
3 If you prefer two words, I can think of any number of things to say. Since I am bored, I will give you a full review.If you had told me the premise of Grown Ups maybe a year ago, I would have been stoked... "Adam Sandler, Kevin James, Rob Schneider, David Spade and Chris Rock, hanging out in a lake house, cracking wise at each other for two hours? Sign me up! Whats the plot? Wait that IS the plot? You mean they just hang out and insult each other? OK OK, still somewhat excited, it will be R rated right? No? Hmm."That would have been my reaction a year ago. However, I first heard about this film recently, so I fortunately didn't have any time to build my expectations for it above "first day of school" levels of dread. Even so, I was disappointed. Grown Ups is a horrible thing that has been unleashed on the movie-going world.I guess maybe I'm not giving this film any credit. There is a plot; seems the five aforementioned stars used to play Middle School basketball together. The coach of their championship team dies, and THAT'S why they all get together at the lake house. Sorry if its hard to follow but if so then maybe you will like this movie.What follows is an odd collection of tender family moments interspersed with fart jokes, nut shots, and fat people (Kevin James) or short people (Rob Schneider) getting hurt. Oh and did I mention the barrage of one-liners? Basically, the entire script is one big wry joke after another. I guess the writers realized nothing they could come up with was particularly funny, so they should go for quantity over quality. There are also several running gags (the not-yet-weaned four year old, the dog barking a lot, Kevin James is fat, etc. etc. ad nauseum). This might have worked, if even 25% of the jokes were actually funny.sample of actual dialogue: (wayward basketball knocks beer out of woman's hand) Woman: Hey! You spilled my beer! Husband: Why does everything have to be about you? Woman: Why do you have to be such a DICK? hahahahaha! funny right? no? anyone?Problem is I laughed maybe three times, and I'm being generous here, throughout the whole movie. The phrase "one-joke-premise", used disparagingly for many films, would be an accolade for Grown Ups. Oh and lets talk about casting; I appreciate the filmmaker's decision to help make up for their lack of skill by putting as much eye candy on screen as possible (Rob Schneider's daughters especially). But am I really supposed to believe Kevin James is married to Maria Bello? I didn't believe it with Leah Remini in King of Queens, I'm not going to buy it now. And Sandler with Salma Hayek? That one was only plausible because they made his character filthy rich.I could probably rant about this film for a few more paragraphs, but I digress. You get the point by now I hope.
3 In 2018 you can ask yourself how script like that can find fundings and be produce. I mean seriously did they actualy red the dialogues once? Do people talk like that in their world ? Did they hire a technical advisor for the hurricane? This movie is such a mess. I was expecting a mix between twister and Hard rain. And it ended up being clother to The room.It was soooooo bad that I enjoyed it, but I will only recommand to watch it at home on a rainy sunday.
3 If you really enjoyed the original Bad Moms it should be no surprise that this one was not as good. With most comedy sequels we tend to watch them because we really liked the characters not because there's any type of story that needs to be continued. I mean if you look at The Hangover movies more than one wasn't really necessary but the characters were so likable they knew they could continue with them. Bad Moms is pretty much the same. I felt the characters were just as likable this time around though not as naturally funny. At times the comedy was forced and was basically a rehash of the first one with Christmas thrown in. However I did like adding their moms to the mix. Susan Sarandon as Kathryn Hahn's mom in particular was one of the more funny ones because they were so similar. It was also a pretty enjoyable Christmas movie and kind of got me in the Christmas spirit even though Halloween literally just ended. Obviously it's not an It's a Wonderful Life classic but a good Christmas comedy. Overall I like the theme of a film being called Bad Moms when they're all trying pretty hard to be good moms that just realize they can never be perfect. I like that most moms can relate to at least one of the characters. And yes if they made a third called Bad Grandmas which they pretty much made it look like they would, or at least could, I would see it.
3 This movie was a disappointment. I don't know if the Speed Racer cartoon was ever shown in the UK - if it was, I missed it. But the fact that I've never seen the TV series is, I think, a reason why I may not have all the data I need to assess this film comprehensively. Because I don't think I am within the demographic which this film is aimed at.Mind you, I'm not sure what that demographic is (other than middle-aged people who want to see the TV series translated into shiny new CGI - and that's an assumption on my part). One might think that the movie is a kids' film - it's full of bright shiny (bordering on fluorescent) colours, hyper-kinetic energy designed to appeal to the video game generation, and a simple-minded story. But then, and going with the story, there is much to put kids off - though simple-minded, I have my suspicions that kids aren't going to be too enthralled with the backstory of corporate corruption and, for a movie which runs over 2 hours (a long time for those restless little bums to stay on seats), there are several sections which are very very talky. I confess that I found it hard to stay awake through the main villain's attempted corruption of Speed.There was a fair bit to irritate unindoctrinated adults, too - the immensely shudder-making younger brother and pet chimp take the chequered flag in this particular race. And, while I understand that this movie takes place in its own universe - a universe in which the laws of physics as we know them don't quite apply - I found myself getting very distracted by the randomness and inconsistency with which they were applied. OK, so you can race round mountain bends at several hundred miles per hour, and come to an abrupt stop without being pulped. But how come that out of the many, many apocalyptic crashes, the only one which actually harms anyone is Rex Racer (OK, I know, I know, but in terms of the impact on other characters). My, how dangerous this racing is - well, not really, you just get cocooned in foam or parachuted to safety.I can't figure out the Wachowski brothers. Bound was a fabulous suspense thriller, wound tight as a watchspring. The Matrix was a groundbreaking sci-fi spectacular, with an interesting plot. V for Vendetta was a tolerable adaptation of a classic comic series.But Speed Racer is grown from the same seeds as the Matrix sequels. Yes, there's some fabulous eye candy in it. But I also need something for the brain to get its teeth into. Where the Matrix sequels went to an extreme of overblown pretentiousness, it's almost as if the Wachowskis have gone to the opposite end of the spectrum here just to make a point. And neither extreme works.Speed Racer was undeniably eye-catching, but I did not care about a single thing beneath the gaudy surface. Because there wasn't anything beneath that surface.
3 The sixteen year-old aspiring model Jesse (Elle Fanning) arrives in Los Angeles expecting to be a successful model. The aspirant photographer Dean (Karl Glusman) takes photos for her portfolio and dates her. Jesse befriends the lesbian makeup artist Ruby (Jena Malone) and then the envious models Gigi (Bella Heathcote) and Sarah (Abbey Lee) in a party. Meanwhile the agency considers Jesse beautiful with a "thing" that makes her different and she is sent to the professional photographer Jack (Desmond Harrington). Jesse attracts the attention of the industry and has a successful beginning of career. But Ruby, Gigi and Sarah are capable to do anything to get her "thing". "The Neon Demon" is another overrated and boring film by Nicolas Winding Refn. This filmmaker is specialist in making shallow films with beautiful cinematography. The long and annoying "The Neon Demon" is no exception. The storyline is "naive aspiring model goes to LA and is devoured by the system" is disclosed along 1h 58 minutes running time. Elle Fanning is not a beautiful teenager to justify the hype from the industry; therefore her character has "a thing" to explain her success for simple mortals like most of the viewers. The most impressive are the positive reviews and the conclusion might be the following: Nicolas Winding Refn is a darling of the cinema industry; or Nicolas Winding Refn has a strong team of people to write positive and overrated reviews of his films in IMDb. The fake horror genre misleads the viewers and fans of the genre. My vote is three.Title (Brazil): "Demônio de Neon" ("Neon Demon")
3 i watched this movie 10 years ago. and have watched it on video an average of once a year since. it's the type of movie that's timeless, because the themes are universal, yet the stories and conversation are so personal. it's also one of the very few movies that capture you from frame one til the credits roll, despite the fact that there are, really, just two (very involving) characters. this owes a lot to the engaging acting by hawke and delpy, who make us believe that they are actually jesse and celine. this is also the first movie i saw that mentioned reality TV, and now, the phenomenon is rampant! i love the way this movie just envelops the audience in its space, and makes you think, however jaded you may be, that you are one of those characters. it also made me want to ride the train around Europe! i have not met anyone who has not been able to relate to this movie. maybe that speaks about myself, my friends, or just the sheer genius of this movie.
3 Nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes. Well you can add Donald Trump tweets and inferior movie sequels to what Benjamin Franklin preached about back in 1879.A Bad Moms Christmas is in fact, a sequel. It is my latest review and yeah, it's pretty darn inferior. "Christmas", which I don't think was screened for critics, is a half-baked continuation of last year's Bad Moms. Heck, it doesn't even feel like it has much of a connection to the first film.A Bad Moms Christmas is like a cash grab for the holidays, a vehicle that is more akin to a raunchy version of Love the Coopers (or National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation) than to being a legitimate, Bad Moms part deuce.It annoyed me that "Christmas" is yet another holiday film that takes place in Chicago (even though it was shot in Atlanta). It also annoyed me that A Bad Moms Christmas is another holiday flick in which chaos ensues when overbearing parents arrive on the scene. I am aware that the similar-themed, Daddy's Home 2 is coming out next week. In truth, I think I'll now avoid that movie like the plague.Anyway, with "Christmas" the main characters (played by Kathryn Hahn, Mila Kunis, and Kristen Bell) are not that "bad" this time around. Yeah they get drunk at a mall, grind on Santa, and steal a Christmas tree from Lady Foot Locker. But hey, that's only about seven minutes of screen time. Their actions just aren't as rebellious, wayward, or unladylike as in the first outing.Most of the script in A Bad Moms Christmas feels lazy. The screenwriter's idea of generating laughs is to add potty-mouthed F-bombs and a sequence where male genitalia is being waxed (ha-ha what a knee slapper). The production of "Christmas" feels rushed and slapdash as well. The snow outside looks fake, the sets try hard to appear like a poster child for a JCPenney Xmas catalog, and directors Jon Lucas and Scott Moore (yes there are two of them) have a real hard-on for slow motion shots with some tired, R&B music in the background.All in all, A Bad Moms Christmas does offer a few heartfelt moments between the focal moms and their own, weirdo moms (played by Susan Sarandon, Christine Baranski, and Cheryl Hines). Unfortunately, "Christmas" also has a stupid cameo by Kenny G along with a shaming dance montage at the closing credits (Kenny G is in that too and he dry humps his saxophone, how cute).During the first half hour of "Christmas", Kathryn Hahn's Carla quips, "let's put the ass back in Christmas". Well A Bad Moms Christmas definitely achieves that notion. Rating: 1 and a half stars.
3 Two strangers meet under unusual circumstances. This movie is beautifully acted and filmed. I think the casting for this was perfect and makes the movie work really well. Some may complain about the pacing of the film, that is one of the things I enjoyed most about the film. It gives you a chance to settle into the movie and get to know the characters, without being bored. The characters are different and their differences are well played out and described, then you see a shift and this is what makes this a really really good movie and a remarkable love story.
3 This is a sweet movie. It's very very sweet. In fact, it's so sweet that you can almost see the syrup dripping from the screen. And don't get fooled by the colors. This movie has a more black/white feel to it, heaven or hell, good or bad, etc etc.And I'm confused. Is this a political movie? I don't know anything about Mr Gibson's political views, but if this is it - I'm not buying.Is it a religious movie? If so, what is the message? That it's OK to go to war in the name of God?.I'm confused. So...what am I missing. Well, some nuances for starters! We have this clean-cut handsome James-Dean guy and his gorgeous sweetheart girlfriend (this is where the movie is sooo white and happy), and then we have this gruesome war where everything is very very black. And the Japs are evil. End of story. Is it that simple? Hmm...don't think so.This is a hard movie to rate. I give it 1/10 colorful nuances but a whooping 10/10 syrup bottles! And watch out - you might slip on the syrup floor on your way out from the theatre.
3 This movie started off quite well, for a movie I had quite mediocre expectations it caught my interest when it introduces some interesting characters with mixed motives, unfortunately that and a few good cinematic shots is where the praise ends for this movie.This movie had potential which only makes it even more disappointing,we're first introduced to Tarzan as a British politician and is then forced to rediscover his wildness but lacks any real character and only comes across one dimensional with the traits of an angsty teen who's marriage we're supposed to care about but I'm not sure whyThis movie tries to incorporate way to many elements, the overall plot about the enslaving the Congo and getting rich from a mythical city full of jewels that we're not even allowed to see at any point combined with fueds with passed foes that don't really come to any settlement a tribe leader that had his son killed by Tarzan that wants revenge, gorilla brother that wants him dead, trying for a baby and flashbacks of a potentially better film we could have had, they rush through these very quickly without really developing or keeping your interest Some really awful scenes, Samuel Jackson who I'm not sure needed to be in this movie jumps off cliffs only to land unscathed on a branch, combined with a very predictably unsatisfying ending that couldn't of come fast enough and causally wrapped up with all the bad guys defeated, they may as well have froze in the air jumping to the backdrop of a sunset, with the joy of sweet release as the credits rolled to only leave me with a face like a bulldog eating a wasp and annoyed and frustrated that I have wasted time and money sitting through another failed sequel that is sure to fade into obscurity Overall this movie lacks any fun or adventure, poorly directed as this movie lacks any identify, wouldn't recommend this film to anyone other than my worst enemy, all round disappointment
3 Terrible. Acting was OK but bordered on comical. Not scary at all and second part was a bit loose.Could have been darker with more urgency but flapped around quite a bit. The ending was boring as hell and didn't seem to convey anything. Should've got to see Kingsman instead.
3 ...of films made based upon a Stephen King piece. King has written some real crap and this is among his worst. Even more significant is the decisions to put this one into a film. Even more interesting is to make it so claustrophobic (I think the cast had 3 people in it) that it suffocates itself. In that it is so moralistic and silly at the same time it is almost not watchable except to hope that it saves itself. It doesn't. And when are media producers/directors going to realize that Neal McDonough is a crap actor.
3 I found the entire movie held my interest. Maybe it is just because I'm a sucker for strange movies. I dont know if it was the plot so much that kept me watching, but I think it had a lot to do with the atmosphere. It made me think and wonder about a lot and that's the kind of movies I enjoy.
3 **Big SPOILER ALERT** Was looking forward to this film, but had to watch in agony from its beginning as a Pepsi commercial to its ending as a Coca Cola commercial. Shocking that this pallid film is being feted for something it is not. Emma Stone, someone who is hard to watch in long extreme closeups throughout the film and Ryan Gosling exhibit no charisma or charm. Their dancing tries to be cute and romantic but is clumsy. The music is dirge-like and not uplifting. The producers should have used more professional musical performers, ones who can inspire when they sing and/or dance. Gosling talks about jazz throughout the film, but we hardly hear any good jazz, especially not the jazz greats he talks about. So how are we to know what is the great jazz that inspired him? His friend says "Jazz is the future." But in reality it's the present, being created as it's played. All of a sudden, Stone, the aspiring actress who shows no acting talent whatsoever, decides to become a playwright without showing any ability or work, except for having an apartment covered with photos of classic movie stars. The banal dialogue, superficial characters and overly long scenes are embarrassments. Stone comes into her old coffee shop and asks for two iced coffees. Immediately a guy standing there puts down a tray with two iced coffees in front of her. Glaring continuity problem there. Throughout the film in almost every scene there is nary a person who is over thirty. The casting people never cared to hire people who reflected the real world, fantasy or not. If the music had been tuneful and clever, the film would be somewhat better. As it is it is dull. he characters exist in a vacuum with no backstory. Only interesting aspect to this film is some of the recognizable Hollywood locations, but locations do not a film make. If anyone still watches the self-aggrandizing Academy Awards, it will be cringe-worthy if this film wins any awards except for production manager or art director. It's a sad state of affairs that this film is considered in high esteem. That accolade belongs to "Singin' in the Rain," "The Band Wagon," "Gigi," "Oklahoma,""South Pacific," "Top Hat,""Wizard of Oz," and films by Astaire, Kelly, Powell, Miller, Charisse, Garland, Crosby, Sinatra, Grable, Keel, and all the great stars who truly were musical comedy class acts. Their talents made even B films a joy to watch.
3 I see that my previous comment on this film was deleted.This is the thing that started it all: Pixar. Somewhat photorealistic modeling. Deep, deep attention to story dynamics. An animated feature not so polished since "Snow White." Something worthy. Something that led to the reinvention of Disney.Its an iconic turning point, like "Citizen Kane," "2001," "Bonnie and Clyde," Greenaway's "Tempest." (and others) Many things after change. So it should be seen on its historical basis alone. Here already you can see that Pixar decides to combine goals. They want the movie to be just as good as the best non- animated movie. There is the well-documented attention to refining and refining the story dynamics so that the narrative spine simply works. That took years. What I mean by combined goals is that they also realized that they were presenting something relatively new in their three D modeling capability. So they wanted to have that new cinematic vocabulary enhance the narrative dynamics and vice versa. It is subtle here, not fully developed until "Nemo." But its plain to see when pointed out: the camera simply moves in ways that a real one does not. There are a broader set of intimate and distanced observer perspectives. These are not overused, lest you notice them, but you can see that out tolerance and viewing skill has slowly evolved from this to the later Pixar projects. (At this writing, that is "Wall-E.") The business about family and desired roles are not "the point" as some would say, but strategies to explore this deeper narrative power.Ted's Evaluation -- 3 of 3: Worth watching.
3 If I just could take back the time that I wasted on that movie, I would! The movie was a mess. Despite the beautiful shots that have been done in the movie it is a complete waste of time watching it - the movie has no logic, it has no arrival point nor has it any point at all. The movie is like a bag of random weird ideas (with the intention to be creative) that have been mixed with each other and, there it is. Not recommend! It seems like the idea should have been to create something that is unique and has never been done before but I would say it was a huge fail because it did not come out like that. Starting with a weird episode of a king killing a sea monster who's heart must be cooked and eaten by the queen in order to be able to give birth to a child.. it's not creative, it's just ridiculous and does not match with any fantasy movie.. it's just weird and that's all!
3 When Shake It Up ended its prescribed three year run on the Disney Channel one of its stars Zendaya immediately went into a new series. Not that Shake It Up was exactly Shakespeare, but Zendaya is a good dancer and all around musical performer so if you didn't like an episode or even thought the show itself was bad there was always some nice musical numbers.On this new one where Zendaya plays your typical Disney teen who discovers her parents are actually spies, they decide to bring her into the program. Nothing new here that hasn't been in such things as Cody Banks or Spy Kids in their many incarnations.Instead of dance we get karate, Zendaya's been training since she was a little kid and now we see those skills. Maybe Chuck Norris will do a guest appearance at some point.The Magic Kingdom is really getting silly these days, but I'm sure the young ones will like it, KC Undercover won't tax the gray cells too much.
3 This could have been amazing. Instead we get a mashup of movies we've seen before (Alien Nation, Training Day, etc.) that results in a disordered, shallow mess. The world is never fully explained, the characters are not fleshed out, the dialogue is cliched. Will Smith looks like he's phoning it in, and I don't blame him. There were some nice action sequences and the special effects, particularly involving the wand, were effective. That was the movie's only saving grace.I hear they've already greenlit a sequel. If so, please, Netflix, for the love of God, find a better screenwriter.
3 Greetings from Lithuania.I always liked "Waterworld" (1995), despite of its cult classic status of one of the most unsuccessful movies ever. You have to give a credit to those who envisioned and created this movie simply for the concept - how many movies have ever been made completely in the sea (which you can literally feel in every scene) and with this budget, which was the biggest at the time? How many movies have sets THIS good? Sure, "Waterworld" has some flaws (who doesn't?), and the biggest of them for me was always the main villain. As good as Dennis Hopper is, he was misused in this movie, and he doesn't even hint at being sinister - he is just way, WAY over the top in every scene, and most of his lines felt flat. And that's the only weak point in this amazingly looking action flick.Overall, "Waterworld" is a superb action, adventure sci-fi flick set in absolutely unique place (even to this day). It has amazing production values, great action scenes, super cool Kevin Costner and a great MacGuffin (a way of setting a story). Still, a great flick.
3 Basically a good plot, good acting, a good bit of suspense, action and good effects, so how can this go wrong?Well parts of it is so ridiculous and stupid that it is hard to believe no one stopped it at the script level.. And parts are just 'over the top', sort of "OK we have paid for effects, so now give us a truck load full" - I was VERY close to leaving the theatre a couple of times....And this is really sad, as it could have been a good action thriller, as the ideas were good.I believe that cutting away the bad stuff that sums up to less than half an hour and replace a few minutes, and it could have been great in the genre!
3 This is a pathetic excuse for a star comedy. Not even trying to be convincing on any level it plods through some 'twists' and the stars pick up their paychecks. There is no reason to care about anyone or anything in this badly written, badly shot bore. Why did it take more than one major studio to bring this waste of money to the screen? Another annoying film where a main character (Kevin Hart's) arrested then acts and starts babbling in ways that no living person ever would while the arresting CIA agents hang around in the scene inertly (and no, his act is not in the slightest way funny.) Likewise its hard to get any handle on Dwayne Johnson's character - he's made good from being the bullied fat kid at the opening but a confusing trajectory which led him to be a CIA agent, but is he good or rogue? Who cares? His giving a comeuppance to a nasty character is just thrown away too.
3 The myth of Perseus is based on deep philosophy and tragic elements, which have been popular throughout the centuries. You may want to Google it and read the original. You might discover a few things that didn't know, for example that there is no Cracken, no scorpions, and that Medusa's head ended up decorating goddess Athena's shield, just as real shields had often Medusa painted, to scare the opponents.The Cracken and the scorpions were "invented" by Ray Harryhausen in 1981, because this was his job: to display fantastic creatures on the screen. In doing so, he based the stories on existing myths, respecting the characters and plots as best as he could. Great work.Now, why in 2010 they had to copy the copier, and not the original, it is a mystery for me. Scorpions AGAIN ? Cracken AGAIN ? I mean if you're going to deviate from the myth, why not deviate in an ORIGINAL manner ?Mythology is the legacy of the centuries gone by. Film makers should respect it and learn from it. It's funny how they think they can do better :)
3 This movie is garbage. I will not dignify it with a review, as it has no redeeming qualities. Wait, it has one - Neeson trashes Goldman Sachs, which I appreciated...
3 Many consider a movie outstanding just because it shows tragic poverty and violence. Subconsciously, people feel "politically correct" for liking it. Praise becomes a form of self- elevation, whilst the mere, unnecessary styling offends the topic's intrinsic seriousness. The ideological showcase overcomes an honest presentation. Mixing tragic elements to create a shocking, poignant movie is easy. But somehow the whole thing becomes a farce too pretentious to be positively assessed. An unpunished, 10 year old killer runs around, kills everyone and then bursts into evil laughs. The horrifying situation exists in reality. But a film approach ought to be different. This film has been sold as a kind of triumph of the human spirit, yet it's no more than a typical mobster movie sited at Jacarepaguá. Scene after scene, someone is killed and the deaths have the same depth or significance of a video game. The protagonist does nothing to improve himself. He is a social victim, period. He features the moral character of a robot. And banditry, to the Brazilians' 'delight,' recruits untouchable children as hoods. A Guy Ritchie-like gang plot has its moments of shock: non stop bloodbaths & revolting human filth. For those fond of Grand Guignol, this is a perfect movie. Horrible and cheap in all aspects, including pain and suffering. Simply pathetic, filmed as an elegant commercial edited with rather annoying camera movements. City of God was just another product from the Third World that dazzled the radical chic community of the First World.
3 I was never a huge fan of "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers", but I went in, open to trying this film. I was sorely, sorely disappointed. I left this movie thinking, "This was a *bad* movie!" Now, there are movies out there, that are absolute garbage, the acting is bad, almost everything is bad. I admit, this is not the worst movie I've ever seen, however, there's a lot wrong with it! The Bad: There's crude humor, lame and dated jokes we've heard in hundreds of other movies, some bad language and dozens of tired movie clichés. We've seen it all before is what I'm saying. There's is very little to be enjoyed in this movie. It's an origin story, that kind of lags a bit, and then the action is cranked up near the end, but it's not really that exciting. We've all seen the "misfits who learn to work together" story line, and that's all this is. I'm surprised that the creator of the original "Power Rangers" OK'd this version. It's pretty terrible for the most part.The Good: Bill Hader's character was amusing, Bryan Cranston brings some levity to this, and Elizabeth Banks does a great job of making you hate her character, which proves her acting is good. The main cast is a bit annoying, but they're OK at playing their stereotypes. Also, the score by Bryan Tyler was very good.So: This is a not a movie I would recommend. It may appeal to some teenagers, and it's not the worst thing they could be watching. Overall, it's just a bad film. Case closed.
3 Shemar Moore and a strong supporting cast can do nothing to salvage this improbable action and no substance show. It certainly contains Hollywood's hyped vision of how they view Law Enforcement, but falls far short on delivery. The frequent and far-fetched action scenes incorporate little if any reality. If you are looking for any authenticity in law enforcement special weapons and tactics, You can skip this series. Not even remotely similar to popular TV series like Criminal Minds, Law and Order or The Black List.
3 Seriously - this is an absolute shocker.No redeeming features, not even a half decent joke in 100min comedy.I tried, I really really did, probably far harder than the writers.
3 Old Boy sucks! No, wait, let me rephrase that: Old Boy is a stylistically challenging, highly innovative, but ultimately hollow and repugnant exercise in genre film-making. And just to let you know where I'm coming from  'Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance' was brilliant; an unforgiving and touching descent into doom. In that movie everything that happened somehow had to. One action triggered the next one and we experienced a vicious circle of violence and revenge. The characters seemed trapped in their situation.In Old Boy our protagonist is also trapped, but you know the story, so I won't tell you again. So he's in this room and there is great sound design and camera work. But once he frees himself, the complications and problems multiply. The plot is at first close to incomprehensible as he stumbles from one situation to another. When the villain explains his schemes at the end and brings enlightenment, I just couldn't care anymore. The intriguing premise is destroyed by the revelation that it's all a contrived revenge plot by the bad guy.And contrived it is. The story only works by inserting endless flashbacks (full of bad pathos) and explanations. To keep the audience interested, we get gruesome scenes of murder, self-mutilation and general mayhem. As others have remarked, these scenes are well done, but serve no greater purpose. It's all a so-what comic extravaganza.Out of 'Old Boy' I got small pleasures and a lot of disappointment, courtesy of one of the most interesting directors working today. I liked (among other things) the infamous hallway scene, the actors, the fight with the bodyguard, the revelation of the Secret and the sequence of Oh Dae-su leaving his bad self behind at the end. Small pleasures, indeed.
3 Films about racism are often unpopular to criticise because of the good message they put out, but more often than not, aside from the warm fuzziness of knowing you're better than those nasty racists, there's little more to them than that message. "Racism is bad", Gran Torino says. "I know". "Racism is bad". "I know". "Racism is bad". "I know". "All criminals are non-white". "What?" "Racism is bad".American History X suffered from similar issues, although there was enough about the plot to make it watchable, whereas This is England actually humanised the racists, getting the same message across but in a way that isn't just back-slapping over how we, the creators and audience, know racism is bad. While Walt is just a nasty old man stuck in his ways and American History X's Derek Vinyard was just getting back at non-whites for killing his father, This is England's Combo was a borderline mentally ill man looking to shift blame for his own emasculation onto an easy target in Thatcher's bleak Britain as Shaun desperately seeked a father figure, with Shaun not getting a happy ending, forced into learning he can't just take the easy way out. If anything both Walt and Derek appear somewhat justified in their racist actions, as those criminals that are causing the problems are all non-white, while This is England manages to both portray racism as bad and remain empathetic rather than simply demonising them, which would only entrench the views further.Gran Torino is much closer to Harry Brown than it is to This is England - a conservative wet dream about an old man who gets justice on the horrible, ungrateful younger generation. The film is meant to be about how Walt changes his racist views, but the character is a bitter, stubborn old man who remains dislikeable throughout the film, refusing to admit his faults. At the end of the film, the eulogising by those around him hold him up to be a shining light of humanity for making the ultimate sacrifice to save his Asian neighbours, but, within the context of his character, his martyrdom is self-congratulatory - a final stubbornness that puts a conservative view of honour above Walt's own survival, showing he would rather die than truly change the way he lives.On top of the mixed messages the film gives out, the film is objectively bad. Not a great deal happens, the characters are one-dimensional (bitter old man, pathetic teenage boy, know-it-all teenage girl, villainous gangsters) and the acting, Eastwood aside, is cringeworthy.
3 I am really really disappointed to be honest. I was waiting for this movie for so long, I loved Suicide Squad in Assault on Arkham and I was so happy when the news arrived about the live action movie. And as a massive Jared Leto fan I was extremely happy they chose him for the role of my all time favorite character, Joker. So I was hyped to see him, but the whole gang too. And what I got from the movie was equal with pure sadness. I mean, Jared was in it for a total 10 minutes and his role could have been easily left out, I only knew the characters because I read the comics and watched the wonderful animation (which by the way a 100 times better), the story telling was HORRIBLE, the actors could have been wonderful but they kinda lost in the terrible script. Will Smith, Margot Robbie and Viola Davis were fantastic but we didn't really get to know them... and the other characters were only there for... who know why? WHY DC, WHY? This story had so much promise and you ruined it... You should have adopted the Assault on Arkham into a live action movie... All these characters would needed a stand alone movie, and once we've got to know them then put them together... sure it would take years to build up a universe like that, but come on, that's what Marvel did and their movies are amazing! I am so, so sad right now... All of the actors deserve way better than this and they all have great potential
3 Am I the only one who thinks this movie is overrated? I was so excited when I saw the 9.2/10 rating late Friday night and couldn't wait to see it the next morning. I told my daughter we were going to see a very good movie on the way to the theater. My expectation was so high and I had been waiting for those good things coming to me throughout the whole movie, then found out there was nothing, no excitement nor surprise in this movie at all! Right now, I cannot recall a single thing which I think is special in this movie. A very so-so movie with a very typical Hollywood ending. There should be better story tellers out there. There should be a better movie deserves such high rating. Even my 7-year old daughter thought this movie was just OK. Very disappointed!
3 I wanted to like this movie. I really did, but its just bad.Basically we have a hot blond chick that gets stranded on a rock with a shark trying to get her.Now here's the biggest flaw in the movie. There is a 2 ton whale that is barely eaten in the same location as this girl. So why is the shark interested in a 90lb woman over a 2 ton whale? Oh not only is this shark after this woman, this shark attempts to climb rocks, go through jellyfish, tries to climb its way through a buoy drone and basically stalk this girl for like two days when it has a nice huge whale right there? That made no sense at all.The next issue is the woman is apparently a superhero since she can suffer massive blood lost, jellyfish stings, dehydration, concussions and yet still swim like an Olympic swimmer by out swimming a great white shark.C'mon.
3 Sometimes I have a hard time rating movies, and more specifically comedies. Because comedies generally try to do nothing other than make you laugh, it's easier to let plot and character development (etc) slide, as you might not with other genres of movies. This is the typical R rated comedy of this day and age - over the top, raunchy comedy that focuses mostly on human anatomy jokes. If you hate those movies, avoid it at all costs. If you like them, then you'll probably like this. At the screening I saw this at just about everyone after the film was talking about how they liked it, and there was certainly a lot of laughter in the theater throughout the movie. This movie had a few moments of truly laugh out loud hilarity, outside of those few moments the rest of the comedy was there, but it was pretty generic.Look, you know what type of movie this is (raunchy comedy). If you go to the theater and drop your $ and don't like it, that's on you.
3 I have just watched this movie and it was a terrible disappointment. I loved other Del Toro's movies, but this ones feels totally empty. The film is a visual feast. Gorgeous locations, wonderfully lit serve as the background for the tale. Fantastic shots and good acting would make you think that this is a good movie. But it is not. The plot is so cheap, that you can tell what is going to happen since the first frame. The evil characters are so cartoonish that you can see their next movements from miles away. The "good" character is so bland and pathetic that you never have a real connection with her. In fact, as you can see where the film goes from the beginning, this movie is a total bore. Do not waste your time and watch "The Devil's Backbone" instead.
3 As a young boy Callum Lynch witnessed his father murder his mother. Now, 30 years later, he is being executed for murder. However, the execution is faked and, instead of dying, he is transported to a special facility. It turns out that he is descended from a 15th century master-assassin, Aguilar, a member of the Assassin's Brotherhood. The plan is to train him in the ways of his forefather. This will enable him to fight the arch-enemy of his forefather, the Templars.Great cast, very weak script. Plot is very basic and much of the movie consists of predictable, well-choreographed fight scenes. The writers try to throw in some intrigue and purpose by introducing the Apple of Eden but it is a fairly weak plot device.Great cast - Michael Fassbender, Marion Cotillard, Jeremy Irons, Brendan Gleeson, Charlotte Rampling - but these talents are all wasted due to the action-driven, no-substance script. Michael Fassbender can only blame himself for appearing in such a piece of crap - he co-produced the movie.
3 Let me start off this review by saying I like Seth Rogen. I like low-brow, shock humor. I love biting satire. By all metrics, I should've been the target audience for this film. But I couldn't remember the last time a movie actually made me as angry as I felt watching Sausage Party.Look, I *get* what this movie was trying to do. Really, I do. Its admirable ambition is the ONLY reason I give it a 3/10 and not a 1. But it fails in every place it was trying to succeed. Let me explain.1. It fails as a send-up of saccharine Pixar animated films. Parody really is an art form of its own. To do it well, the medium needs to look and feel - at first blush - like something sincere, which allows the artist to invert expectations of the audience (thus, humor). Just look at the best satire: The Onion takes on the tone of a daily newspaper; Young Frankenstein feels like a classic horror film; Weird Al Yankovic sounds like the musicians he parodies. Parody requires a nuanced and keen understanding of whatever source material it's sending-up.Sausage Party seems to think it's a Pixar parody because it a) uses inanimate objects as characters, and b) is animated. But that's not what makes Pixar movies Pixar movies. They have emotion, they have clever characters, and they make unexpected and subtle observations on humanity.The closest Sausage Party came to giving us Pixar-inspired characters were the queer taco and the Stephen Hawking-esque piece of chewed up gum, and neither is on screen long enough to carry the film. The rest of the "parody" is dependent on the fact that animation as a medium is most commonly used for children's entertainment, and Sausage Party clearly isn't for children. If that's parody, then it's parody in its laziest, most artificial form.2. It fails as shock humor. I get that this is subjective and everyone has their own meter for "what is shocking," but I'm going to go out on a limb and say no one over the age of 11 thinks cartoon characters being vulgar is shocking. South Park busted down that barrier two decades ago. Adult Swim has been around for almost as long. In a world of Borat, 4chan, and There's Something About Mary, if you want to go for pure shock laughs, you need a lot more than f-bombs and sex puns.That being said, for shock humor to actually be, well, shocking, it needs to come as a surprise. If the entire film beats you over the head with profanity, drug references, and wiener jokes, then it by definition can't be shocking. It simply becomes tedium.3. It fails as commentary on organized religion. This was probably the most disappointing failure because the idea that humans are gods over food and food has to tell themselves the gods are bringing them to a "great beyond" to give their lives meaning is indeed a clever concept. There was an opportunity for Rogen n Co to make an anti- Veggie Tales that could've been something sharp and brilliant. But it just so poorly done.Matt Stone and Trey Parker did the anti-belief message beautifully in The Book of Mormon. In it, the characters grow to question their faith, and their new-found skepticism pays off with a unique and clever spin at the end (with lots of smart laughs along the way).In Sausage Party, on the other hand, instead of using religious skepticism as a vehicle for character development, it was more the bow that tied a bunch of juvenile jokes to some pseudo-intelligent theme. There was no organic transformation. It was a forced conclusion to justify ending on an orgy (because ultimately nothing really matters and all we have is joy and pleasure in this life yadda yadda ya get it?! GET IT?!?)The fact Sausage Party had such potential makes the results all the more annoying. In more skilled hands it really could've been a fun, acerbic send-up of Pixar AND religion. Instead, what we have is an over-long, single-joke animated SNL skit with all the charm and brilliance of a jackhammer. Painful.
3 This film is another of director Tim Burton's attempts to capitalize on a familiar title to bring his `vision' to the screen.  He has done it with `Batman', `Sleepy Hollow' and now this.  This is not a remake.  The only thing it has in common with the original is that it has simians that can speak (and Charleton Heston makes a cameo).  Burton has reconstituted the entire story, watering it down for today's mass viewership.The original Planet of the Apes was a product of its time.  During the 1960's America was struggling to redefine its civilization.  It was a turbulent time of soul searching and rethinking social norms.  It was the civil rights era where groups long considered inferior demanded to be treated as equal.  In that context, POTA was allegorical, reflecting the philosophical turmoil confronting the audiences of the day.  POTA was an extremely intelligent film that broached difficult questions and elegantly held the oppressions of American society up to scrutiny by making the white guy justify his intelligence to a species he considered inferior.  The dialectic between Colonel Taylor (Charleton Heston), Dr. Cornelius (Roddy McDowall) and Dr. Zira (Kim Hunter) was thought provoking and intelligent with ironies both subtle and obvious.Burton's version is as much a product of today's times as POTA was of the sixties.  This is Apes for Dummies.  It is superficial and jejune, substituting politically correct platitudes for intelligent dialogue and focusing more on form than substance.  The `surprise' ending is utterly incongruous and contributes nothing to the film except a cliffhanger that sets up the sequel.  While the ending of the original POTA gracefully tied everything together in a single powerful scene, Burton's ending simply mocks the audience, taunting, `I know something you don't know, and you are going to have to wait for the sequel to find out.'From a technical perspective, as is always the case with Burton's film, the film is excellent.  The makeup is fantastic and Burton's camerawork is outstanding (though I continue to dislike his dark look).  However, thirty-three years of advancements in prosthetic makeup can not compensate for the insultingly vacuous script.The story has been reduced to a monster movie.  The humans band together behind Captain Davidson (Mark Wahlberg) to fight the monstrous Apes, aided and abetted by a few turncoats (notably Helena Bonham Carter as Ari).  The presentation is formulaic and simplistic with plenty of violence, perfect for today's fast food mentality.The acting is mixed.  Mark Wahlberg is a fine actor who is simply miscast in this role.  Walberg is excellent at playing dark, sullen characters that are tormented but strong.  This part requires an inspirational hero, a profile not in Wahlberg's repertoire.  Helena Bonham Carter is a brilliant actor whose character is so far beneath her ability that the disconnect is laughable.  She tries desperately to do something with the flimsy character, but her interpretation presents like a cross between a college peace demonstrator and love sick teenager.Then there is Tim Roth.  His is a virtuoso performance, single-handedly saving the film from total ruin.  Roth is diabolically hateful as the malevolent General Thade.  He creates one of the most villainous and despicable bad guys I can remember in some time.  Additionally, his physical acting is superlative, rendering a chimp-man that is such a perfect meld that one can almost believe that the species exists.This film is a great disappointment.  It is decent entertainment, as long as you check your brain at the door.  I rated it a 3/10.  From a technical perspective it is much better than that, perhaps a 9/10.  However the story is an insult to the original franchise.  It is simply another attempt by Burton at self adulation, using a familiar title to attract throngs to the box office so lots of people can see what a genius he is.  Of course it's true, but it would be great if he used that talent to produce substantial films, instead of simple minded pap formulated for mass consumption.
3 Academy Award Winner Best Picture, Academy Award Winner Best Director-George Roy Hill, Academy Award Winner Best Screenplay-David S. Ward, Academy Award Winner Best Editing-William Reynolds, Academy Award Winner Best Song Score-Marvin Hamlisch, Academy Award Winner Best Art Direction/Set Decoration-Bumstead & Payne, Academy Award Winner Best Costume Design-Edith Head, Nominated for Best Actor (Redford), Best Cinematography, Best Sound.Few films can draw me in and indulge me on repeat viewings like The Sting does, it was barely 36 hours ago when I sat there talking to the screen offering advice like I was in the flipping film. I have seen it written that the film's success was only garnered because of the star appeal of the leads! Well for starters that is an insult to Robert Shaw who may be accused of overdoing it at times, but his portrayal of Lonnegan is a complete joy, witness the fury on his face during an on train poker game as the irrepressible Newman does comedy gold. Visually the film is a delight, and the story fuses together to culminate in an ending that not only stings with impact; but also floats like a cinematic butterfly. 10
3 The Adam Sandler days are over. I thought Grown Ups would of been the end of it but he had to make this piece of crap too. Sandler continues to come across as a fat, arrogant, rich Jew who doesn't give a crap about anything which probably isn't too far from who he is in real life. I hate to be so hard on him because Billy Madison and Happy Gilmore were gold. But this movie is just a major waist of time. Even the gratuitous shots of Any Roddick's wife weren't enough to carry even the slightest interest in the plot. Throw in the one dimensional Aniston and Dave Mathew's first acting appearance ever, and you've got a sleeper. If you want to still think highly of Sandler, don't watch this and put Billy Madison back in the VCR instead.
3 I'm all for stupid/cheesy/lame action movies, but this one seems to have intentionally not put any effort into this at all.The whole story of the dead daughter is just annoying and doesn't add to the action. I find it actually takes away as it's useless. Also, the whole divorce between the 2 parents. Again, it doesn't add to the story simply distracts from the action. As does the moms boyfriend. We could have done without him. I mean honestly, if he hadn't been in the movie, if the dead daughter storyline was left out, there'd be no difference. The characters would still be the same as would the events. All these "distractions" I found to be annoying to the point where I couldn't enjoy the movie. Also, a lot of eye rolling dialogue. For example, after Blake is rescued from the car at the beginning, she and the 2 brothers are running in the streets, buildings falling apart all around them, they've seen people get crushed by debris... Ben (the older brother) asks Blake "why do you wear 2 of the same necklaces?" really? I mean, really? groan.If you don't mind something incredibly predictable with no surprises at all (I'm just an hour into the movie so maybe they'll end up all dying!)then go ahead. I mean, it's still Dwayne Johnson! However, there are better "end of the world" type of movies out there such as The Day After Tomorrow.
3 This is again a cheap movie they serve us.Where did they get it? Desert Queen ?! This lady is simply a daughter of some rich parents, and after they had suffered heavy blows in love, she began an adventure in the Arabian desert!The acting was also very substandard!And then there was some fragments in which Col. T. E Lawrence of Arabia came out! Very poorly acted by Robert Pattinson! And then he insulted the Arabs in one way or another!False, and based on falsehood!The only thing that was good about this film is the decor and the Arabian desert. And of course the Arab actors who came in!Especially the ladies!Poor movie!But maybe recommended for women who are romantically. And don't care about the authenticity nor the performance of the actors!
3 I thought it would be nice sci-fci, but somehow this hollywood actors started to make cheap movies, i gave 3 just for Cage.
3 During the movie "Memento," the audience is left guessing throughout the whole movie until the very end. It has a unique style of presenting the plot in which the movie begins with a scene and then it plays backwards from there. While the movie jumps backwards scene by scene, there is also a transition played in black and white that is continuously playing forwards until a certain point. It is not until the very end of the movie where the scenes played in color meet with the ones played in black and white. This is where the climax of the movie occurs and all the revelations of each characters role are revealed. It is a must see and you will not regret it.In the end of the movie we find out that the main character Lenny, who suffers from short term memory loss, has been tricked by his so called friend Teddy, into killing a drug dealer. Throughout the whole movie Lenny is on a quest to kill the murderer of his wife, who is in fact Lenny himself. Lenny gets the identity of himself and a man named Sammy Jenkis confused and we find out that Lenny is in fact Sammy. It leads us to believe that Lenny has used his brain condition to illicit forgetting what really happened to his wife to clear himself of shame and anger. This caused him to create Sammy Jenkis and allows him to believe that the ones who assaulted his wife and gave him the brain condition were the ones who supposedly killed his wife. We find out that Teddy, who is a local cop, has already helped Lenny kill the man who assaulted his wife. Yet Lenny forgot all about it and Teddy kept the proof and then used Lenny for his own benefit to kill a drug dealer for money. Once Lenny figures this out in the end of the movie he decides to burn all the evidence and leaves himself a clue that indicates Teddy is in fact the one who killed his wife. Lenny then leaves the scene reminding himself that he is still alive and then as fast as it was all revealed it is then forgotten. This leads us back into the rest of the movie in which we had already seen in reverse order.When the movie is over the audience is left shocked and slightly confused about how to view Lenny. He acts as if he is an innocent man who has now become a conscious free murderer. He forgets everything he doesn't write down but he is the one choosing to leave out the facts that he finds out on multiple occasions that he is in fact a murderer for pleasure. It started as pay back but for someone who forgets the feeling so easily and has no direction to his life, why not make it a hobby. It's odd to think about that he is spending all his effort searching for his wife's killer when in reality it is Lenny he is looking for. He takes the lives of others to free him of guilt which in the end makes him more of a villain than the movies hero.
3 There are currently nine user reviews here, all of which give the pilot show a rating of between 1 and 4 stars. I utterly disagree with every one of them. They are all just trying to appear cool and fashionable by playing into the negative buzz and negative expectations that have surrounded the show before its premiere.It's not a masterful show; there are elements that appear clearly low-budget, but it's nowhere near bad enough to warrant a ridiculously low rating. It's a solid 7, and worth following. It respects the original Inhumans comics very much indeed, and it's great to see such faithful interpretations of those characters (but of course only an actual fan and reader of the comics will properly appreciate this). It's also beautifully shot on Hawaii, with lots of nods to the indigenous populace.The story is a bit over-simple in its structure (although it does feature some admirable world-building), and the double-episode (which seemed more like 75 minutes than 90) doesn't have any closure of its own by the end. But I really enjoyed the (sort of) mute Black Bolt; the actor does a great job of playing him. Medusa's prehensile hair does seem like it was very hard to get right on this budget, which is probably why they cut it off rather too quickly. I guess prehensile hair is still a very difficult thing to make good-looking, even in this day and age. At least they tried. And it will of course be growing back.Looking back on this show I actually find that the image I remember most vividly is the close-cropped Medusa; a striking short-haired female in a striking purple outfit in lush, green surroundings. That made an impression. Which is good.In short, I enjoyed this show and as a superhero fan I consider it unmissable and must-see! Even if it obviously doesn't have the productions values that "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." has. But, if it is successful, it will get more funding in time.
3 "Midnight Sun" (PG-13, 1:31) is a romantic drama about a teenage girl who suffers from xeroderma pigmentosum, or XP, a rare genetic disorder which renders those afflicted prone to serious medical complications when exposed to sunlight. The film is directed by Scott Speer (helmer of the 2012 and 2014 "Step Up" movies) & written by Kenji Brando, based on the 2006 Japanese film of the same name. Often playing mean girls, actress and singer Bella Thorne this time gets to play a more sympathetic character, Katie Price, a 17-year-old with such a severe case of XP that even minimal exposure to the sun could be deadly. Consequently, she spends all of the daylight hours behind specially-tinted windows in her house with her single dad (Rob Riggle, shedding his usual comedic persona for another dramatic role). Besides her dad, Katie's only friend is a fellow teenager named Morgan (Quinn Shepherd) who one day knocked on the door to play with the mysterious girl who never came outside... and never stopped coming around. Katie stays upbeat and makes the most of her life, such as it is, but she does wish she had at least one more friend, a boy named Charlie (Patrick Schwarzenegger, establishing himself as more than just Arnold's son), whom Katie longingly watched pass by her house for the past 10 years.Having been homeschooled by her dad, Katie is treated to a private graduation ceremony (at home, of course) on the same day that her peers graduate and he lets her indulge in one of her favorite hobbies, playing her guitar and singing on the platform of her local Seattle-area train station. There she finds herself face-to-face with Charlie for the first time and she kind of freaks out. Charlie is charmed by her awkwardness (and attracted to her natural beauty), so he pursues her until she agrees to go on a date with him. Although she insists on only meeting him at night - and one date turns into several - she struggles with when and how to tell him about her condition... knowing he'll find out sooner or later."Midnight Sun" is similar to 2017's "Everything Everything", but the latter was a little better. It's a miracle Katie wasn't morbidly obese by the second act, considering all the scenery chewing Thorne did early in this film. However, once Katie and Charlie become a couple, most of the rest of the story is fairly touching, although the plot points often feel contrived. Unfortunately, Thorne seems made up and dressed to look like fellow 20-something actress Zoey Deutch, who is more talented and more beautiful than Thorne. The latter plays vulnerable and sympathetic very well, but stumbles when she's trying to act awkward or comedic. Her great singing voice (an important part of her character) and her performance as a girl being romanced by her dream boyfriend mostly redeems her... if the initial overacting hasn't made you stop watching... and if you can get past the emotionally manipulative plot. "C"
3 'Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates' had some promise when the trailers first came out. I honestly believed this film would capture the tone of the first 'Hangover' movie, but something went wrong early on.1. I know this film was based on true events, and I guarantee the true events would have been far more entertaining than the ones depicted in this film. For he most part, the movie has a strong opening where we see how these two brothers party, but we also witness the aftermath of their wild antics. Things move well enough till we get to the point where they actually end up on Hawaii. At this point, things take a tumble off a cliff.2. Mike and Dave and played by Adam Devine and Zac Efron respectively. These two make an okay pair as brothers, but Adam Devine (especially) pushes the limit. Aubrey Plaza and Anna Kendrick are probably the worst additions to the cast, cause they are terribly unfunny. You would assume both Devine and Plaza would bring a certain level of comedy and timing, but they unfortunately don't and the jokes are misplaced.3. I'm not saying the movie is completely unfunny, but the most you get are a few chuckles here and there. Efron and Kendrick are better actors to star in a film like this, frankly this is below their standards. This should have been a direct to TV or DVD movie which featured some unknown/up-and-coming actors instead of bigger names filling the void. The side characters are annoying as f#%k, which in turn lowers the bar on the comedy.The movie fails to redeem itself and it's only passable as maybe a rental. No one should waste their time and especially money on going to the cinema to watch this.
3 I went to see the movie as an accompanying adult with my little sister and her friends, who are all 13. The plot seemed promising at first. A kid born on Mars, that's a cool take on Martians, right?. That was not the case. About 30 minutes into the film, I started twitching in my seat, about how little sense it all made. Got worse the more it went on. In my opinion, it was a mediocre story built around a great initial idea. I can't rant without spoiling, so I'll just say that the love story is weak and develops too fast. The kids are supposed to be 16 in the film, yet the 22+ looking Britt Robertson makes Asa Butterfield look more 14 than 16. In my opinion, it's unrealistic and pointless to see unless you are into a super super easy watch and won't get disturbed by stuff like 3 inch thick see-through laptops 16 years into the future; 16-year-olds crashing a plane into a building and jumping off on the last minute before a great explosion like Bruce Willis in Die Hard; half the movie being 16-year-olds making out and stealing cars; and of course a super predictable ending.
3 This comment was at one time deleted by IMDb based on an abuse report filed by another user. So I've edited it a bit.Three youths from disparate racial backgrounds united against the "real" enemy - the police and therefore, by extension, French society itself. The kids together fighting The Man. Right on!The attitude of the outcasts may be correct and the film has great style but I always suspected this film was a liberal fantasy, it has taken ten years but recent history has shown it for what it is. The recent riots in France have shown that. Where were all the Jewish youths burning cars along with the Muslim youths? Nowhere it seems.I see since I first posted this 4 out of 5 people weren't happy about it. So what is the point of disagreement? Are Jewish youths in fact fighting the police in France and burning thousands of cars every year? If they are I would be glad to have some factual evidence of that.So when the evidence shows up for whites and Jews joining Arabs and Africans in the daily violence in France I'll be sure to add it to this comment.Indeed where is that evidence? Not forthcoming so far.
3 First of all i must say jackie chan does not age like normal humans and still looks and moves great for a guy in his 60sAs for the film a decnet outing by jackie chan with some good action scenes sure the movies plot is a bit lackluster BUT this film is still miles better than the bad attempt of a movie called The Foreigner. so it is a big step up from that god awful movieFor fans of jackie chan i would give this movie a try and ignore the bad reviews on this site. sure this is no classic jackie chan film but still a step up from his last few movies
3 this show is so boring... the first one was so much better. shanae grimes is so obnoxious, she tries to act so innocent, and she acts like she is so cute, that everyone likes her. it's just kind of fake and hard to relate too, especially their entire family. lori laughlin has been so much better, in this show, they just rub me the wrong way or something, like they are trying too hard with it and pushing the family to make it like the old one.jessica stroup and anna lynne mccord play much more interesting characters. or at least they act a little bit better than shanae grimes.... but even the story line is the same as everything else. pregnant high schooler, been there, done that, it's already on another station. and they've done the coke thing a million times before too.and then there is the whole from kansas thing. didn't they try that before with lori laughlin, and she moved to cali, and it didn't work? i guess it is boring, and just hard to relate to at all. on to the next.but then again it's the cw, so what do we all expect?
3 This is a dull film, the likes of which we have seen before. The acting is paint by numbers, the effects serviceable but nothing we haven't seen in every other sci-fi film and the plot just stupid. I am a big fan of the Cloverfield films but this has just put me off from watching them. The only good thing: It was on Netflix so cost me nothing other than being part of my subscription.
3 *****Potential Spoilers*****lost the plotAs more and more animated films are getting a modern make over, I can say that I was genuinely excited when I saw the first teaser for this Tarzan film. Straight away I was thinking of how my favourite scenes from the previous movie would be brought back to life along with How the animals would look, if they Would talk, At what point would we hear the iconic Tarzan roar and of course how would the vine swinging look with today's cgi technology. In my opinion the animated storyline was a great foundation to work from and should have been ( for the majority at least) left the same. The trailer when released made me almost certain that that was going to be the case. Particularly after seeing The shot of the tree house over looking the ocean and the gorillas discovering Tarzan as a baby. However. . . . This story is being told very very very differently. The entire story I was hoping to see brought back to life has already come and gone. All You are treated to are multiple flashbacks throughout the film to relive certain moments such as how Tarzan met Jane, what happened to his parents and how he became one with the animals etc but they couldn't even get that in the slightest bit right. The first time you see Tarzan in this film you don't see the Tarzan we know and love we instead see a well dressed, well spoken Tarzan ( called John) who is discussing politics and events that are unfolding/about to unfold in Africa. Straight away I felt like I was watching what should have been a sequel to a revamped first film. Then who happens to appear . . . . Drum roll please . . . .who else but Samuel L Bloody Jackson 😫😫 Playing a character that was completely out of sync and in all honesty laughable. A character who found himself able to jump off cliffs and land safely In trees, stand and watch Tarzan take on a full sized gorilla with not a flicker of fear other than the occasion typical Jackson outburst. A character that if changed into different clothing could have been playing any off his previous roles. There was no adaptation to suit the film. David Yates directing this film reminds me of Roy Hodgson managing the England team during the Euros. Had a good base to work with but ultimately had no idea how to put it together so that it worked. You were only teased you with what could have or might have been. A fight scene fuelled on the loss of loved ones and raw emotion that only lasted a few minutes (with more than an underwhelming conclusion) would be an example of that. The characters had no depth and this was not the Tarzan and Jane I was hoping to see. That being said I think the choice of actors ( Samuel L Jackson being the exception) were the right choices for their parts but were portrayed completely wrong by the director and the direction of the film. Bitterly disappointed with the plot, the characters and also some of the visual affects. I think the majority of people who were expecting or hoping to see what I was hoping to see will be as well.
3 I have seen this show before, but I don't watch it on a regular basis, so a few days ago, I decided to sit through an entire episode, and honestly, it's not the acting that's the problem, it's some other things I'd like to mention; 1st of all, the humor isn't funny, and half the things the characters say are in all seriousness, but for some insane reason, the laugh track plays anyway. I mean, it's as if they want us to laugh at something, just to accompany the laugh track. 2nd of all, the characters of Ravi and Zuri are over-the-top, annoying, ghetto, and flat out weird, and the fact that the parents travel all the time(which is the reason for their usual absence from the show), and adopted 3 kids, after having only 1 biological child, shows that they're clearly knockoffs of Brangelina. 3rd of all, the theme song is absolutely horrible, repetitive, generic, and written on such an illiterate level, how can anyone enjoy this? It makes the Wizards of Waverly Place theme song sound like a masterpiece, and that's saying something because I absolutely hated that one. Finally, it was a poor decision on the part of Disney executives to give Debbie Ryan her own show, she's not lead star material, she was actually funny in the Suite Life on Deck, but here, it's as if she's trying too hard to be funny. That's all I really have to say about this, it's not very good, and if it were to stay on the network longer, it shouldn't go past 2 seasons. 3/10
3 To be fair, the first Maze Runner was awesome. Hence the name... its in a maze. The second movie was awful and the third as well. There is just no logic in the entire movie. It could use some realism. For instance, the entire movie is about saving Minho, but that 2 friends die in the process doesn't really seem to care. Then the bus scene... really??? 28 kids hanging upside down from a crane that needs to shove the bus over a brick wall defending the city... come on! And then all the "i didn't see that coming moments". This movie was just terrible to watch for 142 minutes and is the worst I've seen in a year + its has nothing to do anymore with the title. Where is the fucking maze then? They should have just sticked to 1 movie. The first one was awesome.
3 I... don't have words for how uninspired this film is. Maybe it was too inspired?Liv Tyler's performance alone is so comically wooden that it had me believing she was the film's quiet antagonist for most of the duration. Spoiler alert: she isn't. The opening act shows promise and that it might actually take a dark but interesting turn. After the first 15 mins however, we quickly enter some bizarre Twilight-territory noise which lasts for most of the film that I can't really adequately describe my disappointment in it. Literally nothing in this film makes sense and if you aren't angry by the third act then you deserve to have had your 90-minutes wasted. My wife was yelling at most of the scenes in this film, and I made no attempt to stop her. I'm dumber for having watched it, I award this film no points, and may God have mercy on its soul. If you want a well-executed child-creature film watch Let The Right One In and forget that this film ever happened.
3 Our take: Not worth the 88 minutes of your life.Post credit scene? No.There was so much potential in this movie that was squandered. Henson shines in almost everything she's been in, and Billy Brown (as Tom) has held his own on How to Get Away with Murder. The plot isn't the worst either. Yet, what came out was a mediocre movie.The first issue we noticed was the weird scene changes both literally and tonally. At times, a transition would come in the middle of a scene, out of nowhere, in an extremely obvious, and not at all sophisticated fashion (think the screen-wipe transition you can use on PowerPoint). Tonally, all scenes would start out fairly mundane, jump immediately to something that was meant to be profound and thought-provoking, and then fall right back to a casual exchange in less than five minutes. It was awkward and left a bad taste in the mouth. Moviegoers are lucky that the movie is only 88 minutes long.The half-assed dialogue, the utter lack of character development and non-existent chemistry made it impossible to recover from these mistakes. Essentially, it seemed that this movie's main goal was to have a shootout scene set to "Proud Mary."Big wheel keep on turnin' BAM BAMProud Mary keep on burnin' BAM BAMRollin', BAM BAM rollin', BAM BAM rollin' on the river BAM BAMIt would have been an effective short, because this scene was really awesome, save for the fact that members of a major crime family can't seem to land a single shot.In a world where people are hungry for more movies featuring POC and women in the lead, the filmmakers do a big disservice by making a subpar movie. Couple that with the complete lack of marketing budget this film seemed to have (perhaps because they had already sunk $14M into what they realized was a lackluster final product) and it's no wonder this film opened 8th behind a busy holiday release slate.Featuring: A movie set in Boston with ZERO Boston accents. But the Russian was good? (Probably because they hired actual Russians.)
3 This movie has it all! This is one of my all-time favorite movies. Many people have criticized it because it's from 1931 and I say: Who cares when you have such a great movie? Peter Lorre gives a 4 star performance as the child murderer, and may I say he is very very haunting. Fritz Lang's direction is superb; the cinematography is superb! The kangaroo court scene at the end is my favorite part, and it's brilliantly done. The plot is very well crafted. Even more amazing is the plot focuses around catching the murderer, but it is not boring for one second. Each scene flows beautifully into the next with some amazing chases, raids, and facial expressions. This is also a movie ahead of its time. This is definitely one of the all-time best movies!
3 The first two installments in this series were if nothing else enjoyable. The first one, in fact, was well acted and directed, with a satisfying plot and held its own. The second which did have a wayward plot and a messy script was still salvaged by the acting and the cgi-fuelled set pieces which were cool to look at. But this movie fails in every possible aspect. Firstly, let's consider the acting, Shailene Woodley who was the most stellar aspect of the previous movies, is extremely dull and lacklustre. She seemed completely disinterested throughout the movie. The script didn't require her to do anything more than recite a handful of lines but she did engage the screen only periodically. Her character who is shown to be strong and defiant previously, turns into this mute easily-manipulated by stander who does very little in this installment. Theo James as Four, however, I felt performed decently well with what he was given, even if he still grumbles most of his lines. Jeff Daniels and Naomi Watts arguably manage to fit the bill of their generic and plain characters. The CGI, which has been a plus point of this series so far, is squandered in this one, with the surrounding green scene being glaringly visible in several scenes. From a visual concept and set piece point of view, something that Insurgent did manage to execute well, this one once again falls short. With the acting already poor, we do not even have some eye candy visuals to enjoy. Now, the plot. Convoluted and poorly unraveled. Nothing seems to make sense. Character motivations are inconsistent with previous installments and seem to change with the requirement of the script. Whatever exposition is provided is achingly plain and vague spurring endless questions about a variety of plot points, so much so that they threaten to put whatever sense the preceding movies made in much jeopardy. SPOILERS AHEAD- Here are some questions and oddities with the regard to both certain nagging minutia and also larger plot points which completely spoil the overall experience of the movie. The wall climbing scene early on in the movie, which while having been the best actions sequence, was still annoying. Tris is running from the wall to the generator which is powering the fence/wall, three vehicles full of men are shooting at her but their aim as required, is pathetic. Four, who unlike Tris, isn't even running, is also untouched. Soon after, atop the wall, the group decides to begin celebrating their victory prematurely with only Tori returning fire and staying rooted in the gravity of the moment, and as inevitable she gets shot and dies. Why? Why would these characters behave SO very oblivious to the danger at hand. Having been 'rescued' by the Bureau of Genetic Welfare, they're shown the poorly rendered video clip explaining 200 hundred years worth of history. So, genetic mutation in humans was introduced and people were divided on this and then they fought and destroyed most of the world? Some select pure individuals formed the Bureau and the rest died/or were placed in the Chicago experiment to gauge if they were 'curable'? For 200 years? They ran a massive experiment to find if a pure human was possible from among the 'damaged' individuals? From what I see, the life that the damaged lived inside the wall was a much more civilized and peaceful society until Tris wreaked havoc in the first movie, while outside the wall, people seem to be living in a wasteland. So I'm supposed to understand that the 'pure' people set up a massive civilized city for the 'damaged' while themselves living in a barren landscape fighting people at the fringe??? Even the Providence was a tiny area of fairly futuristic looking infrastructure. It is later revealed that David wants funding for his project. Funding? Funding for? For reinstating the factions by wiping the minds of the people of the city? But he did just that without having received funding from the providence, didn't he?? So was it funding for renovation of his own floating castle home at the Bureau? And back in Chicago, Joana sees that Evelyn is killing people that worked for Jeanine, so she, the Wise one, decides it is time to divide whatever people are left, in half and have them fight each other to the death?? And then that gas. That gas which is supposed to be inhaled but is so heavy that it harmlessly settles down at feet level, giving ample time for the warring people to run up a flight of stairs. Evelyn gets shot by Peter in the back/leg, but clearly doesn't seem to have any injury when shown from the back. Tris shooting the ventilation system through the wall absolutely the weakest resolution to the conflict. And magically, the gas recedes quickly and all those people who had previously been fighting each other to the death, come out of the buildings all smiles and happy, some even smiling and pointing at God knows what. So absurd. Overall a very disappointing and frustrating mess that reeks of ignorance on the part of the filmmakers who seem to have concluded that they can string up any random events in a dystopian setting amidst a bunch of teenagers aided by mediocre visual effects and some set pieces. Hopefully, with the change of director, the final movie will be better.
3 What a great film this could have been!  The recreation of the attack on Pearl Harbor is some of the best film-making ever - an extraordinary and moving sequence made utterly believable by state of the art special effects. It ranks up there with the opening sequence from "Saving Private Ryan" and the sinking of the "Titanic" as one of the most harrowing "disaster" sequences filmed in recent years.  But like both those other two films, PEARL HARBOR is desperately in need of a decent script to frame the disaster sequence.Okay - I could almost accept the hokey old love triangle romantic plot - certainly the stars are great to look at - but the dialogue really sucked: "I don't think I'll ever look at another sunset without thinking of you". Please!  And all those hero shots from the ground, and the slow motion love bits, and the soppy music, and the eternal sunsets...But what this film really needed was an editor!  The climax of the film is the attack on Pearl Harbor - an American defeat.  But it seems the film-makers decided that the American audience wouldn't be satisfied with this - and so the movie grinds on and on for another hour or so dramatising a revenge attack on Japan.  And we're supposed to believe that this attack was fought by the very same guys who were on the ground in Hawaii.  I mean we all know that America won the war in the end, so did we really need this long epilogue?Personally I'd cut out all the Roosevelt and the Japanese high command scenes and concentrate on the experiences of the people on the ground at Pearl Harbor.  The Japanese stuff was all completely unbelievable anyway. The sad loss would be the superb performance of Jon Voight as Roosevelt - but maybe they could make another film about him.  I'd also end the film after the attack at Pearl Harbor, as the survivors pick up the pieces.  So why not have a shorter Director's Cut - a novel concept - that makes this film the great film it could have been.  If you like I'll lend the scissors!
3 "The Commuter" is not a good film. You know that I'm not a prude about action films: "Die Hard" is one of my all time favourites and I even gave this actor/director combo's previous outing - "Non-Stop" - a rather generous three Fads. But like many of my commutes, this is a hundred minutes of life that I won't get back again.Liam Neeson ("A Monster Calls", "Taken 3") plays Michael MacCauley an insurance salesman (no, I'm not making it up) who of course used to be a police officer with a certain set of skills. With advancing years, a couple of mortgages to keep up and a son about to go to college, he is financially rather exposed.When a bad day turns worse, the commuting MacCauley is approached by a mysterious woman (Vera Farmiga, "The Judge", "Up In The Air") who offers him a financial bail-out for doing "just one small thing". No, it's not for sex in the toilet... it's to use his familiarity with the train and its normal passengers to find the person that 'doesn't fit there'. For there is a lot at stake and MacCauley is drawn into a perilous game where his own life and the lives of his son and wife Karen (Elizabeth McGovern, "Downton Abbey") are put at risk. What the inexperienced writers (Byron Willinger, Philip de Blasi and Ryan Engle ("Non-stop")) were clearly shooting for was a Hitchcockian "ordinary man in deep-water" style flick of the James Stewart "North by Northwest" variety.... but they really miss this by a mile. With the 65 year old Liam Neeson - here playing 60 - performing acrobatics on, under and across an express train, belief is not just suspended - it is hung drawn and quartered! The action is just ludicrously unrealistic. The plot also has more holes than a moth-eaten jumper. Omnipotence of the villains is evident, but never explained, and while they are fiendishly clever in some aspects they are face-palmingly stupid about others. (No spoilers, but the threat to MacCauley's family is mind-numbingly foilable).A 'major event' at the end of reel two (if you've seen the spoilerish trailer you'll know what this is) leads - notably without any 'consequence' - into a completely ridiculous final reel that beggars belief. It also includes a "twist" so obvious that the writers must have assumed an IQ of sub-50.This is a film that melds "Taken", "Non-stop", "Unstoppable", "Strangers on a Train" and - most bizarrely and cringe-worthily - "Spartacus" to create a cinematic mess of supreme proportions. I put director Jaume Collet-Serra's last film - "The Shallows" - into my Top 10 films of 2016. He'll be lucky if this one doesn't make my "Turkeys of the Year" list for 2018.Avoid!
3 "Kick Ass 2" director Jeff Wadlow and television writer Michael Reisz must have watched all six "Final Destination" movies, "Ouija," and "It Follows" before they made "Truth or Dare," a glossy, young adult, supernatural thriller driven by demonic possession. Suffice to say, Michael Reisz has appropriated the centuries old party game True or Dare, which was designed to embarrass and amuse, but he has added a supernatural entity. Although they take the game beyond embarrassing and amusing, Wadlow and Reisz populate it with pedestrian characters. An attractively youthful cast, that could moonlight as fashion models and have done most of their thesping on TV, pose as vacuous victims. Male and female expendables throughout, they are differentiated by their wardrobe and gender. When they agree to tell the truth or take a dare, they've no choice. They must follow through or risk the likelihood of death. The "Truth or Dare" supernatural entity is a quirky demon that the filmmakers heighten the 'life or death' stakes of the game. Mind you, invisible demons are the first sign of a low-budget horror chiller. The producers don't have to pay an actor or actress. The special effects crew perform all the demon's fanciful feats. This demon multi-tasks, too. The filmmakers let it circulate will-of-the-wisp style from one character to another, temporarily possessing everyone. During this moment of possession, whatever character that it occupies utters a "Truth or Dare" demand. Along with this challenge, the demon warps their faces into the equivalent of an impudent Jack Nicholson smile. Indeed, this sinister smile serves the same purpose as Jason's mask in the "Friday the 13th" movies and Michael Myers' mask for "Halloween" franchise. Most memorable horror movie villains wear some sort of mask. Not only have Wadlow and Reisz carefully contrived this scary saga for sequels galore, but they've also provided it with a visual trademark anybody can imitate. Unfortunately, the violence is largely kinetic. Virtually no blood erupts from bodies either slain or mutilated. Basically, unlike R-rated movies, PG-13 movies like "Truth or Dare" must restrain themselves when mixing blood with violence. "Truth or Dare" unfolds as Ms. Goody Two-Shoes college student Olivia Barron (Lucy Hale of "Scream 4") plans to spend her Spring Break to building houses for Habitat for Humanity. Olivia's best friend Markie Cameron (Violett Beane of "Slash") has other ideas. She persuades Olivia to postpone her Habitat for Humanity plans. Reluctantly, Olivia accompanies Markie, her boyfriend Lucas (Tyler Posey of "Scary Movie 5"), and a group of their mutual friends, Penelope Amari (Sophia Ali of "Missionary Man"), her boyfriend Tyson Curran (Nolan Gerard Funk of "Riddick"), and their gay Asian pal, Brad Chang (Hayden Szeto of "Fortune Cookie"), on a holiday to sunny Mexico. Another member of their group that nobody particularly likes, Ronnie (Sam Lerner of "Project Almanac") tags along without permission. When they aren't cavorting on the beach and soaking up sunshine, they're getting loaded on all the alcohol they can guzzle. Basically, Violett convinced Olivia to join them since this constitutes their last chance as seniors to enjoy this time-honored escape from academia. While they are having the time of their lives, Olivia meets an enigmatic stranger, Carter (Landon Liboiron of "Forsaken"), at a club who makes a favorable impression on her. He convinces Olivia, Violett, and their chums to party at a forsaken Catholic mission remotely situated in the mountains. These goof-offs ignore the fence that they must climb through around the mission with its warning signs in Mexican about prohibited entry. Carter convinces them to play a game of Truth or Dare while they are boozing it up. What Olivia and her friends don't know is that a wicked spirit named Calax haunts the premises. Earlier, during a drunken binge with his own clique of cursed companions, Carter smashed the bottle confining Calax's spirit and released it. Of course, nothing happens to anybody that evening. Things take a bizarre twist after Olivia and company return to college. Somehow, the Truth or Dare game has followed them. Moreover, the game seems to be playing them rather than they it.  Unlike the night in Mexico when they asked each other provocative questions, Calax possesses each of them in turn as well as strangers and then challenges them to either take a dare or speak the truth. Olivia gets into trouble first when she blurts out in a room crowded with students at the library that Violett has been cheating on Lucas. Later, obnoxious Ronnie accepts a dare to expose himself while standing on a pool hall. When he refuses, Calax possesses him. Ronnie stumbles, getting off the pool table, and breaks his neck with a loud snap. Olivia and the others learn about Ronnie's tragic incident when a video appears on their cell phones. Each experience an encounter with Calax as well as a truth or dare question. Eventually, Olivia learns Carter introduced them to this demonically fueled game because it was the only way he could keep the spirit from meddling with his life. Those who ignore the rules end up dying until the surviving few track down not only a mute nun who once lived at the mission but also Carter. Ultimately, the only way Olivia and her surviving friends can counteract the curse is to coerce Carter into uttering a Spanish incantation seven times, slice out his own tongue, and cork it up in a clay bottle!Clocking in at 100 minutes, "Truth or Dare" should have dared to whittle its convoluted melodramatics down to 88 minutes. The demonic smile that everyone adopts during the game grows tiresome and borders on parody. This horror film boasts a minimal number of jump scare scenes. Meantime, the violence is largely antiseptic. Wadlow gives these lame shenanigans a polished look, but the film generates only minor suspense. Aside from "The Purge" lenser Jacques Jouffret's atmospheric cinematography, "Truth or Dare" induces yawns more than yells.
3 Pearl Harbor is without a doubt the worst world war 2 film of the past decade! The plot was lackluster and unoriginal, the acting pathetic for the most part, and the history inaccurate.It seems to be more preoccupied with portraying America in the best light than accurately depicting the facts. The love story is out of place and pathetic.At the end of the film is a 5 minute rant about why America is supposedly great; it actually says "after pearl harbour all America knew was victory", obviously the writers had never heard of Vietnam.The only good aspect was the special effects, but they could never make up for this absolutely dire film.My only regret (apart from wasting 2 and a half hours of my life watching the film) is that I can't award zero out of 10!
3 Having just come back from the UK Premier, I can honestly say, that was quite simply appalling. Only Kill Your Friends is a worse film of 2015.I absolutely loved Enter the Void with a passion, the poster has been my iPhone screen saver ever since. It was slick, stylish, sexy and trippy.Love, however fails to deliver on so many levels. I get what the director was trying to achieve here, but it just doesn't work due to the appalling acting from the very unlikable main character. Where on earth did they get him from? Was he the only actor who was willing to show his erect cock on the cinema screen? His lines are delivered with such a flat misanthropic moribund tone that you can't believe anything he says. The voice over just adds to the car crash. Its a film which lacks any real emotion or chemistry.If you want to watch a gritty film with real emotions watch Blue is the Warmest Colour and 9 Songs. Caspar Noe, you have let us done badly here. Go back to making in your face trippy films.
3 I was really looking forward to this movie and only ended up with a huge deception. The script is messy and there are way too many characters that are too quickly introduced. Many of these "villains" would require a whole movie to give intensity to their character... I really feel like DC just wanted to have as big an audience as possible without spending a penny on the script. Some good things are the special effects , the movie is overall very beautiful to watch. Some characters need a bravo for their wonderful roles: Harley Quinn mostly... The others are kind of empty to me. And some are very very bad like enchantress who mumbles in a foreign language all along and whose only 3 lines in English SUCK (when she asks Flag to destroy enchantress instead of saving her blabla). The Joker doesn't have a place in the movie, his role does not add anything to it and half of his lines are... awkward moans. El Diablo's behavior is predictable from the very beginning, Batman really wasn't necessary, Katana's few lines are desperately cheesy, etc... As a conclusion, the viewer is unable to feel a link whatsoever to any of the characters since their stories are disappointingly and quickly told. The acting of many characters does not help, whether they were just bad or the director asked them to play in that un-subtle fashion. The script is disjoint, flashbacks don't add much quality or intensity to the movie, and the "big plot" revealed at the end is... not much of a secret since the viewer KNOWS enchantress escaped from the hands of Waller. I feel like this is a big commercial move from DC to attract people... However, this will only disgust the people who were fans of the heroes/villains in the beginning. Money over quality
3 ...and not very original. The characters are not believable and came across as being forced onto the screen. Just another worn out revenge movie.I have never seen the original. So that is cleared up.On the plus side the camera angles and scenes were well done from a technical perspective.Samuel L. Jackson's part character should have been developed more. It seemed that the movie was trying to relive Mr. Glass from "Unbreakable" which Mr. Jackson nailed in that movie.The movie does not stand on its own merit. Period. There is NO character growth, most of the action scenes are shoddy at best and all seemed misplaced. The action scenes were simply added to have action scenes.It was still a movie that should have never been made.
3 This movie could not do any better, it ended the Harry Potter series with a bang. It is a good balance from the first part of The Deathly Hallows. The first part was more of a drama, while part two was action packed left and right. This may be my favorite movie of the series, though all of them are equally amazing. I have read the books, and there are definitely major changes in the movie, but I find they fit perfectly well with the story, even if it isn't the original plot. Even for those who haven't read the books (why wouldn't you?!), it is equally enjoyable. This movie, along with the rest in the series, will be loved for years and years to come.
3 This film, starring Harrison Ford and Karen Allen is a decent action film for its time. Indiana Jones (Harrison Ford) is an archaeologist and a teacher at a college in the U.S. and besides teaching, he is on the hunt for the staff of Ra to get the lost ark. He isn't alone in trying to get the ark, however, because a group of Nazis are looking to obtain the ark to control God. The special effects are good for the time, however, to anyone watching this movie now would think they are cheesy and fake. The plot is very good and keeps you watching, but I feel that some of the escapes Indiana Jones makes isn't really realistic at all. All in all this movie is good, but you have to keep in mind that it was made many years ago.
3 'Bright' should have taken some pointers from its title and lightened up a little. How seriously are we expected to take a film which features orc gangsters, elves using iPhones and a fight between Will Smith and a fairy? *Very* seriously, it seems. Smith is given a few lines that are reminiscent of Alonzo from 'Training Day', but apart from these brief pauses from gloom the film is entirely devoid of humour.The world-building is far too superficial. There are even references to 'Shrek' in this film. Sometimes allusions to pop culture and the real world work in fantasy (e.g. in Stephen King's 'The Dark Tower' books and Terry Pratchett's 'Discworld' series), but it's a total misfire here. The world of 'Bright' seems to be a carbon copy of our own world, and we're just expected to accept the fact that it happens to feature elves, orcs, magic and the like.The specifics of the film aren't as bad as its premise: the performances are fairly decent (Edgerton does what he can but is heavily restricted by his character), the soundtrack is forgettable but passable, and the visuals are occasionally impressive. I can't recommend 'Bright' to anyone in sincerity - the world-building is comparable to something a 13-year-old would produce for a creative-writing project. I was drawn to this film after asking myself the question of how director David Ayer and writer Max Landis make a premise like this work... the answer: they don't.
3 If Daniel Day-Lewis doesn't win an Oscar for this performance, there is something horribly wrong. His performance and this film were amazing. I don't give this kind of accolade out generously. I was at the screening at the Chelsea West. We waited outside in the cold and rain for a good two hours to get in there and get some good seats and I can honestly say, I would have waited double that amount of time. Enough of my rambling though. In regards to the film itself; it was very well done. The cinematography was amazing as well as the set design. As usual, PTA gives us a flawless script with terrifying, humorous, and compelling dialogue. All of the acting was spot on. Paul Dano played the role of a two-faced, maniacal, and power hungry preacher. The young man who plays H.W. Plainview was also very solid. As PTA stated during the Q&A last night, he seemed to know everything about the story and his character and seemed to be a natural. Daniel Day-Lewis. Need I say more? He was breathtaking in TWBB. Amazing is all i can say. You will need to see the film to see for yourself. Some may become bored with the film at times, which is what i gathered from the people sitting around me. I had no problem with the "slow" scenes, but the general public may have a problem grasping this film. If anything, this will be the reason if it gets snubbed at the Oscars.
3 Fantastic Four started catching my eye in the casting stage. Seemingly not giving a damn about the source material, it was refreshing to see those kind of balls especially from Marvel. While I welcome Michael B. Jordan as The Human Torch, I wish I could say the same thing about the rest of the film. Fantastic Four is merely a reboot that loses its steam after the first act. Coming in at just over an hour and a half, the film is a rushed piece of reject summer movie drab. The characters are paper thin and about 10 years too young for their respective roles. The visual effects are far from stunning, especially The Thing, whose transformation into the ghastly beast is something closer to a PS2 game than an actual film with a $100 million price tag. Miles Teller proves here that his performance in Whiplash is truly a fluke. As Mr. Fantastic, he struggles to sound like he knows what he is talking about. Perhaps a little more rehearsal time and a little less focus on that cheap looking silver streak in his hair could have benefited him. Kate Mara as Susan Storm is about as idiotic as it can get. Mara is a great actress, there's no other way about it but Kate Mara as Susan Storm is terrible and borderline embarrassing. The biggest shock here in this film is where all the controversy started...Michael B. Jordan as The Human Torch. Jordan's ability to be a badass likable gear head is insanely good. He's the best part of this film by far. If there is anyone that could single handedly carry this film on their back, it is him. The film overall is too dark for Fantastic Four and too shallow for Marvel which leaves it drifting somewhere between ridiculous and not necessary...and at times, both. If there's any movie to see this summer, I can assure you, Fantastic Four is NOT it.
3 Warning: SpoilersI'm having hard time remembering what I saw in this show the first time it aired. I thought it was refreshing to see another confident spunky girl like Raven who wasn't so self- consciousness and annoying like Lizzie McGuire. The reality of it is that this is a Disney show so its stupid to expect quality. First time I watched it I accepted this fact and I thought the show was enjoyable despite its unrealistic presence. But alas I was fool for buying into this crap. The more I watched it the more ridiculous and boring it got. The novelty of the spunky Hannah Montana character wore off probably because her over-exaggerated personality was shove down my throat so much it got to be ridiculous. Its called range Miley Cyrus. On top of that Miley's Cyrus look has become horribly fake (I'm not referring to her Hannah Montana look but her supposed Miley look)- why does Miley need a fake tan?! O and by the way I think Miley is being overworked; she developing wrinkles on her forehead. The only bright spots in this whole show are her sidekicks Mitchell Musso and Emily Osment and her brother which aren't featured enough probably because the writers have run out of ideas of what to do with them. In fact, I believe the writers have run out of ideas of the entire show as the plots become more ludicrous and humorless. Not to mention boring- Hannah Montana tries to sneak away to Florida- thats the whole plot?! At least Lizze McGuire was realistic. That's So Raven was good because it balanced the goofiness, didn't forget its secondary characteristics, and more importantly it had some good messages for teenagers. Some could argue that That So Raven plots were ridiculous, but at you understand where they were coming from. Miley's jealous that her dad likes the Jonas Brothers more than she so she dresses up as some drunk rocker? What the heck? Maybe Disney shouldn't spend much time promoting Hannah Montana and put more time into saving the show.
3 I am a lover of Bergmann films, most of which I'd seen more than 20 years ago. This one got by me somehow, but because of all the glowing reviews I've read here and elsewhere, I decided to rent the DVD. It was a complete waste of time: pretentious, dull and hollow. The only part remotely interesting was when the nurse describes an erotic beach encounter with some voyeur boys. Flashbacks, apparent dreams, repeated scenes, unexplained images. None of it worked for me. About the only thing that held my interest was whether or not Liv Ullman would ever speak a line. The answer to even this question remained ambiguous.This is the "Emperor's New Clothes" of all art films, as far as I am concerned. There is nothing there.
3 In the near future, America is devastated by evironmental and economic disasters. Noah Kross (Nicolas Cage) is an agent of the Humanity Bureau, a government agency which determines whether a citizen is productive or not. He is sent to evaluate the farm of Rachel Weller and her son Lucas. The farm is barren and Kross decides to send them to the relocation center. When he gives them a break, his superior Adam Westinghouse (Hugh Dillon) seeks to stop them all.It seems like the filmmakers conceived of a dystopian world but failed to create a compelling story within it. This is another Cage special. It should be a warning sign for any of his recent movies. If he thinks the script is great, there is no doubt that something is wrong with it. The big reveal reminds me of Soylent Green. In fact, I'd rather have Soylent Green. This is generally cheap, inferior in every way, and lacking intensity. Cage is going through the motion. This is a small Canadian sci-fi indie trying to hit above its weight and failing.
3 Yesterday I watched the remake of The beguiled and I found it much less impressive than the film made in 1971, but I couldn't remember so well the older version because I watched it more or less 20 years ago so I decided to watch it today to make a comparison. I find that the new version was completely spoiled by PC fanaticism. I don't understand why Sofia Coppola left out Hallie the slave, slavery was a key point on the American Civil war and Hallie was an important character with lots of interesting dialogues. She also left out the scenes of the crush between the soldier and Amy, the 12 years old girl in order to not shock people with paedophilia. The incestuous memories of Martha were also left out. In summary, she impoverished the characters, their relationships and their thoughts to avoid shocking PC people and replaced the interesting varied characters by a group of pretty blondes. The first version is much more thrilling and interesting. It's a shame that now with much better make up and photography the core of the film was spoiled.
3 A depressingly nihilistic film that would have at least been commendable for its unabashed cruelty - that is, if an out-of-place clichéd 'happy ending' hadn't been tacked on. As such, it only works as an exercise in awkward gags and uncomfortable dramatic beats, hammering the final nails into the coffin of three careers while it's at it. Now, if you're looking for a darkly comic view at a dysfunctional family, you'll find this for the first half of the film. If you want an upbeat, feel-good family comedy, keep your fingers in your ears and your eyes 'wide shut' until the final twenty minutes. If you want a good Christmas film, I suggest you go home and put The Polar Express back in the DVD player.
3 The previous installments nicely balanced the over-the-top tricks with the plot, and somehow it was plausible in an imaginary sort of way.But this one? It's as if the writers had the plot then later realized they needed the tricks, and in they went, one by one, arbitrarily, with no real imagination or thought. You can hear the director saying, "ok, insert a trick here, then there, and there, then there." With a 90-minute run-time, there were actually five stories going on: the brothers, the unicorn search, the minions' imprisonment, the engagement segment (involving the oldest child, age 12!), and the Brat. Two are eventually irrelevant and unresolved, while the other three meet in the end, but in a forced "we have to write it this way or the movie has no ending" sort of way.The premise was interesting - long-lost twin brother wants to resuscitate the family tradition of villainy vs. Gru's new home-bound stability. But the execution was just mediocre, if that. Light laughs, an LOL or two, but that's it.The minions stole the show.
3 OK, maybe this movie isn't aimed at "mature" audiences, but for adults looking for a trashy good time at the movies then you won't get a movie any better than this. If you want to see unrelenting brutality & most of Eva Green you will get your money's worth & then some. Green totally owns the "Dame" role that she was perfectly cast for. When her story ends the movie does drop off (fortunately her story is most of the movie).The "Sin City look" is enhanced by 3D (I normally avoid 3D) & rates as one of the best uses of 3D I've ever seen. Fans (like me) of Miller's "A Dame To Kill For" comic book will be thrilled at it's obsessive loyalty to word & frame screen treatment. It looks fantastic! (Maybe, I mean to say that Green looks fantastic. It's both.) I don't get all the criticism of how this "look" has grown tiresome --not for me in 3D.All the actors in big roles to small look like they are having a sinful amount of fun, but Joseph Gordon-Levitt is almost as strong as Green in a new role in one the new stories written for the movie. If you saw "Looper" (or "Inception") you already know that JGL can play a tough guy despite his physical size.Make no mistake this movie is a feature length Roadrunner cartoon for adults --emphasis on "adults"--with all of the ridiculous action & over- the-top violence that only a cartoon can get away with because of the way it's rendered.(No kids, please: there is just enough gore that isn't so cartoonish to make it unfit for children.)Like the first Sin City 9 years ago, this new Sin City is B-movie bliss. (I still don't like Jessica Alba as "Nancy".)
3 I'm a huge fan of fantasies/ fairy tales, and when I was a little girl (6-7), I loved old-fashion fantasy movies such as Fantaghiro or Der Ring des Drachen, which are really old school now, but then they had a certain charm. The lack of green-box, advanced sound-tech... etc made them charming, the story lines were simple but always easy to follow, to perceive and amusing. At the end, the Good usually won, the Bad suffered. So I expected something like that after reading the official summary on IMDb... What I got was a great mess of separate story lines, often boring (with a couple of nice shots, I must admit...), terrible sounds and no real ending at all. In my opinion, it was a waste of time, and I was really-really disappointed, of the acting too. (Sorry Vincent Cassel, I'm a dedicated fan, but this was....)Maybe if I'd be more familiar with Italian fairy tales, I could have understood what's going on, but I think it's a core mistake in a movie if you cannot make out the story without background knowledge (e.g. Harry Potter movies, or The Lord of the Rings, which are absolutely great without having read the books.)
3 The very idea of Batman and company being transported back to feudal Japan is an idea that had a lot of potential. As it was, the preview of the film gave me the impression the movie, while sci-fi in that it's a comic book movie and there's time travel involved, made me feel like I was in for a samurai epic (despite the fact that the title is Batman NINJA, yeah, I'll get to that later). What I got instead was a completely nonsensical story that just happened to have Batman in it. Fair warning, spoilers are following.So first, Batman himself. I can certainly appreciate that when he loses all of his tech and gadgets that it would be something of a setback, after all, Batman is kind of defined by his cool toys. However, it was really annoying when he kind of fell to pieces about it. That and a disturbing lack of intellect that the guy is known for did not feel like Batman, who is not only one of the smartest investigators and tacticians in the world, but does not limit himself only to his gadgets. Batman spent years training in nearly every martial art on the planet, which means he is an expert in hand to hand and weapons combat. He might need to adjust his tactics if he lost his tech, which I have no doubt he prepared for, but he wouldn't suddenly go through what amounts to an identity crisis because of it. It just didn't fit with the character.The other really big issue I had with the movie is that they took what could have been an outstanding feudal Japan storyline and turned it into freaking Gundam/Power Rangers/Voltron insanity. Forget the fact that there's all of this massive, sci-fi tech with absolutely zero origins as far as where the actual, physical materials to create computer monitors and holograms came from. This isn't even something as neat or quasi-believable as Steampunk, which MIGHT have made sense. No, we're talking about giant freaking ROBOTS. I realize this is movie is in anime style, but this went beyond ridiculous. When the robots of the five major villians came together (a la Voltron or Power Rangers), that was almost as bad as when a ton of monkeys first formed a giant 'man' that could actually fight, just before combining with an equally huge amount of bats to form an actual, no BS, giant biological Batman fighting 'robot'. It was absolutely insane, and if this wasn't a Batman movie I think I probably would have enjoyed it. The problem is, this WAS a Batman movie, and so doing all of this crazy Japanese anime mech nonsense took me completely out of the movie.Then there was the characterizations. They weren't horrible, although the choices made for the looks of Poison Ivy and Catwoman were a little odd (Ivy with pink hair and Catwoman with very light brown hair?). Again, what bothered me most was what they did with Batman. The guy is a master at pretty much every fighting style known to man, which includes weapons. Hell, he studied ninjitsu and mastered it, which would include using a sword. Even if we were to believe that somehow the Joker, a man who, while reasonably capable in a fight, is NO WHERE on par with Batman's ability, somehow was able to learn fighting skills during the years he spent in Japan before Bats showed up, they still wouldn't be near enough to Batman's to put up the level of resistance he was capable of. Joker was always such a threat because he was insane, and thus hard to predict sometimes. He was never an expert martial artist or fencer.And then there's the whole 'ninja' thing. Other than a ninja clan that basically worships Batman via prophecy (because of COURSE there's a prophecy *ding*), there's no 'ninja' involved with Batman, despite the fact that the guy actually is the ultimate one otherwise. The armor he ends up putting on is all samurai, right down to the katana, with not a single trace of ninja in sight. I guess that might be something of a nitpick, especially since it showed that was going to happen in the trailer, but I was asking the same question back then: "Why is Batman Ninja wearing samurai armor?"There's plenty more, but, honestly, between this, 'Batman and Harley Quinn', and the live action 'Justice League', it really feels like DC is deliberately trying to get people to not like or anticipate anything with Batman in it anymore. I don't know if that's the case, but these days, if I see a DC product with Batman I'm pretty much expecting it to suck.
3 First, let's work on some maths: "Skyline" is an alien invasion flick that has a touted US$10 million budget! This amount is a shoestring for an alien attack film - it is not even enough to pay the salary of an A-list star! So now you can do the maths and understand why there are no big stars here.If you had seen the trailer you might have been impressed by the CGI effects of the tentacled UFOs. This is probably where all the money have gone. Everything else, from its lame script and B-grade TV stars to its sets, are all hotch-potch and downright rudimentary. It is an exploitation film that seems destined for DVD.Synopsis: After a night of heavy partying at a posh condo in Los Angeles, a bunch of friends are awakened in the early hours by mysterious beams of light from the skyline. Those who gaze on the light get entranced - like moths to a flame and get 'burnt up'. Yup, the alien ships have landed and the survivors at the condo unit, Jarrod (Eric Balfour) and his fiancée (Scottie Thompson, pictured below with Balfour), and their friends Terry (Donald Faison of TV's "Scrubs") and Candice (Brittany Daniel) must find a way to escape the aliens' grasp. But where can they run? There are so many things wrong with the movie that I don't know where to begin. The film, directed by the Brothers Strause who did the effects for "The X-FIles", centres the action inside the condo unit so much that we get the impression that LA is deserted and the only folks left are those in the half-empty building. No attempt is made to show the scope of the 'body snatching' and its effects on the millions of other city-dwellers.Next, the main characters are being portrayed as such selfish and unsavoury people that we root for the aliens to take them away. This may be because the writers have not bothered to flesh out their backgrounds, except for a few predictable turns. The only one who comes on as real is David Sayas (of TV's "Dexter" fame) who plays the building supervisor. Also, the dialogue is lame and clichéd. The writers must have had the notion that audience interest can be sustained if they have the characters yell at one another.There's no doubt that Strause brothers provide exhilarating special effects - but they need to work on getting a good story to go with their CGI magic. Otherwise it is just a damn waste.
3 A woman sets out to make life hell for her ex-husband's new fiancée. Unforgettable is a poorly made film about a crazy chick with issues that tries to ruin the life of a really good girl and basically ends up killing herself cause she ain't beautiful anymore? This movie is literally dumb as hell and i'm very tired of this kind of films sure i have enjoyed a few films like this the last few years but their not original anymore since 1987's Fatal Attraction they have been trying to catch up on that magic but the film is just so predictable and boring that i almost fell asleep twice and if you count out the great performance by Rosario Dawson and an okay job by Katherine Heigl the film doesn't do anything or go anywhere plus the ending hit on a sequel kinda and i pray that they don't go on with a 2nd one. (3/10)
3 I must admit I had high hopes for this film. Having seen portions of Amy Schumer's show and other clips of her stand-up I thought this should be really good. Wrong all the way. The film starts with promise but rapidly goes down from there. How many ways can you make promiscuity funny....well too many. Very few things in this film were funny. It began to become uncomfortable and very repetitive. Ms Schumer is good in small doses, but is no Bullock or McCarthy. Towards the end it picks up just a very small amount but goes back into the toilet. All in all, I could have spent the 2 hours doing something more productive, such as contemplating my navel or cleaning the toilet. Oh well, the next film I see will, fingers crossed, be much better.
3 'I live now in a world of ghosts, a prisoner in my dreams', a line spoken by Antonius Block (Max Von Sydow) in 'The Seventh Seal' is also a good descriptor of this critically lauded film. Directed by Ingmar Bergman, the film explores, through an allegorical fashion, human relationships and the struggle with ones own psyche. Block is a knight on his way home from the Crusades who becomes increasingly disillusioned while surveying his country, which has been ravaged by the Black Plague. Along the way he avers that he doesn't care about anyone, and questions the existence of a God who could allow these things to happen. In the beginning of the film he meets Death, who informs him that it is his time. Block manages to push off Death for a little while by distracting him with a chess game while he travels home; encountering several different characters, but Death is always following close behind until the inevitable end of the game. Bergman's style is not straight forward, rather quite symbolic and philosophical. The imagery at times is astounding, and I still (a month after seeing the film for the first time) see the image of 'the dance with Death' in my head when I think of the film. However, what I discovered was that this film carries with it a lot of intellectual and philosophical baggage that is not necessarily warranted. Nothing is really spelled out in this film, but it was much more easily 'accessible' than I thought it would be; I assumed I would have to put on my 'Affected Art House' hat on to watch it and nothing could be farther from the truth. Steeped in beautiful irony, the film, while having the pervasive specter of Death hanging over it, really celebrates life through its characters and their unusual circumstances. It is truly unfortunate that the powerful image of man playing chess with Death has become such a cliché, and oft repeated in some ridiculous manner or another. Bergman directed a thought-provoking and beautiful film with 'The Seventh Seal', and I personally look forward to seeing it again, this time not to grasp the story, but to marvel at the incredible images. I would recommend this film to anyone, but I especially highly recommend it to those who consider themselves students of film  it will give you a lot to chew on. 8/10--Shelly
3 There is a common theory that Lewis Caroll was high on LSD when he made up the story of Alice in Wonderland. A concept that wouldn't be completely misplaced given its lunacy and a particular insinuation of certain consumables affecting Alice and her state of being. The truth of how it became is far more innocent but it doesn't stop people making their own assumptions, much like the reasoning as to why it attracted Tim Burton and Johnny Depp. The 2010 movie was a cocktail of over-cooked CGI and relied heavily on its main ingredient, another haughty creation from Depp who, thanks to his Jack Sparrow fame, wore the mantle of one of the most prominent character actors of our generation. At the time the visuals were considered a revelation, but where they succeeded the script severely lacked and a much loved story was exhaustively drawn out. Muppets Most Wanted director James Bobin takes the helm (or the blame - depending on how you want to look at it) with all of the original cast returning to their roles including; Helena Bonham Carter, Alan Rickman, Stephen Fry and Mia Wasikowska as Alice.We find Alice at the beginning of the movie as the Captain of a ship which is threatened to be taken away from her unless she gives up her family home, a deal her Mother struck in a bid to avoid financial ruin. Feeling betrayed, Alice makes a run for it and finds a magic portal through a huge glass mirror. It doesn't take long before we're propelled back into Wonderland through a vortex of swirling colours and flashing images. An epileptic nightmare. Alice instantly finds familiarity in the form of Absolem et al before they inform her that the Mad Hatter is dying and the only thing that will save him is if Alice believes that his family are still alive. She then sets upon a mission to go back in time to warn them of the danger that may cause their death - This is the kind of story that seems to be clutching at the proverbial straw but at that definitive moment within the first 15 minutes of the movie, you know exactly what to expect.What made Alice in Wonderland so appealing was the premise of such memorable characters. Wasikowska seems to slip back into her role with ease, however, she had some practice playing a similar role in Guillermo del Toro's Crimson Peak (2015). It's not to say that she is a one trick pony, but it is difficult to distinguish variety in her performances. The introduction of (a very reserved) Sacha Baron Cohen as Time and a new antagonist has a promising start and receives the majority of the laughs. Unfortunately his character soon becomes second rate to Helena Bonham Carter's bellowing Red Queen and her painful over- acting begins to grate. Even Johnny Depp's Mad Hatter becomes a pathetic re-imagining as he limps through the movie offering very little performance. Namely, his forced lisp which makes his voice sounds like a creepy, old man that forgot to put his teeth in. The real shame is the misuse of the rest of the original cast who are forced to provide mere cameos in comparison to the lead actors. This is the final performance from Alan Rickman before his untimely death and the only regret is that he is barely given enough screen time to make an impact on the movie at all.James Bobin does very well to mimic the style of the first movie. The audience are dazzled with so much visually, it appears like a desperate attempt to make up for the distinct lack of story. Alice Through the Looking Glass is a lot more structured (believe it or not) than the first instalment but, once again, it suffers from irritating pacing issues and poor performances from their key actors. On a positive note, thanks to the hypnotic special effects this is an entertaining children's movie and, regardless of the crude insinuations, that is most likely what Lewis Carroll intended it to be when he told it to 10 year old Alice Liddell as they rowed down the Thames. Whether that was the intention of Tim Burton is another thing altogether. But for the adults, this one will send you a little MAD.
3 As the show was hyped up like a worthy sequel to original. Even in the intro the characters make rookie mistakes handling their rifles. (ref. Deacon can't hold his fingers away from the trigger while holding it horizontal)It doesn't get any better in the show itself. The show has drama, but it all seem like a sit-com. The action, like SWAT as we know it is unbelievable, like , I can not believe it's true. I can't believe a show made by CBS couldn't hire professional help to learn these guys how to handle, tactics etc. When they show the SWAT's training, the Delta(4) points his rifle in the back of his teammate. And the show is trying to make us believe they're training with live ammunition..XX SPOILER XX When they're on the roof top in the last minutes of the pilot episode, Hondo sees whats going on, but doesn't radio for the OPC, nor the other team. Instead he runs down the stairs of the building, therefore running blind, having no SA.On the streets below, they fire their rifles at full auto, even though they only carry 60 rounds of .223(5.56NATO). When the 'bad guys' get out of their car, they get shot, though in the vest, before even raising their weapons.And Hondos 'hero moment', when he tackles the bad guy that's fighting Street, he puts his rifle in his face, not disarming the bad guy and facing Street saying something cool. Before he has even disarmed the guy.The show has a lot of potential, and a solid fan base. But these rookie mistakes makes it hard to watch without a pillow.
3 Leatherface (2017) Review. Will contain spoilers so read at your discretion. I really don't know where to start with this movie. I honest to God really tried to give it a chance. I tried to give Leatherface the benefit of the doubt. Sadly I was disappointed due to a number of factors. I'll start with what I liked because there isn't that much to cover. I enjoyed how they recreated the farmhouse. I think it's cool anytime we get to revisit the Sawyer farm. I'm happy that they were able to tie elements of 3D into this movie with the inclusion of Verna Sawyer Carson, her lawyer Farnsworth, and Leatherface keeping the name Jedidiah. It was neat to see the original Sawyer Clan again and I thought we'd see more of them. That being said, the few positive factors did not save this movie for me. Leatherface turned out to be the skinny kid that was talking as a teenager. I could possibly see Leatherface being skinny in his teenage years but he absolutely does not talk. Maybe he talked a little as a child but at the age he was at during the majority of the movie he shouldn't have been able to talk. Leatherface is not a cliché buff slasher, he is a large heavy set guy. If you want to make Leatherface skinny that's one thing but don't put him right next to someone with the exact same looks, and mannerisms that Leatherface should have. It's not a neat twist, it's a "fuck you" to the fans. Possibly the worst thing they did is say he wears the mask due to a facial disfigurement. Saying that a killer wears a mask because of a disfigurement is the laziest backstory ever! I have given credit where credit is due. It was neat seeing Leatherface come out of the basement with his chainsaw brutally killing Hartman. The classic chase through the woods with the chainsaw was lazy and played out and was not satisfying at all. Despite the cool nods to the original I don't think it's worth the watch. It is absolutely the worst film in the franchise (I don't count the remakes) This movie was unnecessary and absolutely lacking in character development. It's a desperate attempt to make a profit doing what they want with only some nods to the original to keep it somewhat afloat. I'm very disappointed because I don't see the franchise bouncing back from this atrocity unless they do a sequel to 3D. I wanted to enjoy any Leatherface movie but I just couldn't enjoy this one. 3 out of 10. Not worth the watch. Spare yourselves the disappointment.
3 In 1993, the alcoholic Joseph "Joe" Doucett (Josh Brolin) is a loathed man with basically one only friend, Chucky (Michael Imperioli), who owns a bar. Joe neglects his three year-old daughter Mia and is estranged of his ex-wife Donna. Out of the blue, Joe is kidnapped and locked alone in a room for twenty years. Along the years, he learns that Donna was brutally murdered and he was accused of the crime and Mia was adopted and raised by a family. Unexpectedly he is released without knowing who arrested him and why. He meets the humanitarian social assistant Marie Sebastian (Elizabeth Olsen) and his old friend Chucky and together they try to find the identity of his kidnapper."Oldboy" is a poor remake directed by Spike Lee of the South Korean masterpiece. It is sad to see Spike Lee so decadent wasting his talent in a garbage like that. I was reluctant to see this remake and unfortunately I spent my Friday night watching this crap instead of watching the South Korean movie again. Spike Lee should do the same. My vote is three.Title (Brazil) : "Oldboy: Dias de Vingança" ("Oldboy: Days of Revenge")
3 The problem with many movies nowadays is a lazy script.1. The issue between Lindsay & Juliet feels contrived. It's a cartoon version of bullying with a cartoon origin story... bed-wetting trauma.. really?2. Sam is the only person that doesn't know that Juliet is the key to the situation from the first 10 minutes. 3. Are we really supposed to believe that there was no way for Sam to restrain Juliet with an infinite number of tries... really?The acting was solid overall in this teen twist of Groundhog's Day.But the audience deserves better than implausible dialog & glaringly gigantic plot holes. Back to script-writing class.
3 I saw this about 24 hours ago at the Best of Fest for Sundance, and this last 24 hours I have done little but think about and marvel at this film. I really had zero expectations going in, I heard the buzz surrounding it in town, but knew very little about it as the film began. I have yet to get the words that do my thoughts justice for this movie but I am going to try. First everything about this film was stellar; casting, writing, acting, directing, music and cinematography all came together to just tell an incredible story. I want to say a bit more about a couple of these aspects. Acting, first of all I don't know who impressed me more Miles Teller in the lead as Andrew Nieman or JK Simmons playing Band teacher Terence Fletcher. Both did so great that had either been a lesser actor they would have been out shined by the other. Simmons' performance really reminded me of Gunnery Sargent Hartman from Full Metal Jacket, except rather than emotionally destroying and rebuilding marines he was doing it to 18 year old kids. His character could have easily been cartoony and 2 dimensional but Simmons gave him such depth that the whole film I felt compassion for and even understood his motives, even before he lays them out for Nieman in the third act. Two scenes bring you to the core of this character and the line that has intrigued me for 24 hours is "No words in the English language are more dangerous than 'good job.'" (thus why I titled my review as such, sorry I couldn't resist). Then on to Teller's performance, for a younger actor who I haven't seen in much I must say he played his role like a seasoned actor. His performance just wrapped me up and to find out he did much of the drumming himself is insane. Whilst watching some of the intense scenes I felt like I was watching him be executed, and other times it feels like the fight in Rocky, you feel like you are just watching him get demolished, except all of this is emotional rather than the easier physical. Whether it is the discouragement, the socially awkwardness, the single parent household, the internal conflict, the hubris, the arrogance, and at times the mental torture that he put himself through, all just blew me away. Teller reminded me of a much much more talented John Cusack and had the charisma and electricity to connect to the audience. The one other thing I must commend is the writing, so often you kind of know where a movie is headed but this movie stayed very unpredictable and just when you think for certain how a scene or sequence of scenes will play out they take a hard left and keeps you off balance (in a good way). It was so refreshing, a few times I thought the bow was on the film but then something disrupts how "it should go or end". Sorry if I rambled, perhaps after thinking on it more I can get a more focused review, needless to say this film is a must-see when it gets a broad release. Great job to all involved and congrats on winning the award at Sundance, you certainly earned it. One last thing if this gets attention in wide release this could see a heightened interest in Jazz, this is certainly a film that can make even the not-so musically inclined want to throw on a Jazz record and just drown in it.
3 The good parts:The movie is very sensitively filmed. The camera relentlessly explores every bump on Teller's and Simmons's heads like a documentary about Greek sculpture. It adds a lot to the feel of the movie in a wonderfully subtle way.Simmons and Teller (as the "Studio" band director and the, I guess, protagonist young drummer) do a great job. Simmons in particular is really the nexus of energy for the entire movie, and owns that role with absolute precision.The music, when it's actually music, is well-chosen and well-performed.The terrible parts:Simmons ("Fletcher") and Teller ("Andrew") are essentially the only characters in the film. Andrew's dad and his not-really girlfriend are secondary characters that serve to remind the audience what actual humans are like. Andrew is an insufferable jerk, and Teller does an amazing job of maintaining (mostly) a stone-faced, blankly insensitive look throughout almost every tense moment of the film. Simmons's Fletcher is a superb sadistic maniac. He's not "intense" or "volatile" - he's a psychotic monster.I'm debilitated as a reviewer because my son is a talented young drummer, so I get to see good drumming all the time. The persistent trope in the film of Andrew drumming until his hands bleed is wildly unrealistic; that basically cannot happen if you're a drummer good enough to get into a prestigious music school in the first place. Everything else about Andrew at the fancy school, upon further examination, is completely unreal. He basically never talks to the other complete non-entities in the band. They're all like POWs, obeying the maniac director unflinchingly (except when they fail, when they're abused and ejected). My son (whose judgment I trust because he's also obsessed, but not a jerk) described the silly drum "competition" as "three people who can't drum doing shitty grind-core break beats". (To be fair, he liked the movie. What can you do.)So OK, the movie is an allegory, and not intended to be realistic. So it's an allegory about how a sadist can really help a self-absorbed jerk with some obsession get better at what they want to do? I can't find any way to sympathize with that. I mean, who is that speaking to?Finally, the actually appropriate and yet irritatingly obtrusive product placement (pristine cymbal labels, super-clean Zildjian logo on Andrew's stick bag, etc) got pretty hard to take by the (truly weird) ending.Go see this movie because everybody else thinks it's great, but if you feel funny afterwards maybe this review will offer some comfort that you're not alone.
3 I can see all the unfairness and ridiculousness of being a woman. And it's ugly! It seems natural; but, it had to take a gender role-reverse to see how bad it really is, and how strong women are- going through all the social expectations and s**t. All in a funny way though. I love it. It made me look deep into myself. Great movie!
3 With that being said let's get to the point.There is a MAJOR lack of character and plot development in this movie. Major lack of attention to details. Much of the plot is left out.The majority of the plot rested on Joe Doucett in the beginning to make sure everyone knows he is a jerk. Where the original allowed you to actually feel sorry for the main Character, Dae Su this remake does not allow for this. The main character Joe Doucett is an alcoholic bumbling buffoon of a man that does not even have decent street smarts. He manages to get out of the prison and out into the world, But you do not want him to win, you do not like him he is a JERK. This was a major mistake in my opinion. You can't go into the movie hoping the protagonist drops dead.You don't get to the imprisonment until about minutes into the movie. Then you get Josh Brolin's naked booty forced into your face (no it wasn't pretty), and watch him work out for minutes. The infamous fight scene that everyone loves in the original is badly hacked in the remake. Choreography was TERRIBLE, You watch certain people swinging at the air with a bat for 2 minutes before finally getting hit.Also The Antagonist in the original was shown as suave, cool, calm , collected. Very smart and VERY calculating. From the hypnosis to the bug in the shoes, he was everywhere at once and you knew by the end that everything that everyone else did just played into his crafty little hands. In this remake the antagonist comes off as a High Society sniveling snob, who is getting back at Mr. Doucett because his family was ruined.Now for the kicker. In the original the major twist is prolonged at the end. Giving it major emphasis to the point of Dae Su crawling on the ground barking, and begging to be Woo Jin's bitch In the remake they tried to make it a little more twisted. But the delivery was almost comical while the Antagonist, Adrian sniveled about his "Happy family being ruined" The ending is very short and much left to be desired. While the original left you in doubt in the end wondering if Dea su actually still remembers, this remake takes the easy way out.This movie falls WAY short of the original for what I feel is one main reason. The small details. Where the original took time out to tell you things (IE the gas, the School mascot, etc) This remake fails to do any of that hoping that you will catch on. But it was that attention to detail that made the original the classic that it is.At the end of it all I give this movie a 3 out of 10. Unlike other remakes of recent days this movie can't stand up as a remake or on it's own. It is mediocre at best. Wait for it to hit VHS before watching it. (Yes you read that right VHS not DVD) -DediDFDFW
3 I don't know how I managed to finish watching the first episode, I was bored to death and angry at the same time. Bad acting, cliched and absurd situations, and no comments about the fact the main character just somehow recovered from cancer "just because" (apart from the fact that her supposed disease seemed rather a kind of permanent party, lots of fun and happiness) Please don't waste your time on this, it's an insult to people's intelligence.
3 Unlike most people nowadays where they are sick and tired of these movies especially the Minions, I loved the first Despicable Me when It came out, It has somewhat dated animation and you've seen this sort of story before, but It felt refreshing, smart, funny and at times emotional, the two-time Oscar nominated Despicable Me 2 was not as fantastic as the first but It did Improve as a sequel, had a well crafted plot, well developed characters, It was Interesting and the Minions were still going as always, the Minions movie again not as good as the first movie but was more fun then the sequel for reasons that people may disagree, critics and audiences were mixed about It I generally liked, the choice of music, the characters, the jokes and references were really funny and It was a good prequel to the first movie and yes I did like a little more then Despicable Me 2 but I still liked that too.Now when I heard they will be releasing the third movie this year and I saw the trailer last year, I was really excited to see how they will Improve the franchise even more with better clever writing and characters, even the second trailer looked like It It will still have the family element that the first movie had, after that avoided all the trailers Inlcuding TV spots because If there's something I learned from Smurfs: the Lost Village Is that, the more you show, the more It's gives too much away.So I went and saw It today still really excited and....It was great, It has a Interesting plot, It got some new characters that are pretty Interesting and funny Including Balthazar Bratt voiced by Co-creator of South Park Trey Parker, all the recurring characters are all still good as they are, well most of them.However again, not as fantastic as the first movie, slightly better then the second but on par with Minions, Because there are a couple of things that this movie got a bit of downgrade from, the writing while executed fine, It has far too much going, Gru and his twin brother Dru (both voiced by Steve Carrel) are bonding, the Minions end up In prison, Lucy (voiced by Kristen Wiig) trying to be a better Mum for the girls, Margo, Edith and Agnes, Balthazar Bratt sitting around In his lair and Agnes and Edith try and find a Unicorn.With too much going on, there Is no real plot to this, the most Is Gru meeting his twin brother and trying to stop Balthazar Bratt, It could of been like Toy Story 2 where they only focused on two while a couple slipped but they were kind of short towards, but these drag on although Lucy's sub-plot finishes very quickly and finally the other thing and people will be split with me Is that the Minions were somewhat misleading, In the first two trailers they were just the supporting characters, but In the film and the advertising they are In prison, they are In It for good like 10+ minutes, but they are everywhere In the advertising, sure they are iconic and are mascots for Illumination but they are not In the film often like the other movies, I don't know I just like when the Minions show up they can bring me a good laugh they do here but not as much as before.So as you can tell I'm a bit mixed, the writing Is all over the place and the Minions are not In as much, but It does have okay execution, still great animation, the new and old characters are fun and It was still funny, as a long time Despicable Me fan, this Is not the best In the franchise, but not the weak thus far.I'm giving Despicable Me 3 a 8/10.
3 To begin with, the three men who performed this act of courage deserve all the praise and honor they have received. They stood brave in the face of evil and terrorism and managed to prevent disaster.With that aside, this is truly one of the worst films I have ever seen. There is a scene that takes place in early on in the film that features posters of two of Eastwoods earlier works, Jersey Boys and Letter from Iwo Jima, as well as Stanley Kubrick's Full Metal Jacket. My advice, spend your money renting one of those movies before shelling out the money for a movie ticket for this latest hiccup in Eastwood's otherwise remarkable filmography. It starts with acting and to put it simply, it's just abysmal. Right from the start, the children playing the young heroes just aren't at the quality of what you would expect. The wooden writing doesn't help and plagues the film with countless cringe moments throughout its runtime. Then we move to the heroes themselves, who would have been better served working as consultants for the film to ensure authenticity. They simply aren't good, and nearly every line they delivered was met with a few chuckles from the nearly capacity crowd at my showing. Even if the three were replaced with trained actors, it's hard to see how that would substantially improve the product. The film acts more like a buddy adventure movie for the better part of it's runtime, rather than the heroic thriller that was being advertised. It's incredibly misguided and marks an unfortunate low point in Clint Eastwood's remarkable career. You are better served reading an account of the event than wasting time and money on this dud of movie. A few stars go to the admittedly tense train sequence that serves as the basis for the film and commitment to authenticity that seems to have been maintained based on press tour comments from the actors. 3/10 - Very Bad
3 What a massive disappointment from Herzog. Before this I was a huge Herzog fan, which is why this film is such a bizarre shock. It was as though Werner Herzog had suddenly become a pupil of Josh Boone, which is like Mozart taking lessons from Justin Bieber. Is this some kind of joke? Sadly not. This is an over long, melodramatic, corny idealisation of an aristocratic woman who, having no real responsibilities in life, decides to use her vast wealth to embark on a life long holiday across the desert, because really what else is she do with her time?Throughout the film the main character is idealised, swooned over, worshipped and deferred to. Why? Not because she belongs to the most privileged and powerful class of women on the planet, but because she has a courageous heart and a deep, enigmatic understanding of Arabs.At the end we have some childish moralising about the injustice of the British empire, aptly spoken from one aristocrat to another (without a lick of irony) and then the 'Queen' of the upper classes rides off into the desert to be immortalised as a female idol for generations to come. Not that she actually did anything to help anyone whatsoever.Poorly acted, poorly written, poorly conceptualised and thoroughly boring.
3 Sorry but I grew up living and loving musicals but this is tripe. None of the "stars" are of the expected style or standard. The story is grotesquely poor and without logic. Gosling is pathetic, I kept wanting someone to slam the keyboard cover down on his hands, Stones voice left me praying for a good dose of pharyngitis. In short neither can sing or dance yet the Hollywood promo machine keep telling us how great it is and people believe it. In short i wasted 2 hours, 7 minutes and 3 seconds of my life. For our Australian summer releases it rates nearly as bad as Passengers.Don't bother wasting the ticket money.
3 This movie has a storyline befitting the kind of erotic potboiler that Ekta Kapoor would want to make in Bollywood with a B-grade cast. An woman (Katherine Heigl) leaves no stone unturned while raising hell for her ex-husband's new fiancée for reasons that are mentioned in like ten seconds? Hey, one look at that poster and you should be able to say that this is a no-brainer psycho-ex movie. Rosario Dawson puts up a performance with the kind of earnestness that this film does not deserve, while Heigl tries hard too hard to appear ominous and threatening. Geoff Stults plays the 'typical husband who takes his own sweet time to understand things' in these kind of movies and realization dawns only when he is arguably close to getting whacked on the back of his head. The men in this movie are undeniably a secondary category, with higher significance given to the psychotic ex's propaganda leading to the all-too-predictable cat-fight climax.Writing by Christina Hodson (who's also penning the Bumblebee spin- off) is average at best, while direction is less than impressive. There's in fact very little innovation in the film to recommend to thriller-fanatics.Verdict: Disappointingly predictable!
3 Giving this movie more than 7 stars is like pushing McDonalds for the best restaurant of the world.I liked it so I put 10 stars ? welcome mediocrity.
3 I love Batman. I love anime. I love cheesy anime conversations. But I hate an emptied character and script despite a huge potential.Batman is NEVER about his gadgets. Look at the Arkham Knight game, Red Hood thinks Batman is all about his gadgets and nothing without them, but Batman proves him wrong with his gigantic intellect and training. Granted, he relies on his gadgets on his day-to-day operations. However he never despairs when he loses any of them. On the contrary, he willingly sacrifice his gadgets and tools like they are nothing, because he is the weapon.If anyone says "its's an interpretation of Batman" an interpretation is about nuances, settings, surroundings; not the main subject. If you take what makes Batman out of Batman, it's not an interpretation, it's Dark Knight Rises...Decent artwork though...
3 Great no brainer undercover cop movie with lots of action. Most think it is only a guy movie, but I know several female friends who have really enjoyed it because of the really in shape guys. The motorcycles are great and the cast is first rate for this type of movie. The music is terrific and is hard to find on DVDs even though some of it is by well know artists. The bikers were well researched presenting a close knit "family" which would do anything for each other showing loyalty. The setting in the south is realistic and the props very realistic. Excellent job to the technical crew on all details. Of course with all movies, some of the stunts were a little extreme, but that is the movies.
3 I liked this movie. Yes, the plot is predictable and weak, and in some cases over-familiar. Yes, the script is a bit weak in places. Yes, it is a little lacklustre, and doesn't quite capture the feel good nature of the show. But it is far from the worst movie ever. I really don't know what people were thinking when they gave this film such a low rating. Some of the worst movies I've ever seen, are Home Alone 4, Thomas and the Magic Railroad, Cat in the Hat, Disaster Movie, Epic Movie, Pokemon the First Movie and Batman and Robin, but this film doesn't deserve to belong to this category. On the most part, due to the enthusiastic performances of the cast, it was quite entertaining. John Goodman was born to play Fred. He looks the part, and put a lot of much-needed enthusiasm into the role. Rick Moranis is fine as Barney, very like what I imagine him. The prequel is probably better, but Mark Addy and Stephen Baldwin don't quite fit the bill as Goodman and Moranis. I also liked Elizabeth Perkins and Rosie O'Donnell as Wilma and Betty. As the villains, Kyle McLachan and Halle Berry play their clichéd characters more than adequately. I do miss Elizabeth Taylor when she was pretty, but she was game as Wilma's mother, though not quite in the same league as Joan Collins in the prequel. The sets and costumes are spot on, and the design of Dino was superb. All in all, I liked this movie, it's not perfect, but it is far from the worst movie I have ever seen. 6/10 Bethany Cox.
3 The screenplay mechanisms which lay out the overall story (space boy wants to live on earth and meet up with pen-pal girl and unknown father) are consistently forced, clunky, and a distraction to the point of being groan-worthy. A little more behavioral (her portrayal of anger and angst, et al., was over the top) and physiological realism (his repeated on-screen sprinting, his bone-strengthening 'operation,' et al., were a joke) would have given the story more credibility. All the casting, special effect, locational ingredients were in place, but were wasted for the lack of a believable and more seamless script. Films that fall considerably short like this make one realize how very special those movies are that are able to put all the movie making elements together and entertain the eye, heart, and intellect.P.S. This movie will most certainly be viewed by and be appealing to young impressionistic teens, and to the extent that the content of movies seeps into their subconscious and affects future behavior, the multiple carefree auto thefts with no consequence, and more particularly the glorified attempted suicide-by-drowning scene at the end were very poor, unnecessary, and irresponsible story-line choices.
5 HONEY, WE SHRUNK OURSELVES, in my opinion, is an absolutely wild and wacky sci-fi comedy that you will surely enjoy. If you ask me, the cockroach was the scariest of all the dangers in the house. Also, Wayne (Rick Moranis) really was an absent-minded scientist. Don't get me wrong, but I thought that it was funny when he told Diane (Eve Gordon) that he shrunk himself, his brother (Stuart Pankin), and his wife (Robin Bartlett). In conclusion, if you like Rick Moranis or hilarious sci-fi comedies, I highly recommend this absolutely wild and wacky adventure that you will surely enjoy. You're in for a good time if you haven't seen it, so be prepared!
5 I was finally able to screen the newest adventure from Warner Bros. and DC Comics Films, "Superman Returns," starring relative unknown Brandon Routh in the role the late Christopher Reeve rode to stardom upon.Now, some 28 years after Richard Donner's classic "Superman" hit the big screen, director Bryan Singer ("X-Men," "X-Men 2"), with a trillion dollar budget, tries his hand at helming the ultimate graphic novel adventure.Sadly, Singer is no Donner.While wonderful to look at, and sometimes interesting to ponder, this newest version of the saga of the Man of Steel leaves one with an impressive vapidity; a passive disinterest and an emotional detachment which overwhelms one with a cold, empty feeling.In an effort to do what last year's "Batman Begins" did to the Caped Crusader franchise  bring a new dark, brooding vitality to the series, "Superman Returns" succeeds only in making one wish for the deft hand of Donner, as well as the acting ability of Reeves, Margot Kidder (as Lois Lane), Ned Beatty (as a stupidly evil henchman, Otis) and especially Gene Hackman (as the best Lex Luthor ever).The plot takes place supposedly five years after the action in Superman II (from 1981), when scientists discovered proof of such a world, Superman journeyed there (evidently without telling anyone of his plans) to find if it was possibly a living planet. It wasn't so now he's back  but things have changed in his absence.Mainly, that his love interest, Lois Lane (Kate Bosworth, "Win A Date With Tad Hamilton"), is involved with the nephew of Daily Planet editor-in-chief Perry White, Richard (James Marsden, who played Scott Summer/Cyclops in the "X-Men" films) and they now have a young son about five-years-old.He won't let go, however, even flying to her mansion to spy on and stalk her  in a very unSuperman-like scene.Despite that last heartbreak, it's Lane's famous "Daily Planet" editorial, "Why The World Doesn't Need Superman," for which she will collect a Pulitzer Prize (huh?), that really stings Clark/Man of Steel.That's one of the first problems I had with this version. In the first two films (nothing matters after part two), Superman saved Lane's life at least four times (from a helicopter plummeting of a skyscraper; from being buried alive in the desert; from a plunging elevator in the Eiffel Tower; and from going over the cliff at Niagara Falls. After all of that, she writes an article saying no one NEEDS him anymore?!Then, in a nice bit of CGI work, the powerful hero rescues her again (from a plane plunging to earth), stopping the craft from crashing nose-first on the infield of a Major League baseball stadium. It's truly an awesome scene.Meanwhile, in the frozen North, evil madman Luthor (Kevin Spacey, Academy Award winner for "The Usual Suspects" and "American Beauty") is out of prison and raiding Superman's Fortress of Solitude, making off which his collection of priceless crystals.Routh is handsome all right, and looking close enough to Reeve (except his eyes are CGI'd blue from their natural brown) to keep us comfortable (his voice, though, is creepily similar to the late actor); so I have no real problem with him in the lead role.Likewise, Sam Huntington as bumbling photographer Jimmy Olson, was adequately goofy in comic relief; while Frank Langella (as blustery Perry White) is good in just about any role he plays (see "Dracula" and "Dave" for proof of this).The inclusion of Jack Larson (the original Jimmy Olson in the 1950s series), and Noel Neill (who played one of the Lois Lanes in that show) in cameo roles as a bartender and a rich, dying widow, respectively, was also a nice touch.The other parts, however, do concern me. Bosworth is just too spineless and ineffective to be a hard-nosed reporter for a major newspaper, as well as the only real confidant our hero has in his life. To me, the spunky Parker Posey (who portrays Kitty Kowalski, Luthor's gun moll) would have made a much better Lois.As for Spacey as Luthor, well, to me, he just is not evil enough. Gene Hackman had a deliciously devious demeanor, coupled with a madman's desire to rule the world  with basically realistic plans to do so. Spacey seems more of an annoyance than a real threat.Another crime this movie commits, is that it goes on and on  at least 20 minutes after it should have concluded. Now there will be fans out there who will no doubt blast me for this opinion, claiming how I dare I compare the 1978 and '81 films to this one.To those detractors, I simply say that this new picture invites comparisons, utilizing the same opening credits, the same theme song, archival footage of Marlon Brando (as Jor-El, speaking dialogue from the original film), even the same scene where Superman flies Lois around New York (the only thing missing is Kidder's corny voice-over).
5 This comedy flick is about a spoiled Jewish-American woman Judy Benjamin (Goldie Hawn) who joins the Army after her new husband dies right on their wedding night during sex and duped by sneaky recruiting Sgt. Jim Ballard (Harry Dean Stanton) convinces her that military life to be glamorous, she gets a rude wake up call in boot camp after getting in trouble constantly, especially by Judy's hard-nosed superior officer Capt. Doreen Lewis (Eileen Brennan) prompting her to want a quit the Army, but then Judy has a change of heart and decides to stick it out leading her to a series of adventures that eventually lead her to a promotion and a transfer to Paris, France.The entire cast is outstanding, but especially Hawn who lights up the screen with her charm and beauty. Goldie Hawn is made for this kind of role, and as usual delivers the goods. There are some genuinely 'laugh out loud' moments as she struggles to adapt and make friends. Unfortunately the film seems to run out of steam half way through. Whereas the first half is true comedy, the second half has very little in the way of humor to offer. Having met a French gynecologist who she falls for, she wangles a posting to Paris to be with him. This is where the humor disappears as Judy leaves the army to be with him and he turns out to be a control freak that turns Judy into a clone of his ex girlfriend. It's almost like watching two separate films. I think it would have been better if the whole movie was her in the army not broken into basically two parts one distinctly comedic and the other a love story. Still, despite some glaring flaws, Private Benjamin is a good movie with a good story to tell. Unfortunately, what was probably a pretty daring look at gender rolls for its time has gotten really stale. If you overlook that, though, the movie is very entertaining.Overall rating: 8 out of 10.
5 This movie proves that foreign directors are perfectly capable of putting out soulless Hollywood crap too. This movie has nothing to say about Brazil, nothing to say about the rise of crime in Rio's shantytowns, and ultimately nothing to say about any of its characters. And to make things even worse, it ruins almost every dramatic scene by applying utterly pointless fastmo/stop sequences, the should-be-banned-forever shakycam, and the super-annoying fastcut MTV style edits that not only suck, but are hopelessly dated. The only people this movie will impress are film-critics and Tarantino-wannabes.I won't waste your time with the story since you've seen it in about 100 movies before this one. Nothing intrinsically wrong with telling a boys from the hood gangster story, but its just not in and of itself strong enough to carry the movie. Lil'Dice grows up to be a big boss then gets killed. Yawn. Rocket escapes poverty (I guess) by becoming a reporter. Snore. A bunch of other guys get killed before we have any chance to figure out who they are. Zzzzzz.The music is buried in the background for the most part, and when it takes center stage, it's often stuff like "Kung Fu Fighting" which sounds more like Hollywood shorthand for "the 70s" than any real attempt to capture what favela kids were listening to back then. I swear it feels like this movie was scored by an American right down to the rustic types playing their little guitars on the street.The acting is fine but can't escape the one-dimensional writing. The Tender Trio are amiable thugs whose roles in this movie are completely superfluous. Lil Dice is 100% bad, Rocket is 100% good, and Benny is so underwritten that we don't really care what, if anything, motivates him. The one character who might have acquired some depth (and around whom the entire movie should have been built) is Knockout Ned, a bus driver who turns into a murderous gangster. He, more than anyone else in this movie, embodies everything that went wrong in the favelas in the 80s--a deadly combination of ex-military and drug gangsters, with the military guys supplying the connections for heavy firearms, the organization to mold the drug warlords armies, and the training to shoot to kill rather than simply spray bullets around. Knockout Ned is portrayed as a "hero" of course, even though so many of his kind were anything but heros, taking advantage (and often creating) the total anarchy of the favelas in order to grow rich and powerful. The cinematography often makes this film all but unwatchable. Fast cuts, speedups, filter shots, the abysmal strobe-light sequence on the dancefloor. All of this is crap and totally kills every scene where its employed. The one great scene in this movie (where Lil Dice shoots one of the "runts" in the foot, then forces another young kid to decide which of the two "runts" to kill) is devastatingly effective because it doesn't use any crap film tricks at all. It's a tense, realistically portrayed scene shot at medium distance which manages in a few minutes to show just how the mindlessly violent generation of the 90s came into being. If the whole movie had been like this, it would have earned all the critical praise heaped on it.But of course, the whole movie isn't like this because the director is too busy showing off his technique to worry much about how the scenes connect. Copying Tarantino's style of putting little titles up for each segment, he seems to utterly forget what story he's telling, jumping around from character to character, and even short flashback loops like the whole "apartment" sequence that he seems to think build dramatic tension whereas all they really do is shout "hey, look at how cool this narrative technique is!" It might be cooler if we hadn't seen the same "Lil Dice takes over another dealer's turf" sequences so many other places. And all the praise about how "realistic" this is must be coming from critics who think Quentin's films are realistic because almost all the violence is as perfunctory and fake as any movie coming out of Hollywood these days. In the end, this feels as plastic and stylized as any gangster rock video, and carries the same emotional weight.In short, a real disappointment. Essentially a tired American gangsters from the hood movie shot with a Brazilian setting.
5 Not something you see everyday, trust me. Part pubescent teen drama, part authentic horror and part whimsical fantasy. Do they all blend together to create an original piece of indie magic? Unfortunately not. A young girl is raised in captivity residing in a remote woodland cabin. She is discovered and must adjust to modern culture whilst on a journey of self-discovery. The initial hurdle that the film needed to jump was originality. It being an contemporary indie flick allowed the art to come forward and convey themes of motherhood and maturity in creative ways. However, despite the best of intentions it was all too familiar with inconsistent narrative tonality. 'Mama' meets 'Room' would be an apt description for the plot. Taking the fairytale horror from the former and embedding it into dramatic scope from the latter. The two didn't blend, at all. The separation from the first half to the second half was resolute. A simple *click* and the narrative shifts as if we are watching two short films consecutively. For what it's worth, both halves were independently engaging. The fantasy horror elements were produced with authentic makeup and succinct gore while the dramatic character development was thoroughly explored. A fantastically committed central performance from Powley who was enigmatic throughout. Wouldn't be surprised if she turned vegetarian after this. Tyler on the other hand, not so much. I just find her weak in everything. She lacks the "oomph" required to elevate the drama. The most unconvincing sheriff ever. Some character relationships, particularly Anna and Ray, were underdeveloped and came across as rushed. I wasn't invested in the chemistry thus consequently resulting in me becoming disinterested in the metaphorical subtext that Böhm attempted to convey. I always say indie films are hit and miss with me, sadly this is a miss. By all means a well produced flick with some interesting genre blends, just bites off more of the hamburger than it can chew. What can I say, not every film is to my taste.
5 The story of MUTE is not a science-fiction-, it is a Vietnam-story, informed by the M*A*S*H-franchise. If it were set in the early 1970s and in Thailand, many annoying details that are just wrong would fall right into place. This is where it belongs. The gratuitous SF-masquerade is only an inane gimmick, it turns the plot itself into a fish out of water. "Cactus Bill" and "Duck" (Paul Rudd & Justin Theroux), two US army surgeons who deserted from their military unit during a war in an Asian country, are even still dressed for the 1970s.The CGI-look of Berlin in 2052, praised by an astounding amount of shills, is a complete rehash of ideas from the 1970s and 1980s, predominantly mimicking the vision of 2019 Los Angeles in "Blade Runner". Back then it was of course unique and amazing, but it was also far from being prophetic. The L.A. of today doesn't look like the one imagined in 1982 at all. On top of this MUTE's production designers still think that nothing says "future" better that neon signs ("Neon lights, shimmering neon lights", Kraftwerk, 1978) and nothing says "Berlin" better than graffiti scribblings. This is just lazy and tacky. While "Blade Runner" is still great, MUTE was born as and will always be kitsch. Some people will hate it, others will like it - "Kitsch is a beautiful word" (Barry Ryan, 1970). Whatever. The main reason for the praising of MUTE is a bunch of stale stereotypes, really.40-year-old Leo (Alexander Skarsgard), who is mute since an accident in his childhood, hasn't learned yet to really cope with his handicap. Most of the time he looks awkward, gawky, insecure. In MUTE's 2052 it would only take minutes to give him back his voice. Author and director Duncan Jones' cop-out: Leo is a devout Amish - even though he is not living in an Amish community and is working as a bartender at a strip club. That's not how Amishness works, Mr. Jones.Leo drives a Mercedes-Benz built in 1972. It still can't fly.Leo's weapon of choice is a bedpost. At this point it should be clear to everyone that Mr. Jones is just joshing with his audience.MUTE will make it in every top ten list about stupid decisions villains make when they are going to kill the hero.The mise-en-scène is sluggish, the characters are as unappealing as the anachronistic story lines. This movie is a complete train wreck. Duncan Jones has dedicated it to his father, David Bowie. That's a sacrilege.What is wrong with this picture? Everything.
5 This movie in itself is not exactly bad. It looks alright, has some OK gore, decent acting for the most part, some slightly interesting characters. It doesn't suck. But as a origin story to one of horror's biggest icons? Eeeh, yeah. It's not great.Actually, right off the bat the biggest problem with this movie strikes me. When you're making an origin story to such a famous character, you should make sure that the story you make up and make into a movie is really awesome. Unfortunately, it's not. We see Leatherface's family and stuff, and it's just meh. The opening scene is just not very interesting. What follows though, isn't bad. They have some kind of story to tell here, not relying too much on TCM- lore, and I thought it was somewhat entertaining.You wouldn't have to cut a lot here to make this movie totally unrecognizable as a Leaterface origin-story, though. That's a shame. And it's also pretty tame, I'm sorry to say. Actually really tame. Like I said initially, the origin story to such a gruesome character should really be a lot more horrific, gruesome and ghastly. It's not. It's pretty watered down. I think the die hard fans of Leatherface will be disappointed with this. But who knows, I may be wrong.
5 I've been interested in this title since I heard about it midway through last year. I checked the rating before seeing it and was very pleased to see an 'R'. This meant that they were going to do more than just explore his origins, but actually show us some of the good stuff as well (at least that's what I thought it meant). Turns out I was very wrong and I frankly have no idea how this film attained the rating it did. It doesn't make any sense.Something I've noticed about serial killer origin movies is that they all feel almost exactly the same. They all seem obsessed with showing the animal torture and murder side of things like it's something ground-breaking. It's not. In fact it's fast becoming a cliche. I wanted a lot more from this film. I wanted it to be darker and I wanted more of a conclusion, rather than just a lead up to the start of it all. The film just comes across very "meh". I could see a documentary being a lot more exciting way to get this information across than what we got here. The one bright point of the movie was Ross Lynch's performance in the lead role. Without blowing anyone away he held his own and did what needed to be done. Other than that though there isn't a whole lot to see here.
5 I was looking forward to this movie, and was really disappointed. Here are my reasons for my 5/10 rating.1. The acting was poor. I think Jessica Chastain was honestly the best one, and Tom Hiddleston was fine, but Mia OH MY. She felt so wooden and she just didn't give good emotion. She just really didn't seem that scared either. It was like "oh well, I suppose I should get out of this house now." Charlie wasn't that great either. I'm wondering if the acting though was due to the next issue.2. Terrible script/dialogue. Some of it just downright didn't make any sense and it was utterly cringe worthy. It was terrible delivery. Another thing that I definitely cringed at and found strange was at the house when she thought she saw someone. She was calling out for Thomas' sister and then when Thomas came in she said she saw someone. When he asked her if it was his sister, she said "no it wasn't her." She couldn't even see who it was so how would she know if it was her or not? Stupid.3. Predictable plot. I actually could have gotten past the first two gripes, but the plot pretty much ruined. I pretty much saw everything coming.Out of all of this though, I did find it touching that .In the end, so disappointing! Could have been a great movie but it wasn't. What a wasted use of potential and probably the most disappointing movie this year that I have seen. It is sad to see a movie that could have been great fall to mediocrity.
5 It's of course ridicules to call this movie a bad one but as far as so called new wave French movies go, this isn't the best example of it, in my opinion.Can't really see how people can call this one of the most powerful and emotional drama's ever made, unless you perhaps had a tough youth yourself and can identify yourself with its young main character. Perhaps it's also due to the fact that it is of course being placed in a totally different time period, at also a different country and culture but personally I couldn't really place myself in his shoes because throughout the movie he's doing some things that I can't see myself ever doing or saying to someone.But this is perhaps also one of the powers of the movie, at the same time. It's not showing things and people as just black and white, good or bad but it more shows that nobody is truly a good or a bad person. Sometimes it are certain circumstances that force us to do things in order to 'survive' in this world. Whether or not you like it, you sometimes have to do things you know you're later going to regret.In that regard this is a quite good random slice of life, or a coming of age movie. You could take the movie both these ways really, since it for a change is a movie that entirely focuses on its young main character and tells the entire story from his perspective. It's an original but also risky approach to the genre, that in this case did work out, also really thanks to Jean-Pierre Léaud, who plays the young boy.So it all in all really remains a well put together movie, by François Truffaut, that just didn't really ever got to me at a more emotional level. Extra praise should be send Truffaut's way though, since this movie actually was his first full length movie and he made at a quite a young age as well. Definitely not a bad first movie by him, though thankfully still he and his movies grew better over the years.7/10http://bobafett1138.blogspot.com/
5 Daniel Radcliffe stars in Beast Of Burden, a movie about a dishonorably discharged Air Force pilot (Sean Haggerty) who is flying a Cessna filled with contraband from Mexico and into the USA. It becomes apparent early on that while he is flying for a Mexican drug cartel he is also cooperating with the DEA who offered him a spot in the witness protection program and funding for the medical treatment of his wife who is seriously ill. This is basically the premise of the movie even though the plot thickens when the landing plans are changed and the DEA wants to intercept the shipment. Most of the movie occurs in the cockpit of the Cessna and with Haggerty receiving phone calls from his wife, his cartel contact and the agent he is working for. Whilst the movie was promising in the beginning it starts dragging half way through and becomes less believable near the end. At times the movie tries to resemble Locke (with Tom Hardy) but the material here is not engaging enough to continue throughout the whole film. The ending takes the movie down even further and it appears very lazily written with a tied hostage left alone in the vehicle, driving herself, escaping her kidnappers and then helping her husband. The acting by Radcliffe is fine but the rest of the cast is not really memorable as they have no real screen time or character. Overall a weak 5/10.
5 The one famous gaffe people point out in this film is when a small boy can be seen plugging his ears just before Eva Marie Saint brings her café conversation with Cary Grant to a sudden end. Another gaffe, just as egregious and apparent but not nearly as commented on, is when Cary and Eva, clutching an incriminating statute, are rock-climbing around a quartet of famous presidential heads until a bad guy suddenly appears and leaps upon him. Whereupon the surprised, backward-falling Cary has the presence of mind to hand the statute to Eva, who takes his from him whilst in mid-scream. Do me a favor and read that last sentence again. What director today would allow such a scene past the editing room?But it just doesn't matter: IMDB voters at this writing have placed the 44-year-old `North By Northwest' ahead of all but 18 movies ever made, including 14 which have nothing to do with Frodo Baggins or Darth Vader. That's pretty damn impressive. What the hell were they thinking? The only Hitchcock movie they rate higher is "Rear Window;" I can think of at least seven or eight Hitchcocks I'd rank over "North By Northwest." [None of them are "Rear Window."]The truth is this film is so popular because it is so good. Not great, but very, very good, in a way that anticipates a lot of the direction of mass entertainment to come and thus speaks to people in a way `Vertigo' or `Strangers On A Train' do not. People talk about how forward thinking "Psycho" is, and it is, but more directors took note of the just-as-clever-but-more-mainstream approach of "North By Northwest." The last four decade have been chock full of flicks serving up suspense, sex, changing locales, and plot twists that play with viewers' expectations, all the while keeping the laughs coming. It's not like "North By Northwest" invented this formula, but it perfected and distilled it into an essence that is imitated, with varying success, to this day.Cary Grant plays slick adman Roger Thornhill, who gets mistaken for a fugitive named Kaplan and finds himself on the run from a slew of bad guys, led by James Mason at his smug and oily peak as Vandamme. Martin Landau makes his first memorable appearance as Mason's nastiest henchman Leonard (1959 was good to him, as "Plan Nine From Outer Space" premiered that year as well), suspicious, ruthless, and probably gay. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but it was 1959 and that was a little daring.Daring also is Eva Marie Saint's Eve Kendall, a woman who uses sex, as Thornhill puts it, "the way some people use a flyswatter." Her repartee with Thornhill shows just how erotic two people just talking to each other can be. It also provides further evidence Hitchcock's writers didn't go out on many dates. (Kendall: "I'm a big girl." Thornhill: "Yeah, and in all the right places." And she KISSES him for it!)The film does chug slowly at the outset, building suspense but also bugging you a bit as the plot gears grind while Thornhill is being pushed through his early paces, right until his moment at the UN. About the time we find ourselves with Thornhill in the cornfield, the picture starts to pick up a serious head of steam, and never loses it all the way to the final, famous tunnel shot. Actually, I like the penultimate scene between Grant and Saint, an elegant and witty way of resolving that most tried-and-true device, the cliffhanger.As with most of Hitchcock's 50s fare, elegance is behind much of what makes this movie so great. `North By Northwest' manifests an elegance in dress, decor, language, music, and lighting that represents the best of its era while giving the picture a timeless character all the same. Hitchcock's camera movements are very subtle yet brilliant, as during Mason's entrance and Grant's hide-and-seek game around the train. Everyone has perfect hair, lounges about in gowns and jackets, and you never think it should be otherwise.Grant isn't my favorite actor, but he's smooth enough for the central role when he's not doing that bad Foster Brooks impression behind the wheel of the car. [I docked the movie one point just for that.] His best scene may be at the auction, though he projects real fear in the cornfield. Saint is simply splendid, nailing every line as she walks a tightrope and plays her character's motives close to her décolletage. Hitchcock seemed to lose his ability to direct female actors, and not merely bask in them, with the advent of color, but Saint is one blonde bombshell that gives us a sense of brains and personality behind her mystery.There's logic gaps in this movie, and bad process shots, but it's an amazing ride all the same, more amazing because it's done with smoke and mirrors and without apologies. You ask the questions and figure out the loopholes only after you walk away, because the movie doesn't let you up much while you are watching it. Hitchcock made other, more challenging movies that attested to his rare vision as an artist, but this is maybe his purest exercise in the craft of good filmmaking. That's why `North By Northwest' has remained so high in people's estimations. Whatever the errors, it's hard not feeling good about that.
5 A visual Tour De Force that gets lost in its own complex world, Inception stars Leonardo DiCaprio as Dom Cobb; a rogue 'extractor' who steals elements of dreams and sells them to the highest bidder, all in the name of corporate espionage. But things start to go drastically wrong when Cobb takes on a seemingly impossible job and his dead wife turns up to make trouble.Ingenious but convoluted, Inception may not be to everyone's taste – but it is undoubtedly a Chris Nolan picture; the same man who gave us Memento, The Prestige and of course, The Dark Knight. The problem is that for all the slick visuals and clever narrative structures, we end up with something cold, clinical and frustratingly diffuse.Why Inception falters, and I appreciate that I may be in the minority, is that for such a surreal and imaginative concept to work, it requires an equally surreal and imaginative mind, and Nolan is just too conservative and too technical for the content. It might have made a more interesting film had it been directed by P.T Anderson or, dare I say it, Terry Gilliam.
5 I was quite looking forward to this movie, having seen the trailer, I thought it looked promising. It started well enough, with Laura (Alycia Debnam-Carey) meeting Marina (Liesl Ahlers), who is new at the school, feeling a bit sorry for her and seeing that Marina has no Facebook friends, Laura accepts her friend request. It is quickly apparent that Marina is a bit strange and is practically stalking Laura. Laura decides to unfriend Marina and that's when thing's take a turn for the worse. It's here that the movie turns a bit flat and is pretty much like any other run of the mill horror. A few predictable jumps here and there and thats about it. Liesl Ahlers is perfectly cast as 'the creepy girl' but we have all seen this movie before and it offers nothing fresh at all.
5 Mary (Taraji P. Henson) is a hit woman working for an organized crime family in Boston, whose life is completely turned around when she meets a young boy whose path she crosses when a professional hit goes bad. Taraji P. Henson gives a good perfomance in Proud Mary next to a talented cast of talented people like Neal McDonough, Xander Berkeley, Rade Serbedzija and Danny Glover unfortunately the film tries to be the next Leon meets John Wick and it fails on both sides since the little kid's character reminded me alot of the kid from Robocop 2 and that wasn't a good character to begin with and neither is the kid from this film and also Henson's character has little time to shine in the movie and when it does it ends faster than it begun also i wish that the rest of the Cast did something as well except to die in like 5 or 15 minutes. Overall not a bad film but not a great one either. (5/10)
5 One lesson I've learned is to not read online reviews before I go see a film as I did not find this movie to be half as bad as the people on this site claim. After reading that this movie was not even worth renting and that it was the worst film ever made and then seeing it, I didn't think it came close to any of those opinions.It was far from perfect, but as far as entertainment value I was satisfied. It kept up a good pace with semi-interesting twists and turns. I even found myself to be holding onto my seat at times wondering what was gonna happen next.This movie was 10 times better than something like Sex and The City part 2 or Eat, Pray, Love. I suggest checking it out for yourself and not listening to the scathing reviews on this site.
5 Lucas may have problems as a director and writer, but I've always thought that those flaws are balanced by his great storytelling ability. The problem with "The Phantom Menace" is that he simply has no story to tell. The film merely adds an introductory chapter to a story that has already been told, and stretches it out into a two-hour movie. It is no accident that prequels of this kind are rare. They are very difficult to make properly. And apparently he's just not a sophisticated enough filmmaker to pull it off.For one thing, this project is limited by the fact that anyone familiar with the first trilogy knows the story's outcome, and it therefore lacks some of the suspense associated with a gradually unfolding saga. More importantly, however, this situation leaves Lucas with very little freedom as a storyteller. It also encourages him to gloss over key events; because their outcome is a foregone conclusion, he forgets to bring them to life.For example, we know there will eventually be a romance between Anakin and Padme. So Lucas has the two characters meet here and--surprise, surprise--they seem to like each other. Their developing friendship isn't portrayed that clearly, and their motivations for becoming close aren't explained. Because Lucas fails to make scenes like these believable, we can't help being conscious of how he's manipulating the plot in his effort to connect the two trilogies. Another good example of this problem is Anakin's portrayal as a potential Jedi. There doesn't appear to be anything about this kid remotely out of the ordinary, even though the other characters keep talking like there is. Our only reason for thinking he's special is that the plot requires it.If the story fails to be engaging, it is because we never see the important events. Lucas makes a fatal error in not showing what's happening on Naboo, the small planet whose capture is the focus of the plot. Numerous atrocities are supposedly being committed against the planet's inhabitants, but we only know about this because the characters on screen refer to the events, usually rather woodenly.The deadpan performances are a problem in themselves, but they only highlight our lack of involvement in the story. Think of Han Solo sweating in fear, then think of the emotional vacuums passing for characters in this film. Whenever any of the characters do express emotion, as in the scene where Anakin and his mom part, it still seems awfully restrained. Somehow, Lucas manages to keep the emotional reactions of his characters to a minimum, which gives the film an almost mechanical feel.It's true that "A New Hope" never showed Alderaan's inhabitants, but we still could feel the tragedy of the planet's destruction through the horrified reactions of Princess Leia and Obi Wan. Moreover, there were many other involving events which we witnessed directly, such as the slaying of rebels at the beginning; the capture and torture of the princess; and the murder of Luke's foster parents. Furthermore, the major plot elements were intriguing in and of themselves. They weren't there merely to show us how they were to be linked to later events, which seems to be the case with the new film.I suspect that Lucas was not as concerned in the first trilogy with what had to happen later in the story and was therefore able to focus his attention on the events at hand. The weakest segment was "Return of the Jedi," which had the task of bringing the story to an end. Only then did Lucas start to show signs of forcing plot points. In "The Phantom Menace," he gets so bogged down in the task of bringing his story from point A to point B that he ends up with only the bare bones of a plot, and none of it comes alive.This is especially true of the characterization. In the old trilogy, characters like Yoda and Han reveal distinct personalities in their first few minutes on screen. This film goes for more than two hours and the characters, including the familiar ones, come off vague and nondescript. We aren't given much of a chance to experience their personalities in the way they interact. We must take Qui Gon's word for it when he describes Obi Wan as "headstrong." What's most odd is that the cartoons seem better developed than the humans. The scenes where Qui Gon negotiates with the birdlike slave-owner Watto are amusing and well-done--probably the movie's best scenes aside from the stunning action sequences--but they can't hold a candle to the constant interactions throughout the first trilogy.One thing I cannot do is accuse the film of lacking creativity. The design of the creatures, the technologies, and the planets is impressive. Watching the film is sort of like reading a children's book that isn't very good but abounds with beautiful illustrations. There is certainly a "wow" factor in the movie's visuals, but the effect of it is short-lived.I get irked when I hear fans talk as though the "Star Wars" movies were never about anything beyond special effects. While the inventive visuals are part of what made the originals so revolutionary, they're not what made the films so fun to watch. And in no way can they explain the trilogy's continuing popularity today. After all, many of the original effects look primitive by today's standards, and their novelty has certainly worn off. Only an enduring and compelling storyline could have allowed the first three films to become the classics they're almost universally acknowledged to be.
5 I might be one of the few people on this planet that saw this over Black Panther. Sorry.I really enjoy Aardman's work, especially from shows like "Shaun the Sheep" and "Wallace & Gromit". Their claymation is unique, the slapstick is inventive, the British wit is keen, the characters are endearing and the stories are funny. Only a few of these qualities could describe Early Man, a movie that's pleasant and wacky enough but felt rather uninspired. Which pains me, because I know Aardman could do better.What are the positives? First off, the claymation has the same offbeat charm as almost every Aardman film ever, so expect that. A few of the gags are inventive and got some giggles outta me (like the replay footage in a soccer game is a literal puppet show. Whenever the caveman team wins, the puppeteers wildly exaggerate what happened.). Some of the details of how the caveman live their lives was amusing. The pig was adorable and the end picks up it's pace with an entertaining soccer game. Nick Park has a knack for world-building, and this was no different.But I think that's where the main positives end. What shocked me the most was how formulaic the story was, since you could predict what EVERY SINGLE PLOT POINT was if you've seen enough animated movies. Some of the gags are clever and quirky, but a good chunk of them are also lazy and tired. It seems to rely on dumb puns ("looks like the caveman caved!") and overused physical humor over actually ingenious sight gags. The "look at that caveman! He's so dumb!" running gag got old after the first 15 minutes and any chances for good absurdist humor (giant man-eating duck) lost its steam along the way. The CGI backgrounds look tacky and dull compared to the claymation, so it doesn't fit. The characters are likeable but also stereotypical (hero wants to save land, villain loves money, love interest is good at soccer, chief leader is cautious, sidekicks are dumb yet useful), just like the majority of this movie.But it's not a painful watch. It's sometimes funny and amusing, but with every good moment you still have a thin premise, predictable plot and cliches to move the story forward as an amiable but weak experience. It's the type of movie you could show your kids on a Sunday afternoon or on an airplane, but the eccentricity, wit and creativity just isn't enough to make it worth seeing by yourself in a theater. You might smile, but it won't stick to your mind. It's not painfully average, but it isn't Wallace and Gromit. 5.5/10I love that Shaun the Sheep 2 teaser though!
5 Assassins creed is a pretty straightforward franchise. Its about historical conflicts, and cool dudes that run around taking out major targets whilst doing awesome parkour. I'm not a huge fan of the games (I've only ever played IV) but as someone who is into history, I was pretty stoked for this movie. On top of that, Assassins Creed is also a reunion For Justin Kurzel, Michael Fassbender, and Marion Cotillard; who all worked on the most recent version of Macbeth, which I absolutely loved. My expectations for this movie were high. So high, in fact, that I disregarded the overwhelming onslaught of hate that came in the wake of the movie's early screenings. Boy, was I wrong. Justin Kurzel is a great director. He has a gift in his manipulation of fog, dust, and light. He did great things in Macbeth, especially with the final confrontation, and he does similarly great things here...at least when the screenplay permits it. The setting that I had most looked forward to; fifteenth century Spain, at the height of the inquisition, barely gets 30 minutes of screen time, if that. The ferocious beauty that Kurzel's visual style brings to the table is never given time to become the prepossessing masterpiece I know it could have become. The epic acrobatics, tense sequences of martial arts combat, and exotic weaponry scarcely sink in before the viewers, just like Callum Lynch, are jerked back to a monotone and boring laboratory, that serves as the setting for most of the movie. At one point in the film, when the villainous Templar priest finally lays his oppressive hands on the apple of Eden, the movie's sought after artifact, Aguilar, and his Assassin partner leap down into a cloud of grey smoke, emerging from the shadows here, and there, laying absolute waste to the Templar. This is a moment of cinematic triumph, and Kurzel ought to be pleased. Next however, as Aguilar seizes the priest, he looks across the room, and sees his partner just as she is murdered by a Templar enforcer. An epic duel ensues. Climactic combat is Fassbender's forte. The man shows his emotions so well with his facial expressions. This woman is his wife, presumably, or his lover perhaps. However, I have no idea who she is; heck, i don't even know what her name is. The movies plot prevents you from being emotionally invested in the most adrenaline pumping part of the story, because the script focuses on what has to be the most positively tedious plot device in Assassins Creed.This movie was Ubisoft's chance to disconnect the Assassins Creed franchise from the half-baked convoluted sci-fi plot devices that are part and parcel of the games. Instead, the film chooses to be a movie that is almost solely, a half baked-convoluted plot device, with a dash of fantastic stunt work on the side.I am usually pretty optimistic after a movie. It takes very little to please me. My rating scale tends to peak at "perfect", and reach its low at "just good". I'm sad to say that I wanted Assassin's Creed to end. Once I realized that there were no more animus sequences coming my way, I had no reason to care anymore. This was not, sitting on the edge of my seat, or wishing the film would hurry up and get to the climax. I legitimately wanted the movie to be over, so the credits would roll, and I could get up and leave. Assassin's Creed is a tragedy. So much talent was involved, and clearly, plenty of hard work went into it. A few times, Kurzel's pictorial virtuosity is allowed to shine through the weary and trite plot, but for the most part, it is suppressed by how vapid and incomplete everything else is. It is a pity. Assassins Creed was chock full of potential, but it couldn't have fallen more short.
5 This is a fine example of the kind of mystery that little old ladies  from Pasadena (or Russell Square) adore. Perhaps Arsenic and Old Lace  (1944) starring Cary Grant might be comparable in its gentile and  bloodless ability to glue us to the screen.  This is certainly one of Hitchcock's best, but most of the credit must  go to a devilishly clever play written by Frederick Knott from which  the movie was adapted. (He also wrote Wait Until Dark (1967) starring  Audrey Hepburn.) Hitchcock does a good job in not tinkering  unnecessarily with the material. He also has the exquisitely beautiful  Grace Kelly to play the part of Margot Wendice.  Ray Milland plays, with a kind of high-toned Brit panache, her  diabolical husband, Tony Wendice, a one-time tennis star who married  mostly for security. John Williams is the prim and proper Chief  Inspector Hubbard. He lends to the part a bit of Sherlock Holmesian  flair. One especially liked his taking a moment to comb his mustache  after the case is solved. Robert Cummings, unfortunately plays Margot's  American boyfriend as inventively as a sawhorse. For those of you who  might have blinked, Hitchcock makes his traditional appearance in the  photo on the wall from Tony Wendice's undergraduate days.  The fulcrum of the plot is the latchkey. It is the clue that  (literally) unlocks the mystery. There is a modernized redoing of this  movie called A Perfect Murder (1998) starring Michael Douglas and  Gwyneth Paltrow in which a similar business with latchkeys is employed.  I am not very good with clues so it was only after seeing that movie  and Dial M for Murder for the second time that I finally understood  what happened. Follow the latchkey!  Of course I was too distracted by Grace Kelly to fully appreciate such  intricacies. I found myself struck with the ironic notion that anyone,  even a cuckolded husband, might want to kill Grace Kelly or that a jury  might find her guilty of anything! She remains in my psyche America's  fairytale princess who quit Hollywood at the height of her popularity  after only five years and eleven movies to become a real princess by  marrying Prince Rainier of Monaco. Something was lost there, and  something was gained. She was in essence the original Jackie Kennedy  Onassis. I think, however, that the old saw about the man who marries  for money, earning it, might apply to American princesses as well.  At any rate, Grace Kelly's cool and sublime bearing was on fine display  here. Hitchcock cloths her in discreet nightgowns and snug (but  certainly not clinging) dresses that show off her delicate figure and  her exquisite arms and hint oh so coyly at her subtle sexuality. She  was 25-years-old, stunningly beautiful, and in full confidence of her  ability as an actress. She had just finished starring opposite James  Stewart in another splendid Hitchcock one-room mystery, Rear Window  (1954), and was about to make The Country Girl (1954) with Bing Crosby  for which she would win an Oscar for Best Actress.  So see this for Grace Kelly who makes Gwyneth Paltrow (whom I adore)  look downright gawky, and for Ray Milland whose urbane scheming seems a  layer or two of hell removed from Michael Douglas's evil manipulations.  By the way, the "original theatrical trailer" preceding these Warner  Brothers Classic videos is what we used to call the "Coming  Attractions"--that is, clips directly from the movie and a promo. You  might want to fast forward to the movie itself.
5 "Beyond Skyline" is a sci-fi film too dark and with a total lack of humor. There is no character development and we do not know anything about the lead characters. The screenplay is full of clichés and a complete mess, with action, detective story, crime, sci-fi, horror and martial arts. The special effects are excellent and maybe the best part of this forgettable B-movie. My vote is five.Title (Brazil): Not Available
5 Let me start by saying that this is easily one of the top 5 pre-1950 films in existence. No doubt about that in my mind. Not only that, but it is easily one of the greatest films ever made after 1950 as well.To me, this film in the end plays as a dark comedy. A dark comedy that pokes it's fun at the greedy devil within the minds of men.The thing that stands out to me the most about this film is the writing. The Oscar winning screenplay is in my view still under-appreciated. This film's writing is totally devoid of any prejudice at all, and has a depth that almost every other film can only dream to have. A truly amazing work.I could go on and on about this film, but I will just end by saying that as a story, and as a film, The Treasure Of Sierra Madre will stand as an artistic landmark for all of human history.10/10
5 When the Disney Studios decided to give Debby Ryan a lead in her own TV show after The Suite Life On Deck was canceled, why didn't they just make it official and have her continue with her character of Bailey Pickett now graduating high school at sea and coming to New York to seek fame and fortune? To all intents and purposes her title character of Jessie is just Bailey with a different name. In The Suite Life On Deck she was from a place called Kettlekorn and who wouldn't want to leave there after an around the world school?In any event Ryan is kind of adopted by the youngest of four adopted siblings who are a family rough on nannies. And when Ryan finds out that the family are the adopted kids of an Angelina Jolie/Brad Pitt show business power couple, she thinks she's got it made.The kids are four different types and I don't mean just racial and ethnic backgrounds. That in and of itself will guarantee the writers a whole lot of different story lines for various episodes.Young Chris Galya plays a young doorman in the building who will eventually be a love interest for Ryan. He plays him in the Matt LeBlanc tradition, drop dead gorgeous hunk who's real nice, but a bit dumb. He should be the Magic Kingdom's latest idol from out of the Jessie series. In any event Jessie is a pleasant and innocuous enough comedy and hopefully Debby Ryan's considerable singing talents will be showcased.
5 'The Babysitter' was a film I really wanted to like (and certainly did in parts) but for the most part just couldn't. It was actually a lot of fun and had some genuinely funny moments, however what it lacked was any depth or actual reason for the audience to care. I would describe it as feeling rushed. The evolution from normality to crazy was far too quick and never makes you buy into the concept. Is that really that important you might ask? I think it is because without some time spent setting up a reason for people to be doing the things they're doing you simply have absurdity for the sake of absurdity.The films strength is its humour. There really are some funny lines thrown out there at random moments. The horror side of things isn't going to do much for people. There's some well done gore, but its all far too light-hearted to ever actually be scary. The biggest problem this movie is going to face is that there's nothing overly memorable about it. I suspect it will be completely gone from my memory by tomorrow. It's not a bad film, just one that if you never watch you're not really missing out on anything.
5 Like so many below par movies, you really have to suspend your knowledge that people behave logically for it to work. It's always a sign of lazy writing when the progression of the plot continually relies on implausible occurrences to advance. There are other problems that arise which are difficult to overlook. There is hardly a scene in the movie that the two women aren't together. They seem to spend so much time together it's difficult to believe they're no related or living next door to each other. Conjoined twins spend less time meeting than these two. Of course none of this seems out of the ordinary to The lead, played by Rosario Dawson. In fact the whole cast seems oblivious to situations and circumstances that are too far fetched for reason that any normal person would flag in five seconds.Rosario Dawson is really the only outstanding cast member in this film. In spite of the short comings of the film she does a very good job with her role. Katherine Heigl takes stoic mannerisms to the next level with a 'Wax works' like performance that would put a store front mannequin to shame. The rest of the cast is reasonable and given Geoff Stults character seems to suffer from some form of dysfunction that renders him oblivious to human feeling and interaction, he does a reasonable job.The nuts and bolts of this story are nothing new and a bit laboured given it's all been done before (on numerous) occasions. It isn't even a particularly good rendition so I'm oddly surprised its been chosen as a remake without anything novel being added. There are no surprises twists or developments you won't see coming a mile off and actually the pacing here is pretty even from start to finish.OK as a stand alone movie it isn't bad. Fatal Attraction is really the standard movies from this category seem to be judged by, but there are others with varying levels of success. If you've seen any of them, I would say don't bother this one, as I said, there's nothing new to see here. If you haven't, give it a shot and you'll probably enjoy it.
5 "He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened." - Tao Te Ching"Ran" begins with a gorgeous sequence, director Akira Kurosawa treating us to several shots of soldiers on horseback, perched like gargoyles on a series of grassy hills. We assume these men are guarding the borders of some ancient Japanese kingdom, but it turns out they're running security escort for King Hidetora, an elderly warlord who is out hunting with his three sons.The film then quickly becomes a loose retelling of Shakespeare's "King Lear", Hidetora announcing his retirement and then proceeding to divide his kingdom equally between his three sons. In true Shakespearean fashion, Hidetora then stands back and watches with sadness as his spawn squabble and wage war, each interested in acquiring more power and respect than the other.But "Ran" is not simply a three-way battle between sons. One of the things that becomes apparent with repeated viewings are the subtle power plays being made behind the family. For example, rival warlords form alliances with the three brothers in an attempt to instigate battles between them, and the wife of one brother, Lady Kaede, moves like a serpent, constantly plotting against the King and his sons.Initially we sympathises with King Hidetora. After all, the poor guy loses his family and is forced to watch helplessly as his empire crumbles! But gradually we learn more and more about Hidetora's past; Kurosawa reveals that Hidetora was himself once a ruthless warlord who destroyed kingdoms and killed thousands. By the film's end we've thus witnessed a grand cycle being reset. Hidetora built his empire through violence and bloodshed and lost it likewise, one ruthless King essentially falling whilst another rises to take his place.So "Ran", which means "chaos" in Japanese, is less about King Hidetora's personal tragedy than it is about human tragedy on a much larger, more cosmic scale. Observe how Kurosawa uses various distancing techniques (he frequently cuts away to shots of cloud filled skies) in an attempt to convey the feeling that we are watching these characters and their petty squabbles from the heavens. With shades of Jancso ("The Red and White") and Kubrick ("Paths of Glory", the sublime "Lyndon"), Kurosawa's camera grants us the vantage point of enlightened Gods.Interestngly, "Ran's" aesthetic style is completely different to much of Kurosawa's early work. Kurosawa's pace is slow, his camera rarely moves, close-up shots are rare, the film's acting is stylized and mannered (drawing from Japanese Noh theatre, though perhaps also Brecht?) and characters are held at a distance. Most find this grating - none of the ingratiating of say, a David Lean epic - but this is a more mature, deeper and less imitable Kurosawa. Whilst his earlier features have been imitated to death, perhaps to the point where they have lost some of their power, "Ran" remains sublime.Gone also are the usual Kurosawan moral platitudes. There is little preaching here, and few of the trite moral lessons and dips into sentimentality that mar many of Kurosawa's early films. Indeed, it seems that Kurosawa only matured into a "serious" artist in the years leading up to and after his failed suicide attempt. He achieved a sort of gerotranscendence with his later films, shifting to a more transcendent vision of the world. These films thus have a very holistic view of time and space, life and death, moving away from ego-centricism to a more cosmic world-view. Perhaps such an artistic shift was spurred on by Kurosawa's own existential crisis in the early 70s.King Hidetora himself achieves gerotranscendence after a failed suicide. It is then that he stumbles upon a blind man who was once the victim of his past savagery. Forced to directly confront his past, his self image no longer based on illusions of heroism and glory, Hidetora promptly becomes a tormented spirit. Kurosawa has him wear a white face mask from this point onwards, tearing across the landscape like a ghost."Ran" ends with a powerful sequence. An army marches in the foreground whilst, far in the distance, a blind man walks dangerously close to a cliff's edge, tentatively tapping away at the earth with his walking cane. The man's walking cane then hits open air, he stumbles slightly and the film abruptly ends. Kurosawa's point is clear: humanity is blind, perpetually on the verge of tumbling down some dark abyss. But note too how the blind man is elevated, far above the army down below. He may risk falling, but he, unlike most in the film, has begun his long climb back toward virtue. "Ran" is packed with similar, cleanly drawn "metaphors", though at times Kurosawa's dialogue is ridiculously direct. Entire sequences of the film spell out Kurosawa's themes, character dialogue signposting the director's moral messages at every turn. It's all at times very hokey (subtler in Japanese?).Needless to say, Kurosawa's compositions and use of colour are dazzling. At times the film seems like a series of landscape paintings and the master's soundtrack is also fairly experimental.Note to younger viewers, preconceptions in tow: there are no "cool" samurai battles here, only a melancholic battle sequence which Kurosawa shoots without sound. Such sequences are nightmarish rather than gratuitous, Kurosawa balking at the horror that other directors salivate over. "Ran's" stylized acting also takes some getting used to, requiring several viewings to fully absorb the film's various character motivations, traits, names, nuances and faces. One character, a copy of the court jester in "King Lear", is particularly annoying until we properly tune in to his role. Like Shakespeare's jester, he exists outside the story, designed to comment on man's follies.9.5/10 - Despite some heavy-handed dialogue, this is arguably Kurosawa's best film, and one which rewards (or gets richer with) repeat viewings, something few films genuinely do.
5 It's not uncommon for Hollywood's A-list stars like to be handed to highly questionable projects, films that leave you asking "why?". Robert De Niro definitely gives off an unusual (and brutally raucous) vibe here in arguably his goofiest role of his career, partially since he is not known for raunchy R-rated comedies and has spent most of his careers spawning in roles of serious subject matter. Zac Efron on the other hand, is no stranger to the hardcore comedy territory, such as playing a college fraternity leader in 'Neighbors'. These two actors collaborate for the first time in this raucous comedy directed by Dan Mazer, a film that's not terrible but certainly what labels a low point in their career. Zac Efron plays Jason Kelly, a high-strung lawyer in his way to marrying his boss's uptight daughter Meredith (played by Julianne Hough). With his wedding only days ahead, Jasok is asked to drive his widowed, loathsome grandfather Dick (played by Robert De Niro) from his house to Boca Baton, Louisiana. Along the way, they run into college friends Lenore (played by Aubrey Plaza), Bradley (played by Jeffrey Bowyer Chapman), and Shaudia (played by Zoey Deutch), and what was supposed to be an easy cross-state trip results in an odyssey of drugs, booze, and embarrassing mayhem while grandfather Dick go outs in search for a new love of his life. It's easy say Zac Efron and Robert De Niro do make quite an odd comedic duo at first glance. But the real question is do they make a successful duo here. To some extent, sort of. But it definitely isn't one that works as well as it should have. The two leads both have heir hilarious moments every once a while but a lot of time, they try way too hard and it's not always funny. Efrom and De Niro spend nearly the entire length spitting out raunchy dialogue ranging from sex jokes, genitalia jokes, masturbation jokes along with explicitly crude gags that often come off but forced though occasionally funny. Of course based on the title, the level of vulgarity shouldn't come to too much of a shock, except maybe the fact that De Niro indulges so far into the level and seems to have fun dropping a large horde of penis jokes. Possibly the most questionable element here maybe De Niro's flirtatious interaction with Aubrey Plaza who plays a college girl probably only a third of his age. The aspect may be funny but tends to be conceived as rather than off-putting than sexy, especially considering the fact there is a brief sex scene between the two (no nudity involved). In the end, the hilarity isn't particularly strong but could been enough to semi- distract viewers from the blatantly rushed storyline, but only if you watching Zac Efron get high on cocaine or De Niro drinking booze with college girls in bikinis. Dirty Grandpa marks a rather low point for the careers for both Zac Efron and Robert De Niro but definitely isn't what I consider one of the worst movies of this year so far. After all, it does succeed at least bringing some laughs. However, the effort of the two leads do not always prevail. For comedy fans, this film may be worth a try, but definitely won't please everyone, especially those who are looking for Robert De Niro in a more solid comedic form.
5 When the two worlds of Antonio Salieri and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart collide in Milos Forman's Amadeus, it is anything but a symphony. As the court composer of the Emperor of Austria, all Salieri desires are fame and recognition as a composer; it is all he had wanted his whole life. When he learns that Mozart, whose name he had known as long as he can remember, is going to come to the court to play, Salieri cannot wait to meet the outstanding and righteous man that he knows he must be. However, when Salieri learns that Mozart is a young, crude, and unrefined young man, endowed with all the talent and ability that he ever wanted and strived for, it plants a seed of jealousy that soon grows into bitter resentment and hatred, not only for Mozart, but also towards God. Salieri's desire to get rid of him is seemingly boundless as he plots and schemes for Mozart's demise. It is no wonder why Amadeus won eight Academy Awards, including Best Picture, with 5-Star performances by F. Murry Abraham as Antonio Salieri and Tom Hulce as Mozart. Amadeus is an emotionally charged and tragic piece, a story of the life of one of the world's most famous composers, as seen through the eyes of his worst enemy.
5 Coco (2017) is an animated film co-directed by Lee Unkrich and Adrian Molina. It is a story set in the fictitious Mexican town of Santa Cecilia, where young Miguel (Anthony Gonzalez) embarks on a journey when his passion in life and dreams are called into question by his family. All Miguel wants from this life is emulating the great and famous singer Ernesto de la Cruz (Benjamin Bratt) but his abuela and relatives oppose. Miguel must come to terms with his family and return back home after he disrespects the "dia de los muertos" tradition and a curse falls upon him, trapping him with the dead. He finds help from the deceased Hector (Gael Garcia) and members of his family like Mama Imelda (Alana Ubach) as he finds a way to express his talents and learns family history. At its core Coco is a story about passion, memory and family. Miguel follows a story arch where he must learn self value, bravery and the value of being true to one's self while remaining loyal to family, respecting tradition and remembering one's past in the form of family history. With a reputation for great storytelling, juggernauts Disney and Pixar have found a way to tell a story with such a worn arch with a new and authentic style. A lesson is learned by almost every main character as they grow and develop. Passion is pitted against tradition (and perhaps stubborn customs) and the outcome produces strong emotions on the viewer. At times the story felt carried itself with the drama and flair of a Mexican "Telenovela". These are some rich themes for what may be considered a "kid's film" but they develop organically and are never forced. However the film doesn't lack that slapstick humour or easy and quirky kid's comedy (Especially present in the playfulness of the dead characters' bones). The production team made a respectable effort preparing for the production of this film, and the results were worthwhile and evident. The film is brilliantly set in Mexico, showcasing a wide range of customs and cultural icons that made the film feel authentic. Everything from Mexican cuisine (Like tacos, tamales or "pan de muerto") to celebrities (Like Frida Kahlo, El Santo, Pedro Infante or Cantinflas) make an appearance. Traditional "Mariachi" or "Charro" suits and elaborate woman hairstyles are accurately represented. Mexican family culture is accurately represented from the respect towards our loving, stern and kiss filling abuelas, to that spicy and sassy personality characteristic of Mexican and Latin women. Even the idolization of popular musical icons, similar to Ernesto de la Cruz in the film, resembles the decades old fascination with the likes of actual celebrities like Pedro Infante or Jose Alfredo Jimenez. I authentically felt the story was set in a real, picturesque Mexican pueblo. Every small detail felt in place and that enhanced the story. The film understands and respects the traditions of "dia de los muertos" while giving it a modern twist. Despite the difficulties, and risks, that come with portraying such a rich and complex culture the film makes a much appreciated effort in introducing a side of Mexican culture that is at times neglected in favour of easy-to-go stereotypes.The film felt beautifully animated with intricate finger movements while playing a worn-out guitar or the miniscule pores and imperfections of the bones. Visually gorgeous and impressive the film makes use of a brightly coloured pallet, like with the rich orange used for the "cempazuchitl" flowers or the "papel picado" banners. The music fit perfectly with the tone used for the story and never stopped having a particularly Mexican flavour from the use of the guitar or trumpets to the "marimba". The score continued to set the story appropriately. Coco is carried by memorable fun moments, like Miguel's encounter with exotic Frida Kahlo, and beautiful and emotionally filled ones, such as that of the last act which grounded the story's themes of love for music and family during a scene that is sure to invoke a tear or two. Despite a few moments where it felt that the plot was driven by the oversimplified and unexplained mechanics of the curse, the film in general doesn't stop being the memorable and enjoyable experience of a familiar story executed with fresh and authentic style.
5 Room stars Brie Larson and Jacob Tremblay. It offers Larson her best performance of her career and Tremblay a break out role. While he may not quite get past the whole "kid actor" stereotype he is admittedly better than almost every other child actor out there today. Both of these actors are receiving some serious awards buzz right now, as is this film in general. This may be due to the odd nature of its plot line. A mother and child are stuck inside a room for at least five years of their lives. Trapped inside never once going out to see or experience the world. So, when they get out we watch as this child gets to see everything for the first time.Yes it's an interesting plot that hasn't really been done before but it can't really pull it off. It's odd that it struggles so bad with making this a worthy adaption of the book seeing as the author actually wrote the film. Much like last years 'Gone Girl'. However 'Gone Girl' actually had a good director.The one other film this director had done was 'Frank'. So I had high hopes for this film. Unfortunately, he may have proved to us that he is a one hit wonder. Because this film is not near as good as everyone is saying. This mainly steams from sloppy writing. Writing that would've probably worked in a book format. In that format you are able to show characters thoughts and feelings far easier than in film so you have to write accordingly.But this doesn't happen. This is really the only reason this film fails. But it fails hard. From the first scenes of the film it was pretty clear that not enough thought went into making this a piece of cinema. Characters actions and reactions to everything feel absurdly artificial. Like a cop figuring out where the room they lived in was from one extremely vague sentence. Or how the film seems to pretend like these two had never made one single escape attempt.Literally the second escape they try gets them out. I couldn't help think that they had never actually tried, because the guy didn't even hesitate to buy into their trick. In fact not one person in this film reacts naturally. Everyone was an extreme version of a normal person and it made nearly everyone in the film super unlikable. Especially the main two characters. They did virtually nothing aside from scream at whoever they wanted for no apparent reason. Almost every conversation ended in an annoying screaming match between random people. A screaming match that either made no sense or just made you dislike the characters. So, when these two get out it's hard to legitimately care about them. You don't know anything about them other then the fact that they liked yelling for no reason.'Room' may have strong performances and an interesting idea to back it up but not much else. It has a hard time making you actually care about its characters. No one reacts like a human being but instead yells at each other when ever they feel like they need to. It wastes its best qualities with a limp and lifeless script that fails to appropriately adapt the acclaimed novel.
5 Winning an Oscar for a first film is a perilous position for a screenwriter to be in, for with adulation comes high expectation, and with high expectation comes hype that is almost always self-defeating. Such is the case with "Jennifer's Body," the sophomore script from Diablo ("Juno") Cody, which takes an uncomfortable union of concept, content, and direction (by Karyn Kusama), and transforms it into a film I really WANTED to like, but in the end couldn't. Marketed as a hip, self-aware horror flick, it never delivers much beyond the norm of the genre (it follows firmly in the tradition of Kevin Williamson, who gave us "Scream" and "The Faculty" over a decade ago), and passages of heartfelt emotion are shortchanged for ridiculous horror segues (an indie band sacrifices a virgin to make a pact with the Devil, for instance) and Cody's own contrived linguistic quirks. The quirks worked for "Juno," which told a dramatic story populated by fully realized characters and peppered with moments of bittersweet humor. "Jennifer's Body" almost succeeds based on the strength of its central duo: the titular cheerleader (Megan Fox) and her bespectacled, dorky BFF, Needy (Amanda Seyfried), who undergo serious issues when Jennifer becomes a literal man-eater; the bond between them is so palpable and effective that it almost saves the film when it goes off into the realm of bloodshed and digital trickery. If Cody's script can't find a balance between the horror, the humor, and the pathos, director Kusama steers the film even more erratically, resulting in a tone that remains unsettled until the very end. Ultimately, "Jennifer's Body" has its share of visually arresting moments and fine performances (particularly Seyfried's), but it has much less to offer than its obvious (and far superior) influences: Jacques Tourneur's (and Paul Schrader's) "Cat People" and the "Ginger Snaps" trilogy (which took the metaphorical monstrosity of puberty and its own clever dialog into much more exciting territory).
5 The movies have depicted the hereafter in varied ways over the years. From the bleached white warehouses of Powell and Pressburger's "A Matter of Life and Death" in 1946 and Warren Beatty's "Heaven Can Wait" in 1978 to – for me – the peak of the game: Vincent Ward's mawkish but gorgeously rendered oil-paint version of heaven in 1998's "What Dreams May Come". Joel Schmacher's 1990's "Flatliners" saw a set of "brat pack" movie names of the day (including Kevin Bacon, Julia Roberts, William Baldwin and Kiefer Sutherland) as experimenting trainee doctors, cheating death to experience the afterlife and getting more than they bargained for. The depictions of the afterlife were unmemorable: in that I don't remember them much! (I think there was some sort of spooky tree involved, but that's about it!)But the concept was sufficiently enticing – who isn't a little bit intrigued by the question of "what's beyond"? – that Cross Creek Pictures thought it worthy of dusting off and giving it another outing in pursuit of dirty lucre. But unfortunately this offering adds little to the property's reputation. In this version, the lead role is headed up by Ellen Page ("Inception") who is a great actress too good for this stuff. Also in that category is Diego Luna, who really made an impact in "Rogue One" but here has little to work with in terms of backstory. The remaining three doctors – Nina Dobrev as "the sexy one"; James Norton ("War and Peace") as "the posh boy" and Kiersey Clemons as the "cute but repressed one", all have even less backstory and struggle to make a great impact. Also putting in an appearance, as the one link from the original film, is Kiefer Sutherland as a senior member of the teaching staff. But he's not playing the same character (that WOULD have been a bloody miracle!) and although Sutherland adds gravitas he really is given criminally little to do. What was director Niels Arden Oplev ("The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo") thinking?In terms of the story, it's pretty much a re-hash of Peter Filardi's original, with Ben Ripley ("Source Code") adding a few minor tweaks to the screenplay to update it for the current generation. But I will levy the same criticism of this film as I levied at the recent Stephen King adaptation of "It": for horror to work well it need to obey some decent 'rules of physics' and although most of the scenes work (since a lot of the "action" is sensibly based inside the character's heads) there are the occasional linkages to the 'real world' that generate a "WTF???" response. A seemingly indestructible Mini car (which is also clearly untraceable by the police!) and a knife incident at the dockside are two cases in point. Is there anything good to say about this film? Well, there are certainly a few tense moments that make the hairs on your neck at least start to stand to attention. But these are few and far between, amongst a sea of movie 'meh'. It's certainly not going to be the worst film I see this year, since at least I wasn't completely bored for the two hours. But I won't remember this one in a few weeks. As a summary in the form of a "Black Adder" quote, it's all a bit like a broken pencil.. pointless.(For the graphical version of this review, please visit bob-the-movie- man.com. Thanks.)
5 Few horror franchises have found life beyond their third chapter, and "Insidious" proves no different.Picking up right after the events of "Insidious: Chapter 3", this fourth entry further (pun intended) explores the backstory of demonologist Elise Rainier (Lin Shaye), who was murdered in a memorable twist at the end of the first film. Here, Elise is first introduced as a young girl living in a foreboding two-storey house on the outskirts of a New Mexico prison in 1952 where her stern father (Josh Stewart) works as a prison guard. Turns out that Elise already had a gift (or curse, depending on which way you look at it) for seeing ghosts then, but when she disobeys her father's order to deny her paranormal abilities, he locks her in the basement. It is there she first encounters this movie's demon - a tall lanky beast with old-timey keys for fingers - and unknowingly unlocks a mysterious red door for the monster to cross over into our world.Back in the present day, Elise receives a phone call from a stranger who asks for her help with the ghosts in his house. That house turns out to be her childhood home, and despite her initial reservations at literally revisiting past demons, she eventually musters up the courage to confront what she recognises she had previously unleashed. It helps that she isn't alone; thanks to the events in the last movie, she is now accompanied by a pair of dopey sidekicks Tucker (Angus Sampson) and Specs (Leigh Whannell). To be sure, their signature high-tech gizmos aren't of much use (certainly much less than they were in the first two movies), so their presence is really as comic relief - like Tucker loves to repeat, "She's psychic; we're sidekick." What distinguished "Insidious" from other haunted-house movies was its creation of 'The Further', a terrifying place between life and death that exists on a different realm from ours where evil spirits trapped not just the souls of the dead but also those who were able to project themselves astrally while asleep. Elise was established to be one such individual, and it isn't reasonable that she would quickly return to 'The Further' in order to seek out the entity which had terrorised her and is terrorising the house's current inhabitant as well as the spirits she sees around the property. But Whannell, who had written every one of the "Insidious" movies, has other intentions; in fact, the middle act sees Elise come face-to-face with a different real-life horror, which while well-intentioned, is not nearly as developed as it needs to be and is hardly as interesting as the ghouls of 'The Further'. Only in the final act does Elise finally return to that purgatory, but that homecoming is over too fast, too soon and too conveniently, almost as if it were simply an afterthought to form a narrative bridge into the first movie.Even though the earlier 'Insidious' films had similarly spare scripts, they benefited from the taut direction of James Wan, who knew how to build perfectly good scares with icy dread. Unfortunately, series newcomer Adam Robitel doesn't quite have the same knack. Not only is he able to generate the same atmosphere as Wan did, Robitel often betrays his own lack of confidence by resorting to the sort of jump-cuts which quickly tire out. This being his sophomore feature, he also lacks the experience to properly smooth over the rough edges of Whannell's writing - in particular, the parts intended to be poignant, such as Elise's estrangement from her skittish younger brother Christian (Bruce Davison), come off feeling contrived and sit awkwardly with the rest of the parts designed to frighten.Ultimately, it is Shaye who holds the rickety film together, portraying Elise with just the right balance of vulnerability and fearlessness. While it may seem opportunistic that the "Insidious" series goes down the same road as "The Conjuring" (by using the same parapsychologist(s) across its entries), Shaye very much holds her own as the film's septuagenarian heroine. That said, it is not quite nearly enough to reinvigorate the franchise itself, which seems imprisoned in its own creative limits and cannot quite go any further (that's another pun, fully intended). Perhaps its title is ominous of its fate, and even if 'The Last Key' isn't the last we hear of "Insidious", then the next chapter better have a much more compelling raison d'être.
5 This is one of those handful of films that is universally loved and respected and I have to join the crowd on that. For over 50 years it has been considered the best musical ever made and I can't argue with that, either, especially with the newly- restored DVD version that came out a short time ago. The film never looked and sounded better!In a nutshell, the reason for the high praise, I would think would be: 1 - Likable lead characters (Debbie Reynolds, Gene Kelly, Donald O'Connor); 2 - Excellent song-and-dance numbers, capped off by one of the most famous of all-time, the title song "Singin' In the Rain," featuring Kelly; 3 - Very good humor throughout the film, aided by Jean Hagen's dumb blonde imitation, which may be the best ever put on film; 4 - Spectacular color (please get this latest 2-disc DVD), and 5 - of course, simply a very entertaining film start-to-finish.A few side comments: Kelly gets the legacy with his title song dance but O'Connor's dancing in here is just as good. In fact, one of his solo routines reportedly exhausted him so much he could not work for five days. A nice bonus is seeing Cyd Charisse in here, showing off her dancing skills and great legs.
5 Two hours of your time that you can never get back! If you are a high school drop-out, into drugs and have no purpose in life you'll love this movie. Otherwise, just stay away from this bullshit for your own sake!The story is based on how three idiots spend their day doing absolutely nothing good for either themselves or anybody else. And you know what's gonna happen in the end from the first 10 minutes on. The only reason I watched the whole thing is that I never leave a movie unfinished so that I have an idea. I wonder what kind of people voted 10 out of 10 for this movie and made me wanna watch it by putting this crap in top 250 movies of all time. Generally IMDb top 250 movies rarely disappoint me, but this one made me even write this comment which I never do about any movie, good or bad.Such a waste of time!
5 The Mummy Returns is a definate "must-see" movie. It has Great Effects, great acting, a great story, all done, by amazing people! If you liked the first Mummy, you will LOVE this one. It has action, adventure, romance and comedy all the way through, it's great! I have found nothing wrong with it. The story was very well written by a great man, Stephen Sommers. This one is very funny and keeps you entertained all the way through. The music is superb as well, it is also nice that the main cast returns as well as 92 percent of the crew! At first I was not sure of Freddie Boath but as soon as I saw the first scene he was in I knew that if a child of that age can act that well, the so can all the adults. Anyone whose anyone must see this movie. Nothing bad can be said about it. So, get to the cinema now and relive the adventure started off in the first one, and continued in this one.
5 This movie was awful, plain and simple. It will probably be revered by those who only see "films" and not "movies" and will therefore feel sorry for me for having such a limited understanding of the theatrical brilliance of this film, but I am secure enough in my intellect to say that this boring, self-aggrandizing and painfully drawn-out movie was a waste of two hours and nine dollars.I was suckered into seeing this by the inexplicable good reviews it had been receiving and came out of the theater thinking that those reviews had to have been written by over-excited film students and the aforementioned group of individuals who shun regular movies, perhaps for fear that they may actually enjoy one someday.The storyline is quite a promising one - a man is imprisoned for 15 years, never knowing his captor nor his crime. He is then abruptly released and given just five days to discover the identity and reason of the man who imprisoned him. However, the great concept soon disintegrates into a pathetic joke as Oh Dae-Su runs around beating people up, trying to have sex with a young girl who is attempting to use the toilet and eating a live, writhing squid (presumably for dramatic effect, as there is absolutely no other reason for it). All the while he is trying to figure out this horrible thing he did to earn himself fifteen years in jail, and when he finally finds out it is both ridiculous and a major letdown. His nemesis, a man who supposedly went to school with him when he was a young man, looks like a Banana Republic model twenty years younger than him. Hey, I know prison has been hard on Oh Dae-Su, but is it too much to ask to find an actor that looks a bit closer to his age? Of all the things wrong with this movie, this one seems like the easiest one to fix.And the big secret - the one that kept me in my seat for 90 minutes when I could have been out doing something productive - is some joke of a plot line involving incest and a rumor started in high school. Come on! Throw us a bone here - was that really the best they could do? I sat through stupid dialogue, over-acting, gloomy sets and gratuitous violence for this? (By the way - I'm not at all against violence in a film if it seems to fit the story, but in this case it seems I was forced to watch our hero knock out someone's front teeth and cut off his own tongue with a pair of scissors in order to distract me from figuring out I was wasting my afternoon watching a pretentious piece of garbage).Take my advice - do something else with your time and money. Or take your nine dollars and go see a lowly "movie" - one that you might actually enjoy.
5 I have a rule, if a movie goes past that 2 hour range it has to be really good. 3 hours, it must be epic, and 4 hours, well...you get the picture. I have this rule because the only thing worse than a bad movie is a bad movie thats really long. This movie wasn't really bad, but was really just OK, and definitely not worth the 4 hour run time (directors cut). The back story of how the characters grew up and was good and the plot, sets and costumes made up for the bad kid acting in the first section of the film, but things go way downhill from there.First off, the movie is like a ride in a broken time machine. why does the director or editor think its appropriate to jump around from decade to decade? How does that help tell the story? It doesn't, it just makes a long and complicated story very difficult for the viewer to follow (and I had the subtitles on so i didn't miss a word). The dialogue gives the actors very little to work with as Deniro has a blank stare throughout the film. Then there is the timing of the delivery, its like: who is it? [10 seconds later] its me. And I'm left thinking, wtf? Is that extra 10 seconds supposed to be 'dramatic'? Well its not its annoying and in a film this long, you'd think you'd want to keep the action moving. There are a few scenes where Max (james woods) is able to show us his ability to act but it happens in a way that makes the story seem unbelievable. I am left thinking, good acting but why would this character behave like that? This guy goes from never robbing a bank, to wanting to rob the federal reserve? its just too stupid, and Max isn't that stupid.The love story that develops makes absolutely no sense and is interrupted with other scenes of random and quite disturbing bizarreness. I could go on, but unlike Sergio Leone, I know when to stop. The movie had a good start and a good premise, but the plot went everywhere, too many people did too many things that didn't make sense, none of the characters are electrifying, and the film is just waaay too long to be enjoyable in spite of all of that.
5 I had no expectations of this movie, as I was dragged along to see it by a mate with a Jake Gyllenhaal fixation, but was pleasantly surprised to find it was a bleak-seeming action/drama with Hugh Jackman too, who's generally excellent in everything he's in. The first 30 minutes or so of the movie were really promising. I liked the set-up of the 2 cozy families in their suburban idyll sharing a thanksgiving meal and discovering, to their horror, their kids had somehow gone missing. That part felt very real, very "based on a true story" and had me on the edge of my seat. As the film went on though, the clunky writing and flabby storytelling started to lose my interest.#1. My first big problem came with the utterly implausible discovery of the body in the pedophile priest's basement. First of all, Gyllenhaal's decision to move the freezer based on the flex being dangerously stretched, just seemed...dumb. Why would he care if the guy stretches his flex? It didn't seem from his reaction ("drunks!") that he thought the freezer was hiding something, and yet he opts to shove the big heavy thing closer to the socket because presumably it bothers him. Then - whoa - there's a door there, and whoa it's a big cellar (which is not that weird really), and now - whoa - look a body!#2. And next came a great big WHY? He's a pedophile catholic priest so why was he SO outraged that a man might kill kids. He abuses children but is still so horrified by a killer that he opts to kill the guy who's (again...utterly improbably) has come to him for confession, but not so horrified that he tells ANYONE the guy's story? Or attempts to find out if it's true before he offs him? Instead he just stuffs the body in the basement and drinks a lot. Hmm.#3. My next problem was the biggest and clumsiest of the plot points. Gyllenhaal finds a body and hears a weird-ass tale about child murders (and presumably there's a not a lot of those locally), but despite his incredible intellect and ability to make connections, he doesn't spot the REALLY ODD MAZE NECKLACE on the body until the drawing falls conveniently from his desk alongside it, and make the connection between the two. #4. Why is escaped and presumably traumatized kidnap victim Bob stealing children's clothes, covering them in pig's blood and putting them in boxes full of snakes? It would make sense if he was somehow part of the cover-up, or working for Alex's aunt, but he's not. So for some reason known only to himself he's stealing clothes and making it seem like Anna and Joy are dead when they're not. Presumably because he's traumatized. Or just mental. But either way, it's not really explained, it's just a great big red herring that confuses everything.#5. What is the significance of Keller's dad's suicide? Because if there is no significance, why show Loki reading about it as if it's important? Presumably (again) it's so he can find out that the building that Keller's going to is where his dad died - but so what? Why is it important, other than to cloud the waters and confuse the audience even more. Was Keller connected to his father's suicide, why was no note found...all questions we have no need to ask.#6. WTF is this all maze rubbish? Right from the poster we're led to expect some kind of maze to appear. The serial killer wears a necklace with a maze on it, Alex says "they're in the maze", Bob is obsessed with drawing mazes, so where's the freaking maze man? When Holly gets Keller to back the car up we think "FINALLY! HERE'S THE MAZE!!! But there's no maze down there, just a big deep hole full of old sneakers and dead snakes. No maze, not even a sniff of one. The only maze-related thing as it turns out, is a puzzle book that Leo forces the kids to do while they're kidnapped, presumably traumatizing them with their inability to solve simple puzzles. It might just as well have been Sudoku really, but that might have looked weird on a necklace...#7. And finally, the pointless sub-plot. Just WHAT is the purpose and meaning behind Keller's kidnap and torture of Alex? It has no real purpose other than to provide a weirdly amoral counterpoint to the other story (which would have been so much better emphasized if we'd seen anything of the girls' captivity), and leaves us confused and kind of weirdly angry with the guy. Alex is an innocent child and Keller has tortured him almost to death, so what does that make him? A villain? An anti-hero? A misguided vigilante? No-one seems to care if we know, so we end up drawing no conclusion at all and Keller ends up as a shapeless figure that we ultimately care little about.Ultimately my feeling was that this could have been a good film, if only someone with experience and a keen eye had been brought in to work on the script and iron out the many flaws. The cinematography and the score was great, and it's a testament to the director and actors that the movie was still highly watchable despite the glaring plot holes and confusing storytelling, but on the whole it was a disappointing and frustrating experience and not one I'd recommend.
5 We very much enjoyed Spinning Man for a variety of reasons. It's a well written psychological mystery which plays a philosophy professor's search for ultimate truth against that of a detective's desire to solve a crime. It reminded us of the thrillers/mysteries of the past because it didn't rely on action scenes and special effects, so it was more realistic and easy to get into. There's more to this movie than it appears at first glance, and we admit to going back and watching parts of it a second time to enjoy the parallels. All the actors are well suited to their roles. We have no complaints. It was well directed and the script written to leave folks wondering right until the very end. A problem we have with many of today's thrillers is that they're overwritten for effect, or overacted - this is neither. It's evenly spaced, and moves well, and it's not all that far-fetched, so therefore, draws the viewer in. If you've seen North by Northwest, or Rear Window, while the plots are totally different, Spinning Man moves at a similar pace. Our family is glad we watched it and have no regrets.
5 As a fan of the original "Clash of the Titans" from Harryhausen in 1981, I dreaded the idea of a remake that would crush the magical fantasy land that he created with the first version. And lo and behold, my fears were confirmed.This film tears to shreds the "Perseus vs. Medusa" myth and replaces it with mindless power chord progressions, endless action sequences, and a trivialized view of the Greek gods. Sam Worthington has proved himself to be a competent actor recently, but his performance is just nauseating with his embarrassed delivery of wooden dialogue. The script is awful, and the overblown spectacle of the entire thing is so self-indulgent that I was bored within the first 15 minutes.I will say however that the only redeeming factor is the film's action sequences. Though they do tend to drag on for nearly 10 minutes too long in every case, they are well shot, and the hand-held camera adds to the effect of the battle's intensity.Slightly below average action film. Don't go expecting a faithful adaptation of the original myth or even a quality remake of Harryhausen's classic film.5/10
5 I really like this action packed movie about an Assassin who felt guilty about a hit that left a survivor.It is an exceptionally well made history. Ms Henson pulled it off as a warm hearted Assassin
5 I would rather have an hour and a half of brutal diarrhea than sit through this again! Shame on you Jackie!
5 I will always remember the film 'Vacancy' because I went into it with zero expectations and ended up having one of the best film experiences I can remember. Really the only similarity that 'Looking Glass' has to that film is that it was set in a motel in the middle of nowhere. Still though, a part of me had hopes of another hidden gem. It wasn't to be though. The film starts off with some potentially exciting plot points and mysterious goings on, but can never live up to them and provide any pay off.There's also a serious lack of suspense in the film. At no point are you ever on the edge of your set needing to know what is going to happen next. The film just kind of drifts along and even when something that's supposed to be exciting is happening, it really isn't that captivating. The one bright point for me was Nicolas Cage. Even though his career has been in serious decline for over a decade now, he can still act the pants off most people in the industry when he tries. Sadly though, he's far from enough to save this forgettable film that I wouldn't recommend spending your hard-earned on.
5 I went into this pretty excited. After all, it's far and wide described as one of the best, if not *the* best film ever made. Frankly, I didn't see it.The first problem I had with The Seventh Seal was the acting. The knight, Death, and the squire were highlights, but the rest of the cast had an almost pantomime-like quality that is very, very distracting. In fact, this may not simply be an acting problem - many of the set-ups of the film are pretty pantomime: there is a scene with the actors playing out a song involving a cock crowing while, behind the stage, another actor tries to seduce a girl, which is not only sonically grating but completely ludicrous. I tried to work out if it was intended to be satirical but it actually comes off more like the Benny Hill show. In another scene, in which one of the actors is made to dance like a bear on the table in an inn, the camera cuts to reaction shots of the crowd who burst into hysterical laughter in a completely non-spontaneous, false and bizarre manner. It just doesn't work.The second problem I had was the contrived nature of the situations the knight finds himself in: at one point self-flaggelists walk into the village in a long procession waving incense and everyone kneels and weeps. This has been set up in advance by an explanation of who these flaggelists are. And, because of the set up, it, again, doesn't work. Similarly, when the troupe are in the woods towards the end of the film, they are faced with a character (who has previously been shown to be a *not very nice man*) with the plague. Why, other than to have the troupe look death in the face and make the terribly unsubtle point about whether forgiveness should be given to those about to die, is he in the woods miles from anywhere? Once again, it doesn't work.Every question the film is trying to pose is given its own scene, so that the whole story plays like a series of distinct vignettes linked only by the knight character and two or three characters who are obviously set up to take a fall later in the film. *However*, Bergman sets up the film as a linear progression between the knight's knowing he is going to die and his ultimate death. You can't have it both ways - you either go down the vignette route or you go the linear route. You can't have the scene in the bar, the flaggelists, the burning of the "witch" all supposedly happening in a linear fashion, since they are all a little too random to gel together.And, for me at least, the result of all this is that this is not a film that could ever be described as "subtle". You see every question coming even before Bergman gives it its ten-minute moment of screen time. The only thought left in your mind is what weird contortion of the plot Bergman is going to put us through to get to that question. And, as a result, the film is very boring to watch. At times I found myself begging that Death would show up just to add a little spice. And that's without even mentioning how *excrutiating* the songs are....All in all, I'd say The Seventh Seal is very disappointing and I couldn't really recommend it. That said, though, any film that is rated so highly by so many people is always going to deserve at least a glance. It's clearly not trash.
5 I saw Hulk on Friday and I loved the opening sequence, it was great; graphic, and the comic fonts, fantastic. But then it started to go downhill from there. For about half an hour I was seriously thinking "My goodness, Lee's really lost it." Then as soon as the Eric Bana and Nick Nolte's relationship started to pick up, I thought; "Exactly what I was looking for."The action of course was unbelievably fantastic. I found myself sitting there for a few moments drewling at the special effects. Even though at some points the Hulk did look slighlty cartoonish; what can you do, when you have to apply an emotive face and expressions along with a giant green muscle man?The final interaction between Bana and Nolte was brilliant. It was so much like a tragedy; it looked so much like a tragedy infested play, and that was perhaps one of the great factors which drew me into the movie.Overall, I believe that what grabbed me was how different this film was to others. The comic like split screens, the freeze frames; all of this was brilliant. What makes this film good, is just how different it is to others, as well as other comic book films. I give this film 9 thumbs up. No just joking.5.523432569875233345/6
5 The hugely overrated trivial chatting, the grotesque violence, the moral vacuum, the deadly slowness, the length --- about an hour too long --- make it incomprehensible today how this picture ever made people rave the way they did on this board.The greatest film ever? Excuse me, this is a feature film that says nothing, depicts no authentic feelings or character development, is grossly self-indulgent and filled with idiotically implausible situations, such as people firing powerful handguns repeatedly, simultaneously and then hanging around chatting as if nobody would ever report the firing and summon the law.Perhaps the most implausible character of all is played by Mr Tarantino, who shouts at the two hoodlum killers as if they were playmates from school and complains that his wife will divorce him if she returns from work to find a car in the garage containing a man with his head blown off.Where is the moral compass of the people who revere this schoolboy nonsense? Nobody in the film is remotely principled, and nor is anyone (except possibly the pawnbroker) actually evil. The scene where he releases a leather-studded sadist from a cage is possibly the most unbelievable rubbish ever deployed in a Hollywood feature."It's only entertainment," I hear people protest. Well the difference between Mr Tarantino and film-makers of stature is that they are capable of entertaining while instructing, and of integrating the two.
5 I liked the original Skyline, it was a perfectly understated account of alien invasion which I could totally relate to. Unlike films like Independence Day where humans assemble their most senior military leaders, accomplished scientists and world leaders, plan a perfect strategy over coffee and doughnuts, then kick the aliens back to Alpha Centuari, Skyline had no such ideals of homo sapien based majesty. Everything happens so quickly there is no time to react and we're at the mercy of the invading force. Its a great film which so casually captures so many of the essential elements of Sci-fi.I originally thought that Beyond Skyline was a sequel, but its a concurrent story from the perspective of 'Mark' an ex-cop played by Frank Grillo who is one of the 'go to' guys when you want a strong physically appealing lead but you can't afford the likes of an 'A' list actor. A Van Damme of modern day if you will. The film doesn't have the subtle finesse of the original. Its a much more hands on Kick ass approach to depicting the story, both from involvement of the characters with the aliens and how the screenplay unfolds. It isn't that I don't necessarily like this approach, but in the manner it's been done it is a bit hackneyed and as a result the film does come across a little cheesy and clichéd. The Special effects are good, more or less on par with the original so there are no glaringly obvious visual discrepancies that would otherwise put you at odds with expectations. I can't say I like the direction because it makes the movie experience too much like so many films before it. The original managed to establish a distinctly unique perspective which I found really appealing, but this one definitely gives a more paint- by-numbers experience. The plot is a little loose. Half way through they end up in some Asian country, fights between humans ensue for no apparent reason, and of course there's a lot of Martial arts involved. Later, there's plenty more martial arts involving aliens too. In the original Predator film, Jean Claude Van Damme was cast to play the predator, but left the set after 2 days when he realised he wouldn't be able to perform any martial arts. Quite rightly so since ET's Kungfu studios are established across the galaxy. In this film the producers seem to have just given free reign for the plot to roam, so there's all sorts of random occurrences, including kung fu for the sake of it. The familiar format for an invasion type film really comes into play half way through the film. it's complete with a scientist/boffin, his total understanding of the situation and (yes you guessed it) a quick fix ,involving an upload to the invading aliens which will elicit their defeat. Ok its a biological one, but its still a cut and past of very very tired notion.Ok I'm not going to bitterly slate this one because it is somewhat shallow on originality. If you like the 'resistance from a small determined group of rebels theme' and/or 'the strong elite warrior overcomes adversary through grit and tenacity to save the human race' type films, then this one is for you. I didn't like the format much nor the transition of the aliens from formidable hyper tech creatures at the beginning, to vulnerable wannabes invaders you could beat with a few karate kicks and a pen knife by the end. Ultimately this was a decent B movie, but nothing like the inspiringly creative installation we had with the first one. It was just too generic for my liking. Still, I think it's an ok watch if you're not expecting too much, you like your sci-fi two dimensional, or just like to see aliens eventually get an ass-whooping. As I said, I was more or less fine till half way through, about 50 minutes in, but watched the remainder with my eyes either rolling in their sockets or with eyebrows raised.I'm giving this one a 5/10 because I was somewhat bored and a little restless by the end and I can't think of any circumstances where I would to watch it again. I do appreciate it isn't a bad film by a long stretch, but I think it lazily discarded all its originality for the sake of pandering to a spoon fed audience, and that seriously diminished what was on offer.My recommendation here really depends on your tastes. I have no doubt some will love it, but I think the more discerning film goers, particularly the sci-fi ones, won't be so welcoming. Which are you?
5 The deal here is expectations. Al Pacino playing a crusty cop practically being forced out of retirement by a serial killer as well as his old fellow officer with a connection to the officer's murdered wife. This could be a taught thriller. Well, forget about taut and lower the thrills. Hollywood mediocrity and bombast has spit out another wannabe "7" that goes south. The central thread of the crimes is the use of the hangman game by a daily kill. Don't ask how the perp can possibly string his murders together with intricate staging in such a compact time frame. This fact is suppose to be horrendously creepy and sinister one is to suppose? It comes off quite silly. Because the cops can't keep our attention even with Pacino the viewer gets the device of a young journalist who is signed-off to do a story about their dedicated under-appreciated jobs. Conveniently this reporter gets in just in time for The Hangman. Another layer of Hollywood that doesn't gel with a real crime story. So, the movie feels absolutely contrived and fake. Pacino is a waste as his laid back style doesn't add the element it's going for. The co-lead, Detective Ruiney as played by Karl Urban, barely registers even in comparison to Pacino's pedestrian Detective Archer. And as for the reporter Davies played by Brittany Snow it's so thrown in to the stew it comes off as pandering pure and simple. Hangman dashed all expectations for a return to some form for Pacino as it is a lame story with blah performances. Maybe because I'm stubborn I watched it to the end because I can't think of any other excuse?
5 Disney Channel Original Movies, are all the rage on the cable station, with epic promotion, marketing, and merchandizing to build up the film for your little ones. Back in the day, these movies actually did a decent job telling predictable stories, that held some suspense and impressive stunts in a variety of sports and disciplines. Since the new age of Disney though, these stories have taken a major hit in their quality, resorting to marketing gimmicks and dance numbers to do their lifting and dumping the story down the drain. After the success of Descendants, the studio that brought the villain prodigy tales to you, brings another movie to the small screen, in hopes of maximizing the ratings again. Robbie is back with another review on TV movies, so let's get started, shall we?LIKES:The Message: Disney is taking some bold moves in their political statements, doing little to disguise the messages contained in the movie. Zombies is a flat-out statement about how wrong racism is, with the entire writing/cinematography set out to show the horrors of prejudice. The movie shows the various responses to the candor of segregation, and the right and wrong ways to fight all under the prowess of changing things that need to be changed. In addition, the movie has a strong focus on being yourself, learning to change things that are toxic about yourself, not because someone doesn't like it. The Leads: Milo Manheim and Meg Donnelly are the stars of the show, getting a majority of the camera time. Milo has a fresh energy about him, giving the movie that entertaining, fun quality you want in a DCOM. He manages to transition between silly and serious smoothly, never crossing into the realm of overacting. In addition to acting, his dance moves, singing, and ability to act like a savage, brain hungry monster are worth noting as well. Meg on the other hand is the strong, women protagonist that is the trend of Disney at the moment. While not wielding spears or martial arts that leave extra reeling in pain, Meg's public speaking and political games are the highlights of her character's ability. Like Milo, she has a good balance in her tones and acting style, alongside an impressive facial acting that speaks the emotions and tone of the scene. She injects energy at the right moments but stands as the symbol of hope/change in this installment. And in terms of singing, her harmony with the actors is astonishing and quite honestly my favorite voice of the group. The Dance Numbers: The focus of this movie is obviously the musical numbers. What will most likely be a hot selling item, these numbers capture the energy and spirit of the movie. Unlike other musicals that focus on adjusting their styles to make a nice blend for the track, Zombies sticks to the major pop meets electronic beat. While not as dynamic, this allowed for some impressive choreography that brought in some breakdancing, some line dancing, and even more so the cheerleading flips and dynamics. These numbers work in the theme of the movie and again highlight the singing talents of our stars. DISLIKES: The Story: While the message is good, the story really took steps down in terms of quality. For one thing, the story isn't unique, just a carbon copy of half of their stories, which are often diluted versions of classic movie stories. But ignoring this, the movie is not fleshed out very well with so many plot holes and stretches having to be taken to even semi-piece the tale together. The character development is rushed and sloppy, the love story fairly cheap and pathetic (when they aren't singing), and the impasses are laughable as they resolve with little to no effort. It's obvious that the focus was music, because much of this story looked for opportunities to introduce another song number, sacrificing key plot points. The Other characters: Not everyone will fall into this dislike, but a large number of the characters are lame to put it as nicely as I can. These characters are those with extreme flaws/prejudice, who fail to move an ounce during the first 85 minutes and often present their grandiose ways in an overacted direction. I can't tell how much of this is due to the direction and writing, but these characters are certainly some of the weaker ones to grace the Disney line up. Characters like Bucky and his squad in particularly are the worst, in terms of their inconsistency and presentation. And the parents of the crew/fans are only a couple of paces behind. The Writing: This would explain a lot in terms of the other dislikes, but the writing was kind of shoddy in this film for me. Dialogue is limited in terms of anything unique, with only the anti-segregation lines holding any sustenance to them so you can get some mimicking from your kids started. Outside of that, I've already stated that the writing built everything around the dance numbers, leading to rushed plot lines, rapid character development that is almost nonexistent, and just poor planning in general. Cheap Production: I know TV movies don't have the biggest budget, but seeing as Disney is essentially the money maker of the world, they could have done better than this. Zombie's stunts are not the greatest in terms of special effects, with many props looking snazzy, but very cheap. Sure, the light shows and setting look decent, but they can't mask another big dislike, they couldn't find another team/different uniforms to switch them into. You pay attention, you see that the football teams and cheerleaders are all the same. It's not the fact that unique teams are key to a movie, it's the laziness that the movie had when they have the means to go all out. In addition, beating the same team over and over, means again a lack of developing story/tension. Lazy on Soundtrack: You just heard me say I like the soundtrack, so why on Earth am I putting this as a dislike. Simple, because half the track is unique and the other half are just reprisals that often pale to the first mix. Descendants, Teen Beach Movie, and even High School Musical do a nice job with keeping their tracks different, unique, and with as few remixes as possible. Zombies failed on this level, cheating the fans out of unique mixes just to cut some costs. Why Disney didn't fun this DCOM more so, I don't know, but it didn't impress me in these regards. At least the numbers didn't have those annoying, lazy lyrics like some tracks have had though... right. The VERDICT; Zombies, in my opinion, was a massively overhyped movie that promised a lot more than it delivered. I'll admit it was fun at times, energetic, and a great medium for promoting anti-segregation (always a plus) and that the acting and dance numbers did their jobs. However, this installment makes me fear tor the future of DCOMs if all they focus on is the music and the merchandizing that will follow. This team cut a lot of corners, shucking originality, deeper development, and meaningful dialogue and comparing it to other DCOMS that remain hidden in their vaults, it's sad. I'm hoping they will utilize the star actors and the supporting zombies in future projects, but the company needs to get their act together if they plan to keep their DCOMS from further plunging down into crappy depths. My scores: Musical/Romance: 5.0Movie Overall: 3.0
5 I would imagine viewers would either really love this movie or be totally turned off. It is presented in a different format for its time (since copied), has very odd and profane characters, accents that are difficult to understand, and tells an unpleasant story with some disgusting scenes. So, why do I enjoy this film, being an old-fashioned so-and-so?Well, because I usually enjoy "stylish" film-making and dark humor and this has both in abundance. This is almost as stylish as it gets: fascinating visuals, odd camera angles and various tricks, sound effects, etc. Most of the characters in this bizarre crime film have colorful nicknames and most speak in a strong British accent. A gypsy, played by American Brad Pitt, is almost intelligible.This is why I strongly recommend you use English subtitles while watching this film, at least for the first viewing, or you will totally lost. The DVD offers a feature I've never seen before: the option of using subtitles solely for Pitt's character. The filmmakers knew few people were going to understand Pitt's weird way of speaking. Anyway, I recommend the subtitles for everyone. It makes the film more enjoyable when you know what's going on, especially with the many slang terms used in here that have to be totally foreign to most viewers outside GB.Since the action changes every two minutes to another scene with other people (Lord of The Rings subsequently did the same), it's had to get lulled to sleep or have your mind wander. Something wacky is going on every few minutes. The attitudes of the criminals are rough: these are low-life people in the underworld: extremely tough people with the toughest being "Bricktop" (Alan Ford) who likes to feed people to the pigs. There are a ton of f-words in here, too.The disjointed story is not easy to follow and I found I needed several viewings to understand everything that was going on. The characters are so strange, so cartoon-like, that - combined with the unique visuals - it makes it a fascinating film to watch every time. Some of these actors were fairly unknown at the time of this release , at least here in the States, such as Jason Statham ("The Transporter") but we know them know. There is a good mix of young and old actors in here.This is a guy's movie with the top dozen actors in this film all tough-talking, almost-crude men (plus a funny dog). It's so weird, I'll just end with the cliché that "this is not for all tastes" but if you enjoy dark humor and something totally different, you might want to give it a shot. Just remember to turn on the subtitles.
5 Revising such film noir conventions as a story told through the unreliable point of view and voice-over narration of a morally flawed investigator-protagonist, the pervasive infusion of a dark past into the narrative present, and the use of a femme fatale as an embodiment of evil allure, Memento is perhaps the most original and intriguing revision of the genre since Welles' Touch of Evil.As almost every commentator has noted, the most startling (or 'gimmicky') feature of Memento - and one with obvious roots in the film noir tradition - is its inverted/contorted plot structure. The film loops backwards episodically to present a series of revelations about the main character, Lenny (Guy Pearce), about the motives of his antagonists 'Teddy' (Joe Pantolino) and 'Natalie' (Carrie Ann Moss), and about the nature of Lenny's memory-loss condition. His condition 'isn't amnesia' (or so Lenny tells everyone he meets) but rather such severe short term memory loss that he is unable to assimilate and retain experience - in other words, to make new memories. Consequently, Lenny's identity, or more precisely his self-knowledge, is arrested at the moment he received a blow to his head while trying to stop intruders from raping his wife.Everything that has happened thereafter has no subjective reality for Lenny, only whatever 'objective' reality he can forge using instant photos, notes to himself, and - for the really important stuff - tattoos. But matters are even more complex and paradoxical than this setup might lead one to expect. Gradually, the viewer learns that even the clear memories that Lenny claims to have from before the assault are, like dreams, colored by protective distortions and selectivity. Moreover the so-called facts he has assembled in his investigation and that he defensively claims are more reliable than memory turn out to be irretrievably entangled in subjective motives: his own, Teddy's, and Natalie's. Thus the viewer's initial sympathy for Lenny as a justifiable victim/avenger transforms to horror as Lenny's true current identity becomes clear.Importantly, Memento's regressive plot structure is punctuated and counter-pointed by a series of noirish black and white flashbacks in which Lenny relates to an anonymous phone caller the story of Sammy Jankis, another sufferer of short term memory loss who, ironically, was Lenny's big case in his pre-trauma life as an insurance investigator. Unlike the main narrative, the Sammy sequences are told in chronological order, strategically intersecting and organizing the narrative as it wends its way backwards to the moment when Lenny decides to set in motion the data trail that will lead to the murder we see him commit in the film's opening sequence. In addition, Lenny's reconstruction of the Sammy sequences is itself dreamlike and unreliable since he attributes to Sammy characteristics that (if we can believe Teddy, an utterly corrupt cop) are Lenny's own.In addition to providing plot exposition and a recurring visual/narrative reference point, the Sammy sequences also bring into clear thematic focus the existential implications of memory loss. Like Sammy's, Lenny's 'condition' is a reduction to the most minimal and absurd level of the human mental processes for constructing meaning (in life, in film) out of fragmentary phenomena and evanescent recollections. In an age of Alzheimer's, deconstruction, and ego-fictions, most viewers will all-too-easily identify with Lenny's painfully hopeless and terrifyingly arbitrary quest to hold reality steady as is it fizzles and flits away.
5 I wasn't aware that this was a remake before I watched this. Bella Thorne and Schwarzenegger are both one big cringefest in this movie. Which wouldn't have been necessary. I think that if there was a different cast it would have been a totally different movie, and would have gotten a higher rating. I'm unsure if much of it was improvised or perhaps the writers just don't know how teenagers talk to each other? Anywho. Five stars.
5 Jeffrey Dahmer was one of the most notorious serial killers of the United States. "My Friend Dahmer" is a slow-paced film disclosing his coming of age in the high-school. In this film, Dahmer is the son of a dysfunctional family that enjoys to study animal bones, collecting dead animals on the road. He is also a problematic shy teenager with difficulties in the relationship with his mates like many kids are. The screenplay is not clear but seems to show that the divorce of his parents and the separation from his closest friend might have trigged something evil in his troubled mind. But despite the good performances, the narrative is boring and maybe indicated for fans of the story of Dahmer only. My vote is five.Title (Brazil): Not Available
5 I'm going to confine my comments about "Singin' in the Rain" to the "Broadway Rhythm" sequence where Cyd Charisse steals the movie without saying a word. In my view, Charisse, who is still gorgeous at 83, was the quintessential movie dancer of the 1950s. Her height, elegance, aloofness and those impossibly long legs -- along with an uncanny ability to match her style to that of her partner -- makes watching her dance a mesmerizing experience.Many have said that the two numbers in "Singin' in the Rain" that feature Charisse probably belong in another movie. I don't know as the flapper in jade, she sexes up Kelly's rube character to a steamy height unusual in movies of that era. In a dance full of wonderful moves, my favorite comes after she's left him with her cigarette holder. She sashays away from him, blowing on her nails in studied boredom. She's gotten some distance away, and as she tosses her right hand back, he throws down the cigarette holder, grabs her hand and brings her flying up to his chest, where she proceeds to slide down Kelly's thigh to the floor for one of several prone positions she takes during this duet, from which she returns to a standing position with amazing grace. I'm not wild about dances that rely heavily on props, but this one does so very effectively: they're amusing and they reinforce character.And thank heaven for the artistic control that allowed Kelly to keep the "crazy veil" number in the picture. Charisse has discussed that dance, where she got to show off her early ballet training, most charmingly for a "Word of Mouth" feature on TCM. She and others have noted over the years that the wind machines required to keep that impossibly long veil moving and undulating between and above her and Kelly made filming a nightmare. But it looks effortless, on a set that is a subtle optical illusionnot as deep nor as sloped as it appears to be.Both dances end the same way. Whether she's a cheap gangster's moll in garish green or a Grecian goddess in white, less obviously in a mobster's sway, Charisse is invariably lured back to reality by proffered baubles and menacingly tossed coins. But at the end of the crazy veil number, she's the one tossing the coins.Wonderful.
5 Greetings again from the darkness. Why, Billy Ray, why? It's not surprising that Hollywood green-lighted the Americanization of the 2010 Oscar winner for Best Foreign Language film, El secreto de sus ojos. That original from Argentina is exemplary filmmaking and a thoroughly entertaining and compelling mystery-thriller; a must-see for any true film lover. Even if an Oscar-studded cast is hired (2 Oscar winners, 8 nominations), the guiding inspiration for a remake should be more than losing the subtitles and filming Julia Roberts without make-up.The story balances two timelines spanning 13 years. Jess (Ms. Roberts) is an investigator who works with FBI Agent Ray (Chiwetel Ejiofor), Assistant District Attorney Claire (Nicole Kidman), and a blustering District Attorney played by Alfred Molina. When Jess' daughter is brutally murdered, the investigation is impacted by the suspect's role as a department snitch. When we catch up all those years later, the unrequited attraction between now former FBI Agent Ray and now DA Claire is as strong as ever; Jess' appearance is on par with someone suffering from a terminal illness, and the murder still hovers over these characters as if it had occurred last week.It's a fascinating story that was handled superbly in the original, yet mostly comes across as uninspired in this latest project. At times, it's even a bit confusing in how the two eras are handled. The score from Emilio Kauderer and a couple of fine scenes from Ms. Roberts (although she gets no credit here for appearing sans-makeup) are the best parts of this one. Otherwise, Mr. Ejiofor (usually a fine actor) goes over-the-top, while Ms. Kidman is simply miscast and unable to generate the proficiency required for her position. Other support work comes courtesy of Dean Norris ("Breaking Bad"), Michael Kelly ("House of Cards") and Zoe Graham.Other than lacking the grit and realism of the original, the editing and camera work (so exceptional in the first version) at times come off as amateurish this time around. The soccer/futbol sequence from the original is replaced with Dodgers baseball (Chavez Ravine and Vin Scully) and a link to former Manager Walt Alston. Normally that would be considered an improvement, but again, these fall short and fail to generate the necessary suspense. A weak impersonation of the famous long-tracking shot certainly doesn't help.For anyone who hasn't seen writer/director Juan Jose Campanella's (an Executive Producer here) excellent original, this version from Billy Ray (Shattered Glass) might prove interesting enough; however, those same folks are strongly encouraged to instead track down the original, and experience the emotional depth and filmmaking expertise that made it such a worthy Oscar winner.
5 "The Bridge on the River Kwai" is neither an anti-war, nor a pro-war (if there is such a thing) film. I'm not really sure just what such designations actually mean. "Bridge ..." is richer and more personal than a simple depiction of epic events. In "Bridge ...", the epic supports the intimate. If you miss this, you miss a lot. "Bridge ..." is about the human heart first, and war second.After 47 years, it remains a powerful illustration of our failed hopes as human beings. (something sorely lacking in the more technically pre-occupied action films of today.) Oddly, it's an able companion to the less cinematic "A Streetcar Named Desire", or "Cat On a Hot Tin Roof" -- full of irony -- brilliant, subtle, and ultimately believable because we've all, in one way or another, experienced the feelings and the fears of the principals.You can't miss, entirely, this interpretation if you watch the film carefully, and open your senses to the quieter moments: Saito weeping alone having lost the battle of wills, or sending a letter home (Even a brutal camp warden can do that -- nation, race, codes of honor notwithstanding); Saito's confession to Nicholson that he had wanted to be an artist but that his father thought he "belonged in the army"; the scene on the completed bridge, which Saito begins, looking at the sunset and quietly declaring - "beautiful!", with a detached Nicholson attributing the observation to the bridge (his obsession); Nicholson, in turn, speaking of his thoughtful realization that he is "nearer the end than the beginning", and wondering, aloud, what the sum total of his life has meant "to anyone or anything". . . Rescued by the bridge, Nicholson, at last, has something of value to leave behind.. . . Neither, are the supporting characters free of the ironies of our existence. Shears yearns for a world in which there's no place for war, but who's final act is the ultimate act of war -- killing the enemy close-up, with a knife, and ending his own life in the same cause as did the prisoner he buried, and who's name he could not recall. Joyce, the recruit, who's pre-war occupation consisted of checking and re-checking columns of figures, wants the challenge of "thinking". The denouement of his aspiration nearly costs Warden his life and, ultimately, costs him his own.The climactic irony (Shakespearian to be sure) comes with Nicholson's realization that he has been living in "his own" and not "the world's" reality. A "friendly fire" mortar round, exploded behind him, shakes him back to "the way things are". . . "What have I done?", he asks before he falls on the plunger that will explode his own -- his only -- "beautiful creation" (ironically, again, his enemy's confirmation).We all strive to create, or just contribute to, a world in which our dreams can flourish. This includes the powerful, who approve the wars, and the powerless, who fight them. But, often, we find the realities of that world make the dreams of our part in it impossible to realize: The "madness" which, above the carnage, Clipton desperately verbalizes."The Bridge on the River Kwai" is a true classic because it can be so many things to so many people -- and it is timeless: The kids and many adults will enjoy the action, the historians will enjoy critiquing its accuracy, veterans will re-visit the comradeship of the "trenches", and film buffs will revel in the picture's rhythm, drama, and well-executed technical elements.In the final analysis, the settings, costumes, historicity, etc. are only "helpers" (however beautifully provided by Lean and company). Its bigger theme -- the aspirations of the human heart, and the painful surrendering of those aspirations -- are what we are most urgently invited to experience in this extraordinary film. 10 out of 10.
5 Well, it try to be well crafted.The siblings interaction was well acted.Maybe the edit and Tempo was too long and on the shoulder of the main teenager actress ?Not easy to bring a great crafted scary, this one not one of them. maybe needed to be more adult and gruesome . But
5 What did I just watch? Seriously this movie is not at all what I expected. The first act is pretty entertaining and sets up an interesting premise where the Bella's have to compete with real bands using instruments. This plot is almost completely abandoned however when the movie decides to become an action movie with a hostage situation. There is a severe tonal problem with this movie but I can't say I didn't have fun with certain aspects and scenes. This movie will probably satisfy Pitch Perfect super fans but doesn't offer much other than "what if Pitch Perfect was John Wick?". This film has no where near the fun or heart of the previous instalments and I wouldn't seek it out but it's not without merit either.
5 There has been a lot of bad reviews about this movie, but I really don't understand why. In my opinion, this was one of the best movies I've seen this year. It's for everybody. There's action, drama, adventure, romance, and more. The film was emotional, and was exciting to watch. When Ben was sliding down the mountain and nearly died, or when Alex leaves the plane to go for what she believes, all was interesting to watch. Don't listen to the bad reviews. The only thing about the movie was the beginning was a little fast paced, but the rest was fabulous. I recommend this movie.
5 To watch "The General" is to be both awed and amused at what takes place. The consensus view is correct: This is an amazing movie.You know what's more amazing? Despite what most critics say, Buster Keaton made funnier, better films than this.Keaton, a lifelong railroad buff, is engineer Johnny Gray, captain of "The General," a locomotive which carries passengers and freight across the American South. When the Civil War breaks out, he tries to enlist and thus please his girl Annabelle Lee (Marion Mack), but the authorities deem him more useful running trains. When Union spies seize the General with an idea of using it to burn bridges and disrupt the Confederate supply line, it's up to Gray to save the day.New York Times reviewer Mordaunt Hall reviewed "The General" back in 1926 and expressed disappointment. "This is by no means so good as Mr. Keaton's previous efforts," he wrote. People cite Hall's review as a classic example of "what-do-critics-know" but the more I read, the more I agreed with him. "The fun is not exactly plentiful," he wrote, noting Keaton here was too much the acrobat, too little the clown.When I watched "The General," I felt disappointment, too. Like Hall's, it wasn't total; it's exciting and inventive and boasts some of the finest screen compositions I've ever seen. The technical expertise on display is astounding. It's just that the overall experience left me a bit flat.First, you have what Roger Ebert liked to call "the idiot plot." Gray tries to enlist and is rejected by the army because he's too valuable as a train engineer. Annabelle apparently never learns this, for she rejects him as a coward. "I don't want you to speak to me again until you're in uniform," she huffs.Either he's an idiot for not explaining the truth of the matter, or she's an idiot for preferring her lover be cannon fodder than a real asset to their cause. Anyway, Buster does manage to make this play later on: When he finally speaks to her, he is in uniform, an enemy uniform.The other main issue involves what Lincoln called "the slows." A lot of the story is literally trainwatching. Buster does some brave, amazing stuntwork and throws in some clever gags (later joined by Mack, who's no Sibil Seely but still quite game), but it's basically a lot of watching trains go by. The craft here is in the precision of the camera-work and the split-second timing, not so much the comedy. In fact, except for Buster himself, everyone plays it completely straight, probably because this is real history being presented. Compared to other Keaton comedies, it feels a bit strait-jacketed by that."The General" is still a solid thrill comedy with some amusing one- liners ("If you lose this war, don't blame me," Johnny yells after being rejected) and brilliant sight gags, like the fussy Annabelle's rejection of unattractive firewood while Buster struggles to stoke the engine.To me, that's enough for "The General" to be another good reason for loving Buster Keaton. I just can't understand it being the preeminent reason. Maybe critics can't really love a comedy for just making you laugh and laugh. I'm just glad Keaton made other movies at least as brilliant as "The General," and funnier, too.
5 I really looked forward to watching Snatch. Not only was it from the director of 'Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels', one of my favourite UK movies of all time, but it had Brad Pitt in, who since Twelve Monkeys and Fight Club is my numero uno cool actor.But I ended up greeting many of the attempts at humour with a stoney face, found some of the images (notably the one with the body bags) just gross and distasteful and the entire plot lacking in the FUN that had been Lock, Stock.The plot didn't seem to weave as much - the diamond changed hands predictably, the comedy dog wasn't and some of the gags were so...sitcom-like. Ooooh...a fat man having trouble getting out the car.The characters were bad too. Ah, he has a cockney accent that's all  we need to know about him. Ah, everyone f***ing hates Pikies. That's funny repetition.The violence didn't fit with the cheeky style the film attempted...It makes me angry to think how much better Lock, Stock is. And it's a warning to ppl making a 'next' movie - change the plot, setting, chracters, tone, etc. so that comparisons between two movies are left abstract.Snatch is the half-backed sequel to Lock, Stock. But Ritchie sold out earlier than Lucas. If you look carefully you can see Ewoks everywhere.....or is it just lack of originality?
5 Greetings again from the darkness. Getting older is often used as comedy fodder for entertainment purposes; however, there is fine line that can be crossed into disrespect and melancholy. Long time Italian director Paolo Virzi (HUMAN CAPITAL, 2013) delivers his first English-language film, and it's at times quite uncomfortable to watch. Marketed as a dramatic-comedy road trip by a long married couple, the film provides a few laughs, but an overwhelming pall of sadness mostly sets the tone, while sliding right into my category of Gray Cinema.Helen Mirren is Ella Spencer, and Donald Sutherland is her husband John. They are a happily married couple who, to the shock of their grown children and neighbor, hit the road in their 1970's era Winnebago. Isn't it interesting that an RV of age is considered "classic", while old people are just referred to as "old"? John is a curmudgeonly former Professor and Helen is a gregarious, adventuresome woman who fondly recalls the many family trips in this same RV. She is clearly the one in charge, and has planned this road trip from their upscale Wellesley, Massachusetts home to Ernest Hemingway's house in Key West. Although John recites his favorite passages from Hemingway and Melville, he is certainly battling the effects of dementia ... a battle that frequently has a negative impact on Ella's enjoyment of their time together. While he may recall details of a long-ago student, he often forgets the names of his own kids - or even his wife! While John's mental state is causing emotional pain for Ella, it's her own untreated cancer that is driving her body to fail her. They are each slipping away in different ways, though their paths lead to the same destination. Based on the novel from Michael Zadoorian, four different writers worked on the screenplay, and that is likely the cause of the distorted tone and approach. It's quite difficult to be funny when the moments are so poignant and sad. There is even a political undercurrent which is teased, but carries no heft or substance. Taking place during the most recent Presidential campaign, Trump rallies are used as punchlines, and a Hillary rally is inferred. Neither have any impact, though a sequence involving a roadside robbery ends with (unintended?) support of carrying a gun, even if it was an odd attempt at humor.Janel Moloney and Christian McKay are little more than caricatures as the grown kids, while we do get to see Dick Gregory's final on screen appearance (he passed away last year). Carole King and Janis Joplin songs are put to obvious use, and there aren't enough "Happy Swirls" in the world to overcome the inherent fear that most aging folks have towards a failing body or mind ... and this film shows both sides, while attempting to inject humor on that one last road trip that most of us dread.
5 Bryan Singer has made it no secret that he was going to make this film a sequel of sorts to the first two Superman films which starred Christopher Reeve. Which I though was an interesting idea even though I thought Superman 2 was lame. However, I thought the premise of Superman returning after a long absence was a great idea, unfortunately Singer's heavy reliance on the first two films really crippled this film.Some minor film details are included in my comments below which may hint at spoilers... **********I attended a screening of Superman Returns last night, and even though I'm not the biggest Superman fan, I was REALLY looking forward to seeing this film. I have to admit I had misgivings about the casting of Kate Bosworth and Brandon Routh because there were too young. However Brandon Routh was the BEST Superman yet and Kate Bosworth really did very well as Lois Lane. Kevin Spacey was GREAT as Lex Luthor, especially when he and Routh (briefly) shared the screen. However Parker Posey was wasted in a dull cliché. The opening credit sequence was amazing. Hearing the original Superman theme gave me chills. The next 45 minutes of the film were awesome. Lex's reintroduction demonstrates at his ruthlessness even on a smaller scale. Clark Kent/Superman's return home was thoughtful and well done, as was the reintroduction to the crew at the Daily Planet. However, because Singer assumes that we all saw the first two films he apparently does not feel the need to develop any of the characters outside of Superman and Lois. Lex Luthor's character is just a caricature of a mustache twirling villain, and even though Spacey does this very well, it's hard to take him seriously as a threat. His "evil" plan is nothing more than a rehash of Gene Hackman's Lex Luthor the 1978 film except using crystals instead of nukes. There is NO REAL logic behind his motives at all if you think about it. More importantly you just don't care if he succeeds or not. Lex Luthor's character is only validated in the very brief face to face confrontation with Superman at the end. Let me say that Lex/Superman confrontation at the end is one of the BEST scenes in the whole film and further proof of wasted potential. Lex Luthor shows how truly evil he can be, and again Spacey does an amazing job here. The on screen presence of Brandon Routh and Kevin Spacey together was SO good. Routh could really hold his own next to Spacey. Too bad Singer couldn't have found a way to elaborate on this scene or do something more interesting with the characters than just having Luther (figuratively) twirl his mustache and have Superman pine over Lois Lane the whole film.Overall, this film is bound in a weak story with plot holes big enough to drive a truck through. The story relies too heavily on the Superman/Lois Lane love story so much so that the rest of the film, and the other characters, just feel like an after thought.
5 I love these "scary woods" stories and if you haven't seen YELLOW BRICK ROAD, check it out. The first hour of THE RITUAL is excellent--great acting, dialogue, music and an unsettling mood is quickly established. But once we only have two remaining men...the climax slows to a crawl when it should speed up. What happened to all that scary tension we had built up? While wisely holding back showing too much or telling too much for the first hour, the final 30 minutes reveal it's all THE HILLS HAVE EYES visit THE WICKER MAN and the film collapses. And, the biggest (?) mistake, they show the creature that the people worship. Not sure why--it's odd looking but not that terrifying and the final scene where the man is yelling at it, thrilled that he's escaped, doesn't work. And then? The screen goes black, credits roll. A real disappointment but the first hour is GREAT!
5 Wildling has a promising start even though it is very reminiscent to The Room in its early scenes. As the story unfolds, the film basically disintegrates before finally stopping with a badly written ending. At times, you could also connect the story to the one of Raw, the French film from 2016. I would advise you to see that one since it is incomparably better than Wildling. The acting is quite decent but the story feels underdeveloped, sloppy and it also contains some unecessary cheesy teenage romantic moments. There are not many special effects, but even the ones present are poorly executed. I know this is a harsh review and I wish I could list some more positives but they are simply not there. It is a shame since the opening minutes are not bad.
5 Alice Kingsleigh (Mia Wasikowska) is captaining her father's ship, The Wonder, escaping Malay pirates. She's a year late returning to London. Her father had died and her ruthless ex-fiancé Hamish Ascot has taken over. Her mother sold the family's shares. Hamish threatens to take The Wonder. Alice follows Absolem through the Looking Glass onto the other side. The Hatter (Johnny Depp) has gone darker and madder. He is haunted by memories of his family lost to the Jabberwocky. She has to get the Chronosphere from the hands of Time (Sacha Baron Cohen) and return to the past to save Hatter's family.Director James Bobin retrieves Tim Burton's wonderful visual excessiveness to churn out another Alice movie. Burton's movie is a jumbled sequel to Lewis Carroll's work whereas this one reinterprets it completely. The first one is no masterpiece of storytelling but at least, it has the fun of new invention of imagery. This one is no longer so new. Wasikowska's spunky innocence has turned into full fledged defiance against old-timey sexism. I actually like the attempt to find the origins of the sisters' rivalry but I don't like the execution. Sacha Baron Cohen's Time would probably work better as a supporting character. He's neither villain nor hero. Alice is more reckless than heroic. It needs more Red Queen's villainy to give Alice more heroism. The story needs more heart and gets washed out by its CGI action overload. There is an attempt here but it is unable to be good.
5 I thought the original movie of it "The Infernal Affairs" was more entertaining than "The Departed". The Infernal Affairs had more actions and more emotional than The Departed. It was total copy cat of the Infernal Affairs. When Leonardo DiCaprio was trying to beat Matt Damon on the top of the building was lame. With the Infernal Affairs was awesome. Tony Leung(Leonardo) pointed his gun at Andy(Matt) and said, "Sorry, I'm a police officer." Later Andy killed Tony in the elevator that was great action. Unlike The Departed was really retarded. For the Infernal Affairs it's a 10/10! There is one thing that was good about The Departed was that there was Leonardo DiCaprio. He acted extremely well. Matt Damon doesn't know how to act. They should of had Brad Pitt instead. The performance would be more outstanding. They got lots of cheap actors for The Departed. For the Infernal Affairs, they got a lot of expensive actors. GO INFERNAL AFFAIRS!!!
5 I love sci-fi. I LOVE it. So I've seen dozens of these average forgettable sci-fi b-movies. With this one it looks like they followed some sort of "generic sci-fi b-movie checklist". Let's get to the point:-Generic b-movie plot.-Generic physics mambo jambo that makes no sense.-Generic crew. Generic characters making obvious mistakes (I mean, if a magnet is strongly and dangerously attracting metal objects, would you get close to look at the magnet? or would you look behind you for metal objects coming through??)-Generic "we move power from system A to system B and that would fix everything!" plans.-Generic "ok, to fix this part of the ship, someone has to die... I'll sacrifice myself for you guys, go! save yourselves!" altruism moments.-Almost no character development. They try SO HARD (failing) to make us care about the main character, that when a generic crew member dies, you just don't even care.-Has almost nothing to do with Cloverfield. And the "explanation" of why cloverfield happened it's just bland... I wish Cloverfield's explanation would still be a mistery.I really wanted to like this, I really did. I loved Cloverfield and even 10 Cloverfield Lane, but this is just a flop.
5 Entertaining but predictable. Taraji P. Henson Is strong in the lead as an assassin with regret, but the story has nothing that has not been done before, this time it's with a black crime family. Danny Glover is again type cast in his usual dark moody role and is not challenged at all. The action scenes are ok but could have used some more invention and frankly seemed like it had been done before. It's entertaining but could have done with a tad bit more complexity and better script. Shame as it could have been more than just a modern, lazier version of Leon.
5 Please be aware that my review contains spoilers so please do not read further if you do want to have key plot points revealed.First things first, I'm a big fan of the original and have enjoyed immensely with each viewing, first from when I was a 10 year old until 2 weeks ago so I was interested to see what Villeneuve would do with the sequel.Watched it Saturday and must say the experience left me somewhat underwhelmed and frustrated at seeing such an opportunity to do something original go to waste, that I have decided to post my thoughts here on IMDb for the first time.In no particular here are some of my questions and general points about the film.Jared Leto's performance. How the hell is he such a high paid star? I cannot think of anything he is particularly memorable and this is no exception.His eyes. Are they distracting on purpose?If his character saved the world from starvation, how come there aren't millions of people worshiping him? Humans are suckers for finding idols and why shouldn't his character be any different. Crikey, we have dictators in our world who had days and months of the year named after family members. Why doesn't he have a massive army organised to hunt down Deckard instead of entrusting this to one replicant and a few goons?Monologues giving exposition is lazy storytelling and old Wallace loves a monologue.What is his plan? He wants to produce more replicants but kills one at the start for some spurious reason. Hint hint, to show the audience he is a very naughty. He also has the Rachel replicant killed. No wonder he cannot make enough replicants if he keeps killing them.Ryan Gosling plays Ryan Gosling again and although I don't dislike his performances, I find it hard to root for his character here, as I've seen it before in a much better film (Drive).The music wasn't particularly memorable and only made me think of the much better soundtrack from Bladerunner. Apparently this was intentional on Villeneuve's part as he removed the original composer who wanted to do something original. So instead, the director opted for Zimmer to make it more Bladerunnery and therefore less memorable for this film. The film did not merit or need the run-time it had. I appreciate the original BR took its time but it had a new world to show usThe ending was goofy and ridiculous. Why would K bring Deckard to his daughter who is the most wanted person in the history of want people? This will definitely endanger her given that Leto's character has a relationship with her and probably has her under some sort of surveillance. Hero comes back from the dead to say the day cliché at end was extremely predictable and had me rolling my eyes, which I shouldn't be doing the first time I watch a film.The blackout sounds like a much more interesting story than this. Caused by replicants? A solar flare? Was there a Trump two term presidency in this universe?Robots reproducing and creating their own has already been cover in Battlestar Galactica, who did it in a more compelling fashion with characters and stakes I cared aboutPlus, how come Leto's character hasn't figured out on to get replicants to reproduce? Why can't he produce them faster? How many has he killed before delivering a monologueSome of the visuals are stunning though lack depth or colour. The future looks fairly boring in comparison to Bladerunner 1982, which offered some very unusual street shots and characters. One included a guy with a eagle on his head. Nothing to really catch the eye in BR2049. Why not have Rachel as leader of the rebellion instead of some random person the audience has no connection with. When the capture Deckard, why on earth wouldn't they kill K? How did K know how to find the car with Dekkard at the end? We don't see him doing any investigative work to discover this information, despite the long run time.They made a replicant clone of Rachel but get the eye colour wrong? Seriously?How heavy handed was the prejudice? No subtlety whatsoever. Jeepers, you spend all that money on effects but then go minimum wage on screen writers. That sex scene reminded me of Ghost with all the syncing going on. Watching Whoopi do her thing was just as sexy as watching this scene, despite it having two incredibly attractive women present, along with Ryan Gosling who is no slouch himself in the looks department.The replicant rebellion feels shoehorned in rather than something which has grown and developed organically. Need to take lessons from Star Wars on how to introduce a rebel alliance story.The golden rule of cinema is broken here when they show/play clips from a much better film.Critics are only offering gushing praise for a film with considerable flaws because they don't wish to get caught out like the critics of 82. Back they, the critics hated it because they couldn't see the hidden depth, this time they see depth that simply isn't there. Even one of the character says something along these lines to another.
5 First to understand Gandhi's principles you must read his autobiography. He has admitted in his book that he was having sex while his father was dying. He admitted this when he was  known as Mahatma (a great soul). Who can dare to admit such a thing. He vowed that he will never lie in his life. Is it possible for you and me not to lie in life? He took vow about his cloths and wore same cloths (he was half naked in those cloths) while he was in London in winter!!!  Just imagine a freedom fight against Britain without any kind of weapon or violence!!! And he was successful. He gave freedom to India without any army. In fact his principles should be followed in today's world. I must say this movie was not enough to describe his principle. He was more than movie GANDHI. No body can capture his principles in a movie. For me he is like GOD because of his principles.GANDHI: " My life is my message". " I have nothing new to teach this world, truth and non- violence are as old as hills".
5 If you are going to watch it keep in mind this is not a pure mystery thriller it will disappoint you if you're expecting that. But as a comedy slasher mystery thriller it becomes watchable if you don't have anything else to see but it still has flaws. It's predictable and changes between suspense and comedy seemed dumb. Some things just didn't make sense and certain situations felt unnecessary. Still you can enjoy it but it's not a good movie nor bad just something to see in your free time.
5 TERRIFIER is a merciless, unforgiving, and filthy example of a perfect clown-sploitation movie.From beginning to end your attention will be rapt by the mesmerizing tension that borders on camp and absurd. For the most part, Art the Clown is a breath of fresh air in a genre that is rife with lack of originality and iconocism. Art is a new breed of slasher -- one that movie goers will quickly fall in love with like they have Freddy Krueger or Jason Voorhees. I dare say that Art the Clown is the new face of horror!The effects and the kills in this movie are brutal, disgusting, and soothe the appetite of horror fans who can't get enough blood. Art the Clown proves just how menacing and evil he truly is."Terrifier" is a movie for the horror fan who loves (or hates) clowns, and should be approached as a film and story that will entertain as well as disgust. With a hint of grindhouse, "Terrifier" will immediately become a part of any horror fan's Top 10 list of all time favorite cult films. This movie commands a fandom unlike any we've seen in decades!
5 For film fanatics like myself, Blade Runner 2049 is a great film for people to see, regardless if they've witnessed the original or not. On the other hand, if you've never seen the original Blade Runner and are just a casual moviegoer that have thought of the promotion for this film as being an action-packed thrill ride, then I'd have to warn to stay far away from this near three hour motion picture. It's very hard to review this film without getting into specific plot details, but that's exactly what makes this film worth the price of admission alone. For nearly every reason a film fan should be excited about a movie, here is why Blade Runner 2049 is a must see as soon as possible. Before dropping you into this world with Ryan Gosling's character, there is text at the beginning that will fill you in on the history of the events in the past, but even though that information is given to you, your experience just won't be the same without having viewed the first film multiple times and remembering the emotional core of it. Set out on a mission to find something of meaning to the overall story, Ryan Gosling's character (who will remain nameless for the sake of this review) uncovers mysteries and secrets from the past, inevitably involving Rick Deckard. Quite honestly, that's the plot in a nutshell and the specifics of the film will lead to ruining your experience, so let's get technical. If not for anything else, Blade Runner 2049 benefits from some of the best cinematography I've laid my eyes on in years. From the addition of the seamlessly blended visual effects, to the mind- blowing scenery constructed by the entire art department, I have nothing but praise for this film. Whether or not you find yourself enjoying your experience, the visuals alone should have you applauding, due to their incredibly detailed nature. I personally found the overall film to be magnificent, but when certain scenes were dialogue-free and asking you to gasp at the imagery, that's exactly what I was doing, as I feel many audiences members will. Again, without giving anything away, once Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford) enters the picture, the way both films sort of interconnect was brilliant in my opinion. It does justice to any loose ends that fans may have wanted in the past, as well as create a new story to gawk at in the process. With a terrifically restrained performance by Ryan Gosling, you'll find yourself sucked into this world as a fly on the wall, as he uncovers these mysteries. With the addition of Harrison Ford giving one of his most sincere and memorable performances, as well as Ana de Armas in a role that really took me by surprise, this film was casted to the nines from beginning to end. Some may complain about Jared Leto and Dave Bautista not being included as much, but I felt as though the served the story quite nicely. In the end, this movie aims to impress Sci-Fi fans across the world, but I feel as though the people who will be looking back on this as a possible classic or at least one of the best sequels ever made, are those who've had the pleasure of indulging in the greatness that is 1982's Blade Runner. I don't say this about films very often, especially when talking about sequels, but I haven't been this immersed in a theatrical experience in quite some time. This is definitely a superior film than the original, it's one of the best films of 2017, and I'll be revisiting it very soon. Blade Runner 2049 is getting a lot of praise and awards consideration from critics and filmgoers across the world, and every bit of it is deserved. Aside from being very long, this is pretty much a perfect film if you don't try to nitpick how it connects and certain questions that aren't blatantly answered. If you know what type of film you're in for, or you've at least seen the original and enjoyed it, I can't recommend this movie enough.
5 OK, so where to start? I had like the biggest expectations for Percy Jackson's first movie,I for one loved the book, and thought that it would be a great movie based on the trailers but WOW was I gonna get a surprise.First of all let me all say to you guys who have read the books that I actually didn't mind the fact that the actors were way older than the characters in the book, because I think this way it was a little bit more real due to the journey they had to go in their cross country trip from NY to LA, but here are my biggest disappointments in the movie:1.- Who the hell decided to take Ares & Kronos Out Of The Movie!!!!!!!!!! They should get fired, not to mention getting Annabeth in The role of Clarisse when introducing here in the movie.2.- A quest for the pearls wasn't such a bad idea in order to justify their cross country trip but, changing events and avoiding facts like the bus explosion and the attack of the Furys, and changing stuff like the arch of Sant Louis for the Parthenon in Nashville... for real??? Nashville???? And The Chihuahua Turned Chimera changed for the Hydra (In Book 2)??????3.- Hades dressed like Ares was supposed to, and becoming a bad guy when he actually wasn't bad at all????4.- Dropping The storyline of Hades invisibility Helmet and just making him want the lighting bolt???5.- OK And lets just make Luke an almighty bad guy who can fool the gods all by himself.6.- Not To mention that Grover is now a senior keeper he is not a searcher so he ain't supposed to be anywhere else but in half blood camp in the second movie (which I doubt will get made)7.- Really his mom just kicked her husband out??? what about Medusa's head????I've had no problems in the past in movies like harry potter where they keep the main storyline and drop some other less important story lines but changing the hall background of the movie and the depth of their problems in general I think It's I huge mistake.If you have not read any books, U'll probably like it, but otherwise... AVOID THE MOVIE.
5 Another terrific suspense film from Henri-Georges Clouzot, Les Diaboliques (also known as "Diabolique") is a tense story of murder, suspicion and revenge. The plot revolves around two women, Christina (Vera Clouzot) and Nicole (Simone Signoret) who conspire to murder the brutish man who is Christina's husband and Nicole's lover Michel, played by the delightfully sullen Paul Meurisse. He is the principal of a boarding school for boys who relies on Vera's money to support his excesses, and the two women are both teachers at the school.Vera has her doubts about committing murder, even though Michel is incredibly abusive. But Nicole convinces her to help drug and then drown Michel. All seems to be going well until Michels body goes missing and the two women turn against each other. The situation is complicated further by the appearance of a retired police inspector who is determined to help Vera find her "missing" husband, despite the poor woman's protests. The tension continues to mount until the hair-raising climax.This movie is on a par with some of Hitchcock's best work, although Clouzot doesn't mix much humor in with the suspense, as Hitch often did. However, Vera's interaction with the droll inspector does provides some chuckles. Unlike his previous film, The Wages Of Fear, Clouzot doesn't spend a whole lot of time on the set-up of the plot, but gets right to the meat of the matter, and from there Diabolique rolls along very quickly with barely a letup in the action.I can't believe it took me so long to see this masterpiece. Highly recommended.
5 If I could give this film a 0 I would. Terrible from start to finish. I quite like Amy Schumer. Sometimes she makes me laugh but this was not one of those times. It begins quite well and I thought, 'oh, OK maybe it won't be too bad', but I was wrong.It's full of vulgar sex jokes, drug jokes, bad dad jokes and bad boss jokes, which is OK for a bit but not something to base an entire film on. The guy who played Aaron was good, as was John Cena and LeBron James but that's about it. I literally couldn't have cared less about the characters and I didn't even watch till the end. It was just so bad I switched it off. I assume it ended happily, as it was exactly the kind of 'film-by- numbers' it was shaping up to be 30 seconds in. They did try for some emotion with her dad but it missed the mark.I do not recommend this film to anyone. It was almost as bad as Twilight.
5 Let me just start out by saying that this movie is literally two separate movies, that are merely tied together by a brief moment. The first half half was engrossing, rich in character development, and extremely well paced.Without spoiling anything, I would just like to say that I would have given the first half of this movie an 8 or 9. Unfortunately for whatever reason they decided to tell a story that was a great injustice to the quality cinema that was setup. In the end you get the same story that Cillian Murphy trudged through almost scene for scene recently. If you are a fan of the pervious movie, and want another take on the situation, I do recommend at least watching this film for the first half. Otherwise it has been done before, and much better in all aspects.
5 I can't believe I haven't reviewed this movie! Anyways.To be completely honest with you, I enjoyed "Jennifer's Body" for the next reasons:1) The Horror-Comedy entertainment in fast track, fast-food style. 2) It made me remember about the era when Horror Movies from the 80's were placed in junior or high school with plots such like "Trick Or Treat", "Deadly Friend", or even "Fright Night". I even consider this movie to be very similar to "Prom Night III: The Last Kiss". That's just me... Heck, even the posters look very similar. 3) It has everything to become a cult classic because of it's dialogs and plot.The plot is dynamic and it presents killings and gore very soon. Sure, always accompanied by a common bad habit in modern Horror: CGI. But which movie doesn't use it?I had doubts before watching the movie mainly because it's writer, Diablo Cody was the responsible for creating "Juno", a movie that generated plenty of controversy and gained plenty of hype to the point to be considered overrated and tendentious.Anyways, the script/plot is nothing new but it joins two very attractive topics that were extremely popular in the 80's: 1) Vampirism and Cannibalism; but this time it's a sexy succubus. 2) Hard Rock-Metal bands that worship the devil.All those elements land in a high school atmosphere, a situation that isn't bad at all if you take in consideration that the movie is oriented for young adults or teens.Let's keep in mind that this PG-13 movie invasion has had good exceptions like "Drag Me To Hell"; and in the case of "Jennifer's Body"; I truly believe it's a worthy option because it adds somehow originality to the genre.I think that the events are treated adequately in order to maintain a "cool" feeling through the running time for the audience thus making "click" with the characters. This is made through good acting from Amanda Seyfried who completely believes in her character and demonstrates her versatility as an actress. The good news is that Megan Fox's acting isn't painful. Heck, she even delivers signals that she could become a "decent" actress. Megan's role was perfect for her because she could exploit her obvious sensuality and sexuality and her "role model" image for young people. The chemistry between Seyfriend and Fox is really good and it's displayed in all the scenes they share. Even in the kinky and passionate kiss that rose the theater's temperature.We got memorable scenes like Jennifer walking in slow motion wearing tight jeans and a pink shirt. Or Jenn wearing the skimpy cheerleader miniskirt, the tough guy's split corpse, the fire in the bar, some junior high students singing the "In" song, Needy walking with a good attitude in the ending, the last fight between the two leads, the death scenes, etc.The negativity of the movie deals with the high expectations towards it created by the poster where it sells Megan's body. Some dialogs that try to be "cool", the now popular vampiric plot (this could be considered as "Twilight" for men!), and the not so good CGI.The Direction is pretty good and I enjoyed the contrast between some colorful atmosphere (school, bedrooms, the band playing, flashbacks) and the night sequences (dirty pool, woods, mist). A very good cinematography and art direction. I like the movie's look. The soundtrack was good and I even noticed myself moving my foot following the rhyming of some songs!. It's catchy, rock from the new millennium, but it works for the movie's tone. Gore is just decent although we don't get that much blood; we get a cool vampiric creature spitting insects and black blood, stabbings, harsh beatings, and more (Megan's demise).The vampiric-cannibalistic action is tremendously entertaining. The dialogs are pure trash but highly entertaining trash. Through some dialogs I realized that I'm getting old and I barely understood some in-jokes such as a thing with Hannah Montana, PMS, insults like Monistat, Vagisil, etc. It reminded me of my good days in late 80's Horror. The Horror-Comedy aspect is very well handled and delivers some smiles of irreverent. The same goes for the black humor which is the element that saved the movie from being...let's just say, another one from the pile.You should definitely check out "Jennifer's Body" in order to get some nostalgia feelings that deal with Highschool Horror which was often used in the 80's. Sure, not adapted to the needs of a consumerist society filled with clichés...you'll understand why. I have the slight impression that we will have many, many movies like "Jennifer's Body" in the future. Not a bad thing.
5 This film is in my top 3! it is that simple... I have seen this movie over and over again, because it's just that good. the 3 characters (Vinz, Saïd and Hubert)act superb. even tough the movie is in black and white, it enhanced the movie. the main story of the film is just great, a real sub-urban style. furthermore it is a very powerful non-Hollywood film and that is an extra bonus. watch this movie and you'r hooked for life haha :).the ending is so powerful that you think: this movie is just to good to be true.i know my comment isn't very helpfull, but i wanted to give you all my opinion about the film.
5 The movie kept me in constant questioning about who the killer was. However, the end left me confused and felt rushed and blended in a way that couldn't be followed. It was an interesting concept, poorly executed. There were too many flashbacks and too much future and present footage that was blended in a way that was hard to be followed. There was a lot of questions unanswered. This film isn't amazing, but it isn't terrible. It's just an average movie.
5 They could have done so much more with this movie. Really great idea, but extremely poore execution. No plot twist, really hard to understand the ending - did he do it, did he not? The ending killed it all for me.
5 My being familiar with the original 1971 Clint Eastwood version of this movie, I see that Sophia Coppola stripped away all the rich character development and backstory of Ms Farnsworth's incestuous relationship with her brother as well as the flashbacks that revealed the true conniving nature of John McBurney and the sexual fantasy aspect of these characters which was the basis for their motivation in the story. Miss Coppola seemed to sacrifice all this for the sake of making a film that appear to focus on nothing more than a fancy woman's dress party, as if they were all attending a gala ball every day, as well as some obsession of including trees with Spanish moss in almost every scene filmed at almost every angle with the camera being held on them for an usually prolonged period. The result of which made this film nothing more than a boring shallow one dimensional film and was seemingly made by her for the sake of creating nothing more than a moving piece of art to show female regal apparel and Spanish moss trees.
5 As I was walking down the stairs and out of the theater, I was trying as hard as I could to pull a smile out of my face. My friends tensely asked if I liked it, I said "Yes, of course!!" They nodded weakly in response. On the way home, I kept thinking to myself. "You liked it! C'mon! It's Spiderman!" Now, it's two days later, the euphoria of waiting for Spidey to come out has subsided, and I've begun to look at this flick a bit more (shall I say it?) critically.It's plain to see that Sam Raimi is a fantastic director. He knows when to do what and realizes that he is making a superhero movie, which is why the Spider-man movies have done so well. It's not like the recent Batman and Superman who try to hide the fact that they're just fun superhero films. Raimi knows his material and embraces it. The effects were astounding as usual. Spiderman's one-on-one fight with the Sandman and the crane scene being the major highlights. I thought these features would outbalance the weaker spots of the film, but unfortunately they did not.As far as acting goes, I'm surprised to say that Topher Grace stole the show. I remember how outraged everyone was when he was chosen, but obviously someone knew what they were doing when they let him on as Venom. James Franco and Kirsten Dunst played their usual selves (I can't help but think of Dunst dreaming of getting back to work with Sofia Coppola while doing these films). However, Tobey Maguire REALLY disappointed me. I've always thought he was so great at Spidey, which is undeniable in the first two films and even in this one...when he has his red suit on. Maguire is a one note actor, at least as far as Spidey goes. He just could not pull off the black suit; he wasn't good at being bad. Then came the horrific bridge scene with MJ. Along with most other people I've talked to, my entire theater erupted in laughter when he started crying. It was just...sad...and not in the way the writers intended it.Speaking of the writing, I hate to be beating a dead horse, but c'mon: 3 villains, Sandman's background, trouble with MJ, Harry's changing attitudes, 2 different Spidermans, competition at the Bugle, Gwen Stacy, etc. It was just WAY TOO MUCH! Even if you had four hours, it's just too much to cram into the audience in one sitting. The great thing about Spiderman 2 (the best of the trilogy) is how focused it was. You had the inner struggle, the villain and his relationship with MJ. There it was! Beautifully filmed and written. From the first 15 minutes of Spiderman 3, I knew that all these parallel story lines were going to crash within the next two hours. The sequence that shows how far they've fallen from part two is the whole emo/hair in the eyes/eyeliner/oh so cool "bad" Spiderman scenes. The first few minutes of this was funny in the same way that the "Raindrops are Falling on my Head" scene in part two was great, but this time they stretched a good thing way too far. This whole sequence is what sticks in my mind and refuses to let me think that the film was just as great as the rest.I tried to like it! I really did! I just can't fool myself any longer. Some critics like Peter Travers for Rolling Stone are saying that we can let this one slide because it's Spiderman, but I couldn't disagree more. Spiderman 3 missed the mark and, deep down inside, we all know it.
5 Add my voice to those underwhelmed by the latest edition of the Spiderman franchise. While it does contain some of the best action sequences I've ever seen, it is far from the best film ever made.The problem with the film is that there is simply too much going on. First off you have the Peter/MJ relationship bumping along, add to that the Peter/Harry story line still playing out, plus we have the addition of the Sandman story and coming in in the final half hour is the addition of Venom. Its too much for the movie to handle, the result of which it all feels half baked. Very few of the characters get the proper amount of time to develop with the worst offender is Eddie Brock and Venom who get zero and so seem to belong in another movie (Venom looks great which makes his under use seem even worse). The real proof the film has too much going on was that there are a couple of times where the plot is moved along by sudden out of left field revelations. The only one I"ll reveal, because its in the trailer, is that Sandman killed Uncle Ben in the first film. Had the film been better plotted the revelation wouldn't have been necessary, nor would any of the others. There are some bright spots, the majority of the Sandman material is sterling, with the first appearance of Sandman in the sand pit almost perfect, and the sequence that makes up his first battle with Spidey one of the greatest things I've ever seen put on film. The Sandman sequences alone make it worth slogging through the ups and downs of the rest of the movie.Is it a bad movie? No, just a disappointing one. Its clear that this could have and should have been the best in the series (and maybe the best film of the year) had all of the right pieces been put in place, indeed the final sequences in the film probably would have reduced most audiences to tears had they gotten the rest of the film right.As I said the film is worth seeing at some point, just don't feel the need to run out with everyone else. Was it worth fighting the crowds the first weekend to see? Not really, but it is worth seeing. Hopefully they'll take a break before they make the next one, maybe they'll make the one that this movie should have been
5 For a comic book movie, Green Lantern had the potential to be great. If the writers of the movie even watched the animated movie First Flight, they would've been able to come up with a better script than what they did. I think the cast did the best that they could with the corny lines and terrible writing.Ryan Reynolds was believable as Hal Jordan, Blake Lively was exceptional in her role (which primarily involved looking pretty which she is good at) and Mark Strong as Sinestro was flawless. Though I thoroughly disliked what the writers did to this movie, I do hope the GL series isn't written off. There is still enough in the story of Green Lantern for a sequel, but for the love of Oa the old script writers need to go and a brand new team needs to bring something to the table. Mark Strong is an acting powerhouse and as we have seen in the Dark Knight, it is the villain and not the hero that makes an exceptional comic book movie! Sinestro has to do for GL what the Joker did for Batman! Thats my 2 cents
5 Leaving a review because I'm blown away at the amount of 9's and 10's I'm seeing for this movie, do you all have kids movies on a different scale? To me a movie is a movie and this was good for a kids movie but still incredibly formulaic with an obvious ending. I guess we'll have to see how much lower the score goes for this movie as at the time of this review its a 9/10, but its still just shocking to me to see it that high even though it's early. It truly is Pixar's 8th best movie at most and it's an alright idea but at the end of the day it's just a check all the boxes average movie. And that's okay; it's an alright kids movie but it doesn't deserve the praise people are showering it with.
5 This movie feels like someone shot two separate movies - one being Heydrich's biography, second being action thriller about his assassination - cut the run time of each one to half and merged them together. The first half follows Reinhard Heydrich on his rise to power, orchestrated by his wife Lina. It's not exactly a thrilling spectacle, but both Jason Clarke and Rosamunde Pike deliver solid performances (although Clarke is far from the brilliance of Ralph Fiennes in Schindler's list). The problem is that the story line seems absurdly rushed, many important events are left out or shown through short collages with voice-over and music playing and it just feels incomplete. I would love to see a full 2 hours long Heydrich's biography that would dig deeper into Heydrich's relationship with his wife, his rise to power and his work and status in the Nazi regime.Unfortunately, after one hour of this rushed biography, the movie almost completely abandons Heydrich and his wife (both have literally minutes of screen time in the second half, most of it together) and shifts focus to Czechoslovak paratroopers in Prague. Since then, it feels like Jimenez just took the movie Anthropoid (2016), cast new actors, re-shot the movie shot by shot and cut out half of the scenes. If you have seen Anthropoid, you can skip the second half in its entirety and you won't miss anything. The fact that Jack O'Connel and Jack Reynor look alike to the point it's easy to confuse their actions doesn't help either. The only upside of the second half is Mia Wasikovska who does much better job than Ana Geislerova in Anthropoid. HHhH (or The Man with the Iron Heart) is not a bad movie per se, it's just oddly structured, rushed and given the existence of Anthropoid, feels a bit redundant.
5 This movie is just awesome. I cried soooo much it's very emotional. But I also laughed. It is a love story with many ups and downs. I felt all the emotions in my belly and my heart:) If you are searching for action(like James Bond), you're wrong
5 The reason people watch Baywatch is because of the amount of human flesh on show. Red-blooded males such as myself tuned in back in 1989 to see women in bikini's and I am sure there were probably many females who adored David Hasselhoff.However, to be fair, Baywatch did have some great stories once you got past the flesh on show. David Hasselhoff did a good job as Mitch Buchanan who was an interesting character. There were some very competent actors and actresses throughout the show.There's not really much scope for stories about lifeguards. How many stories can you have around lifeguards saving a person from drowning? Not many. Baywatch also focused on the characters private lives and at times, Mitch Buchanan found himself in battle with the usual bad guys.Baywatch was a decent show. There's no denying what the appeal to the show is but in the interests of fairness, it really did have good stories at times.
5 All you're gonna see in this movie is a continuous stream of cliches.Sure, if it was released say, in 1970, when none of the superhero/sci-fi/fantasy that today is flooding the audiences was present, it would have been quite enjoyable and watchable.But in today's market it brings nothing new. I could constantly guess what was going to happen at the end of certain action scenes, and don't even get me started about the helicopter scene... that one was supposed to be dramatic and some kind of fitting twist but just left me enraged at the stupidity of the screenwriters/adaptation.In the end it's quality is on par with the other 2 similar series (Divergent and Hunger Games), so, gets a 5 star "meh" out of me. Good for kids but intelligent people beware!
5 LIKES:-Consistent Pace-The Ending-Katt WilliamsDISLIKES:-Predictable-Lazy Writing-Ruined by Trailers-Not using Glenn Close MoreSummary: Father Figures is a simplistic comedy, designed to provide some low to medium laughs to get you through the holiday season. While cute at some parts, the movie is a paternal scavenger hunt with predictable plot twists that are only relieved by a well-done ending that has the emotional zest. My favorite components of Katt Williams, Christopher Walken and Glenn Close are underutilized and their unique comedy is lost to the lazy use of curse heavy dialogue. Even worse, the movie suffers from becoming stale due to over use of trailers with approximately 50% of the comedy ruined with the use of the first trailer. Ironically the only surprises from the trailers are scene deletions and de-censoring the lines to be a little more adult. Father Figures is good for a quick laugh, but your money is best spent on another selection of the cavalcade of movies to release this holiday season. My scores are:Comedy: 5.0Movie Overall: 4.0
5 I settled on a 5/10 for The Dark Knight. I appreciated the story structure and all the notes they hit... I just don't think they played them loudly. I don't like re-casting, and the replacement of Katie Holmes/Rachel and the original Barbara Gordon actress (yes, her too, didya notice?) is awkward and distracting. The lack of ANY blood in the film to complement the multitude of beatings and killings (to sustain a PG-13 rating) nullifies the tension that should be present in some brilliantly conceived scenarios. I didn't believe for a second that the victims of several hostage situations (mass or otherwise) would actually lose their lives, because it's blisteringly apparent from the onset that this film is a PG-13, and would never disturb its audience beyond the minimum necessary plot points. The Joker is actually underwritten. Ledger was game and his performance solid, but honestly: Throw the makeup and stringy hair on 75% of capable actors out there, and you have the same product. I think Jack Nicholson's output is ultimately more interesting, and I think that Tim Burton's original film, although imperfect, is still the most entertaining in the pantheon.I realize that to hardcore Batman fans, this is a wet dream having the grittiness of the graphic novels transposed to the big screen (if they say so; I say it came close), but riddle me this: If the same script was fashioned into a non-superhero flick, let's say Heat II, and had the same strong performances and production values, would the lack of Batman fan loyalty still rocket it to its current position on the IMDb Top 250?
5 I am a Clint Eastwood fan, but not lately.He has decided to reveal a human side of himself - went to the Wizard and acquired a heart. He also revealed he is a wooden actor and a plodding, predictable director. Gran Torino is uninteresting at best and tedious at worst,worse even than Million Dollar Baby,and contains some of the worst actors ever subjected to the silver screen. I did enjoy the Christ-image at the end as he is sprawled on the lawn,which was an unintentional touch of humor. He says he is going to continue directing pictures and maybe next time he could hire a professional screenwriter.Speaking of directing, the Directors of the IMDb website should monitor entries more carefully.Currently, Gran Torino has an 8.5 ranking, which is a travesty.Since this puts it in with some mighty good movies,modern filmgoers obviously haven't a clue regarding what makes a good picture.Perhaps a separate category could be designated for films made after,say,1980.That might separate the film lovers from the dilettantes.
5 Mediocre show with mediocre acting, but that isn't a surprise because ransom can only be about one thing, of course.Ransom, like Bull(sh**), is yet another attempt to milk the CSI-ish and Criminal-Mind-ish Cow. One would think that producers and writers would acknowledge that this genre is so incredibly 'milked' that one would need to come with something remarkable in order to impress audiences.I wouldn't really recommend watching this to anybody, unless you have absolutely nothing else to do. It wont impress, it is not captivating rather you will find yourself distracted easily, and if you'd miss 15 minutes of an episode you wont really feel the need to wind back, you'll simply continue as the stories are flat and predictable, characters are shallow and entertainment value lacking.
5 I find myself enjoying this film when I watch it. Well, perhaps enjoying is a bit of an odd verb when you think of the storyline, its characters, the amount of violence and of course, the f-bomb being dropped about 15,000 times. I like Pacino in this film. He shows us the violent anger we didn't see in Michael Corleone. We're Michael would say, "Never hate your enemies, it clouds your judgement," Tony Montana's out killing everybody. Now granted, there are moments in his performance...or in the script where you have to laugh. The questioning scene in the beginning of the film is a fine example of this. When asked where he got that scar on his cheek...well, I can't write what he says in the regular version, but I will tell you that on edited version on TNT, it from was "eating pine apple." There is a great performance from Robert Loggia. He's the only character I truly believed in the film. Frank was a businessman, not a killer. All he wanted was the money. Greed killed him, as it has killed so many people. I enjoyed the direction Loggia went with Frank. It has carried over his recent work and has made Loggia one of Hollywood's must durable supporting actors. Brian DePalma adds his usual blend of violence, but it seemed that for once, he was trying to make his own film. Not borrowed. No guessing games on who he stole from this time. Although he's blasted for the film's content, it is a new beginning to his career which took off, but it was really "The Untouchables" that made me consider him a serious director.
5 I don't think Skyline is a bad movie as such. While there were better movies from 2010 such as The King's Speech, The Social Network, The Fighter and Toy Story 3, there are also worse such as Fred:The Movie, The Last Airbender, Vampires Suck and Clash of the Titans.Skyline is not a good movie, but it isn't in my opinion bad either. If anything, my feelings for Skyline are very mixed. I have seen some comparisons to Battle:Los Angeles, and I do agree this is the better movie, while Skyline did have a lot of problems Battle:Los Angeles was clichéd, under-directed and over-edited and other than Aaron Eckhart, a decent idea and one or two decent scenes there was little of redeeming value.Starting with the good things of Skyline, the visuals look absolutely great. The cinematography and editing are slick, the scenery is striking and the colours and lighting are bold, but the real star is the special effects which are superb. The sound is another plus, very explosive and authentic, and the soundtrack is memorable, not too generic and fits decently with the mood. Also, the action in general is explosive and exciting.Skyline does also have its flaws though. The characters are not as clichéd or indifferent as those of Battle:LA and some of the worst of the year, but to be honest I did find some of the characterisation underdeveloped and irritating. The dialogue is often cheesy and seems to be taking an exercise in high camp, and the climax while quite freaky and atmospheric feels like a different tone to the rest of the movie and this was a tone that jarred a bit. The story in its structure is quite soap-opera-like, and can get predictable and pedestrian, the direction is sometimes good sometimes flat and the acting is also uneven ranging from over-eager to bland.All in all, Skyline was not a bad movie in my opinion, certainly not as bad as I'd heard, but it is a hardly exceptional movie either. 5/10 Bethany Cox
5 Plot: Warrior princess Snow White takes on the wicked queen with a little help from people she barely knows. Drive-in Rating: Yield right of way. Just to get it out of the way, I don't understand the appeal of Kristen Stewart as an actress. She always has the look of a stuck up brat to me. There, done with the casting critique.The movie was visually stunning and Charlize Theron made for a truly wicked-good Queen. Chris Hemsworth was compelling (in a vacuum) and the dwarfs (casting controversy aside) were engaging. I love that the writers know their fairy tales enough to remember what properly lives under a bridge!...but I didn't find myself rooting for the entitled heroine or her comrades. The story idea was good enough but the writers tried to pack so many concepts into 127 minutes that they forgot a little character and conflict development. Even the most compelling scenes, the final kiss for example, left much to be desired (I'm not spoiling anything by telling you there's a kiss, it's a well-known plot point in the fairy tale). In addition, there were some unacceptable leaps in logic (for example, what compelled the Queen's brother to tell the Huntsman the truth about his wife?).And finally, is there an award for the least compelling title of the year? "Fairest Blood" immediately comes to mind as a reasonable alternative.If you pay to see this in the theater, make sure it's because you want to see the visuals on the big screen.
5 Amores Perros is a film which I did not enjoy, it's not a bad film but it's just not enjoyable.Three stories are connected by both one event and the use of dogs. The actors are quite good, the film is shot well but it drags, especially in the middle portion of the film which is unfortunate as the characters from the middle story are the most likable.The violent backdrop of dogfighting is extremely hard to watch for dog and animal lovers, some of the scenes are just too close to the bone. In my opinion I think that it departed from drama and art and crossed the line into senseless and horrific violence.The actual mixing of the stories was very jarred which seemed to weaken the film and there seemed to be too many plot points unresolved by the end of the film.I scored the film 5 out of 10, due to it's problems with pacing, plot and un-likable characters. I wouldn't recommend this film to any animal lovers but those who liked the film 'Crash' might enjoy it.
5 The storyline and acting are as square as can be. The slow mo gameplay footage clearly laughable with opponents clearly not attempting to block advances at all and letting the lead player through what looked like spaces wide as barn doors. Think how boxing scenes in third tier boxing movies always play out: the opponents don't bother to block or duck away from any oncoming punches, they also start turning their heads even before the punch lands... Writing seems to have been done by someone with no knowledge of neither basketball or reality. For instance: the new young rookie recruit asks if he will be a starter (starting 5 players) in his very first game for his new team. When and where has that ever happened? Also moral aspects are here poorly accentuated in spades. It all feels and reads like a poor Hallmark After School Special.
5 Patriotic, stirring, uplifting, absolutely mesmerizing Here are just a few words that can be used to describe Frank Capra's brilliant 1939 film, 'Mr. Smith Goes to Washington.' Bringing together a stellar cast of both fresh and seasoned actors, Capra manages to reach into each of our chests, and wrench almost painfully at our heartstrings.Jefferson Smith (James Stewart, 'It's A Wonderful Life'), is a young, enthusiastic patriot who resides in an unnamed American state, but is known throughout it (most especially by the young boys of the region) as an unsung hero. Head of the Boy Rangers, Smith has a love of his country and of nature, once quenching a potentially devastating forest fire single-handedly. After the unexpected death of a current Senator, Governor Hubert Hopper (Guy Kibbee) is forced to choose a replacement. Whilst his corrupt political boss, Jim Taylor (Edward Arnold), urges him to appoint a handpicked stooge, Hopper surprisingly decides to follow the confident advice of his own children, awarding the job to Smith.Smith arrives in Washington, excited and idealistic, no doubt modestly considering himself to be unsuitable for such a prestigious position. He is proud to accompany the other current state Senator, Joseph Harrison Paine (Claude Rains, 'Notorious'), a highly-esteemed man who was once great friends with Smith's father. Unbeknownst to Smith, however, Paine had long ago abandoned his political ideals, seduced by the promise of power and political longevity to make "certain compromises." Whilst Smith works tirelessly to submit a bill regarding the creation of a national boy's camp at Willet Creek, which he hopes will teach a new generation the value of freedom and liberty, the devious Paine schemes to dam that same locality, an act that will serve nobody but the power-hungry Jim Taylor. When Paine's cynical secretary, Clarissa Saunders (Jean Arthur), informs Smith of these plans, he determinedly attempts to speak his mind, only to be quashed by the almighty "Taylor Machine."Frank Capra, who had previously supplied Columbia Pictures Corporation with two Academy Award Best Picture winners ('It Happened One Night,' 1934 and 'You Can't Take It With You,' 1938), once again proved his undeniable genius, something he would continue to do throughout his film-making career. One often-cited example involves the romantically-awkward Smith's second encounter with Paine's beautiful daughter, Susan (Astrid Allwyn). Rather than focusing on faces, as would be the typical style for such a scene, Capra keeps the camera firmly on Smith's hat, as he restlessly shuffles it between his fingers, frequently dropping it to the floor and stooping to reclaim it. This shot tells us more about Smith than any facial close-up ever could!Finally, James Stewart is unquestionably brilliant as the young, idealistic Smith, in one of his first critically recognised roles. The look of absolute awe and wonderment on his face upon first witnessing the Capitol Dome appears truly genuine, despite the fact that Stewart was merely acting against a projection. For his highly memorable filibuster speech at the climax of the film, Stewart dried out his throat with bicarbonate of soda to make himself sound hoarse, an act that could potentially have destroyed his later ability to speak. As we witness Jefferson Smith, ragged and exhausted, determinedly continuing to shout hoarsely at the Senate members, we immediately understand that his voice is reaching much, much further. He is not just shouting at the Senate, but he is shouting at the people; he is shouting at his country; he is shouting at us. And we are right there alongside him, quietly urging him along.
5 In terms of animated features, Pixar ventures where very few other animated films have gone before and that is to delve into the lives of the elderly generation. In fact, having any film (animated or not) examine what it is like to grow old and the roller coaster ride that is life would normally mean you are in for some heavy material indeed. This is because true depictions of life are not constantly joyful and grand, it is always hand in hand with tears and hardships. In this respect, Pixar are to be applauded to have dared create a "kids" film that explores the circle of life in all its vivid glory and personal heartache.Those who have scored UP poorly have undoubtedly felt misled, disappointed or even cheated because oftentimes when one thinks of Pixar, one thinks of imaginative explorations of what it would be like if our toys were alive (Toy Story 1 and 2), or if cars could talk (Cars), or if a mouse wanted to be a gourmet chef (Ratatouille), or how a family attempts to be "normal" when they all have superpowers (The Incredibles). Previous Pixar stories have always reached the realms of "brilliant" because these imaginative explorations are balanced with plot depth, humor and characters which audiences connect to and cheer for. Whether it's an ant trying to show his colony that they should stand up to the grasshoppers (A Bug's Life) or a humble cleaning robot guiding humanity home and trying to find love (Wall-E), all Pixar films are both fantastical and deeply meaningful thus showing their movies are more than just eye candy.And this is where UP has divided the people. Don't get me wrong, UP has the fantastical and the deeply meaningful in spades, the difference here is that Pixar explores these to the extreme.Flying a house to South America using thousands of balloons, dogs with futuristic collars that allow them to translate their "dog" language into English (or any other human language) and lest not forget they can also cook, a mythical rainbow colored bird and an old man who uses a walking stick in the first half of the film but can do "Indiana Jones"-like feats in the second half of the film - Fantastical? CHECK.Boy meets girl, they fall in love, they marry, they discover they can't have children, they grow old together, wife dies, old man lives alone in house which he calls by his wife's name while high rise buildings are being constructed around him, old man attempts to fulfill promise to his deceased wife by flying to South America taking the house with him, and all that doesn't even cover the background story of the boy scout (who's father has left him and now only lives with his mum) who tries to help the old man out - Deeply meaningful? CHECK.The daring exploration by Pixar of both these fantastical and meaningful themes has resulted in a beautiful, at times humorous, oftentimes heart-wrenching and flawed (but not necessarily in a bad way) film.Never before has Pixar challenged the audience to such a level. Are you able to suspend belief to the point where you can believe a house can be lifted off by thousands of helium filled kids balloons and yet at the same time be willing to invest in an old man (who himself is flawed in more ways than one) and experience both the pain of love lost and the goal of hope found? Will parents be willing to explain to their young children about life and death? Will kids understand the adult themes? Will adults enjoy the ride or will they feel the movie is too depressing and the events too unbelievable? These are the questions which Pixar has dared audiences to confront.As for me, I enjoyed the film, I laughed during the bits where you're meant to laugh, and I was moved to tears during the bits where you were meant to be moved (especially the beginning which shows the fast forward life of old man Carl). I struggled at times with suspending my belief of the events in the second half; how both Carl and Russell (the boy scout) manage to do the physically astounding is not to be thought about in depth. All in all, a brave film by Pixar that doesn't quite reach the lofty heights of brilliance but if looked at from above has many lessons to be learned and perhaps, just perhaps examines the flaws in all of us (especially as we get older) and how we should all try to reach UP to greater heights.
5 This should have at least a score of 8.5, i cant believe i'm seeing 6.9 all you over critical men who are worse than women on there periods! THIS IS A CLASSIC! in my eyes one of my favourite films iv'e watched in a long time, i would put it beside blade runner as my favourite sci fi film. I've seen all the Films of GHOST IN THE SHELL. I was actually doubting for a minute when i read a few reviews but now i know its all bull****!! its all them ..whatever you call them people who don't believe it lived up to there expectation when it actually did! so they lie and make other fans think its not good when its more than that, because this film was soo good, the actors played the characters to a T! Great cast! Batou was my favourite! his and majors friendship you could feel the harmony between them and that they cared for each other, you could get a sense of that straight away which was great! also the music i loved it! it had a 80's electronic style to it, this film has great colours and great shots and THE CAR IS JUST AMAZING! second behind the delorean no doubt. Main thing was.. it lingered on me, some films now i go see and forget about it the next day but this stuck on me and i couldn't stop thinking how good it was! So don't listen to these negative reviews people this is a gem of a film and they put so much work into this they don't deserve all this critical negative attitude. They deserve praise for bringing this to Cinema and delivering.Thank you to all who was part of this.
5 When Hollywood turns to the TV Mine to see what it can dig up, the general rule is to try to do something which recaptures the essence of the TV original, albeit tweaked in some sort of fashion so as to bring it up to date. But sometimes there is an attempt to give a twist to the original - to dress it in clothes which are not so much new as entirely different. And so we have Starsky and Hutch as a comedy, Bewitched actually featuring a TV remake of the original but with a real witch, and so on.Lost In Space has, thankfully, forgone the overriding two-set (one interior, one exterior) studio-bound obviousness of its TV progenitor. It has also lost Robbie the Robot (his update is a lot less sympathetic than the original), and weaselly serial complainer Dr Zachary Smith. Much as I enjoyed Jonathan Harris' portrayal, it was essentially a comedy role, albeit with the capacity for introducing the element of dramatic tension in a serial drama which was so resolutely formulaic.Gary Oldman's Dr Smith is an entirely different animal. The TV Smith was irksome, a nuisance, and could cause some damage. The movie Smith is dark, dangerous, and potentially fatal.There are plot elements introduced which are fun and, in some respects, original. Most of the visuals are excellent (although I found the cute but hugely unconvincing CGI critter irritating). Most of the cast are good (with some interesting dynamics between the characters), although I found Lacey Chabert's squeaky pre-teen even more irritating than the CGI thingie.On the whole, there is quite a lot here for science fiction space opera fans to like.
5 When u will finish this movie u will certainly praise one thing first..obviously that will be the plot of it..A surprising one as well as too much psychology mixer..too much unbelievable..too too unpredictable..All the way down to the end of the tunnel the story circles around a confusing central truth...The truth of a human mind..the mind which planes to perform a complete perfect crime.A husband makes his mind to kill his wife is not too uncommon.But the story describes much more complexity about the standing of his son..u will see which way the son goes..Mother or Father?????The movie is plotted in the background of early 19s..This also has added a lot of smooth surface in the overall progress.All those fascinating and animatic moves and actions are absent from here. Rather it is full of slow emotions and motions of life.Slowly flowing with a certain destination. All the dark side of human being is exposed but in a year dated back to 1922 ..not in 2017.That makes the movie more impressive.The cinematography of the movie is also very attractive...A farm house full of crops around it like a western picture..Very very eye catching..Reminded me the movie 'The days of heaven".Those green crops bounded by sands and muddy roads..Blue horizontal sky above..Brown hut shaped well furnished farm houses..With every inch of mindblowing graphics..One of the best aspect of the movie is though it is a horror movie it has less heart beating scenes compared to traditional one.Rather the horror scenes are more cause effective and purposeful..Some are still capable of producing electrical impulse in you..But mostly don't feature the accustomed horror movies i must guarantee it..Finally I haven't read the novel of Stephen King..But my request to those who have read it please don't compare it with the novel.Always writing is better tolerated than acting..And Novels are often far better than the movies.And those like me no comparison with novel freely go for a 1hour 41Minute turbulence of emotions..Darkness and ultimate surprise.
5 Fifty Shades of Grey (2015) ** (out of 4) Rather silly adaptation of the E.L. James best-seller about a shy, timid virgin (Dakota Johnson) who meets the elusive billionaire Christian Grey (Jamie Doman) and soon both of their lives change.Writing a plot synopsis of this thing is pretty pointless since I'm sure the target audience is already going to know the story. I guess this is where I should admit that I haven't read the book so this review won't be comparing the two or complaining about what the movie did or didn't do from the book. No, this review is just going to be based around the actual movie and for the life of me I can't see what all the hype is about. I don't expect everyone laying their money down to be some sort of film buff but the "shocking" material on display here has been going on in European movies for four-plus decades so why it's just now reaching American shores is pretty funny in itself but that's off subject I guess.As for the film, there are all sorts of major issues with it but we can start with the laughable screenplay, which would have been rejected by the Lifetime channel and in fact, I'm going to guess that it would have been rejected has a five-year-old written it. The dialogue is without question some of the most laughable I've heard in a very long time. In fact, the movie seems to be lost in what decade it is because there are times that the "F" word is used and it's used in a way to where it's supposed to be shocking. Really? It's going to take more than that. The entire character development between the two lead characters is another joke and after a while you really can't buy into any of the melodrama and you've just got to sit back and laugh.The performances are another problem but then again, even the likes of Marlon Brando and Elizabeth Taylor couldn't work with horrid material so I'm not going to be too harsh on Johnson and Doman. With that said, the lackluster direction by Sam Taylor-Johnson doesn't help either as there are many times where another take should have happened. The scenes with Johnson playing the shy girl just aren't very believable because the actress can't sell it. The scenes of her explaining she's a virgin are laughably bad. Doman really doesn't get much to work with and especially since he can't crack a smile and has to give off dumb, overly-serious facial expressions throughout. I will say that the actors have a nice chemistry together but that's about it. The supporting players are all equally forgettable.Yet another problem is that the film just isn't erotic. FATAL ATTRACTION, BASIC INSTINCT and even something as silly as BODY OF EVIDENCE are just a few recent films that packed a lot more punch than this one. I mean, is sticking an eraser around your lips really erotic anymore? A lot of the lack of erotic-ness has to be blamed on the director who just seems to have been the wrong fit for the material. Nothing from the erotic nature to the serious stuff works and everything is poorly edited.So, why the two-stars for all the negative stuff? As bad as the film is, thankfully it reaches the level to where you can't help but laugh and be mildly entertained as to what's going to happen next. Again, I haven't read the book so I don't know which one is better but the film is pretty flat from start to finish.
5 I don't really know what to say. I am such a fan of Alien, this movie truly offends me. It's intellectually offensive and insults the audience - especially fans familiar with Alien/Aliens. I really just want to vote and bring the score down for this horrible movie. Others have already said it. The biggest problem is that the plot is idiotic. Worst writing ever. Prometheus had problems, and instead of addressing those problems in sensible ways that take us back to the meat and potatoes of the Alien narrative, which is, you know, THE ALIEN, it does the opposite, and leaves all those problems in place and then makes them even worse. Did Alien3 make you mad? Alien4? This movie will make you even madder! It's not about a personal preference that things be changed here or there, from beginning to end the movie is a confused mess. The writers are trying to do way too much. The writers also think the audience is stupid and can't figure certain things out for themselves. But then the writers also don't bother trying to fill in some logic huge holes that deserve some answers. Without spoilers it's difficult to get into specifics.The thing that is really bad is that this movie is a prequel. So we're supposed to be filling in story gaps that lead into the movies we already know and love, Alien/Aliens. This movie creates a narrative that is insulting to those films. The origin of this awesome Alien character? I'm not sure why that is something which needs to be answered to begin with, but, oh, turns out, some jackass that didn't get enough hugs as a child decided to create it out of boredom. Yep, that's it. Oh, well thanks for making a whole movie to tell the story of this stupid idea. This movie takes the great "xenomorph" character and basically neuters it. Nothing special. Just the invention of a lunatic. What was Scott thinking, seriously? Here is our alpha character, the scariest science fiction villain of all time, chop off the testes, replace it with an annoying android/robot with daddy issues that won't shut up and then give it the dumbest/cheesiest dialog ever. And then of course the movie then also has the characters doing things that defy logic/common sense. Similar to Prometheus where Charlize Theron is running away from a huge wheel in a straight line rather than, I don't know, turning left or right or something. Or morons marooned in a cave that decide it's a good idea to play with an alien snake. Except worse. Situation after situation things like this happen that insult you. Nobody, even the dumbest of the dumb, would act like this. Much less professionals who are elite members of a crew traveling across the galaxy to colonize another planet. Everything that happens is easily avoided.Beside insulting you in every way imaginable with the completely stupid plot, the movie is just boring. There isn't much action at all. If you are hoping to see the Alien doing what it does best, kick butt, forget it. And instead of giving us the alien we know and love, which is scary and realistic, they come up with a variety of other CGI aliens which look very different, fake, and not scary. And there is no rhyme or reason for any of it. I'm not interested in DNA experiments and the creation of these other spin off aliens... I want THE ALIEN. I'm shocked to be honest. I don't understand how Ridley Scott can possibly be so detached from reality. Is the man sub intelligent? I'm serious. Whoever wrote this is a literal idiot. I don't know how else to say it. If the Alien franchise didn't already exist, nobody would watch this movie. It's nonsense from beginning to end. This isn't even an Alien movie. What is it? I don't know. It was nothing but confusion. A wannabe Blade Runner/android/robot movie?
5 I'll sort out the movie with Pros and Cons/Good and Bad things.Good things:It's very crazy, and appropriately well shot. The performances are good and Nic Cage is actually pretty good in it. It's occasionally funny. The sound design feels like an Edgar Wright movie. Using different sounds for a visual gag. It does a fine job with adding more quiet moments in between all this chaos. I partially admire the conversations between the parents and the kids between the "near death experiences". The plot is ridiculous and is a pretty awesome idea for a movie.Bad things:The editing is all over the place, the ending sucks. I would admire the conversations between the parents and the kids between the fight scenes could've been at the beginning of the film to give us some future reference or context. But hell, I guess that's what the director wanted to do. Whenever it's directed by Brian Taylor, I'm not supposed to care about anything in the movie, but I didn't feel tension, I didn't know a lot or care about the characters, and there could've been a lot of cuts that could've been taken out, like The Losers (2010). It's pretty crazy and out of control, but not as crazy as Mother!So, despite being flawed, it's pretty damn entertaining nonetheless. I liked most of it, I didn't like a few of it. I would recommend it.
5 This type of movie is dime a dozen. It has a twist toward the end that I did not expect, but it really did not have much of am impact on me. It was hard to fully watch this movie and the scenes where the boy and girl are "texting", but talking in person are just strange. I cannot say I would not recommend this movie, but of it's type, there are many MUCH better movies. Titanic and Notebook come to mind right off hand. My true thought of this movie is it is a Mellennial version of a love story.
5 In the hands of Drake Doremus; American director of the indie circuit, Newness, is presented as a loose successor of Like Crazy (2011), in an attempt to portray in the most realistic way possible, the complexity of interpersonal relationships in the digital era, where social networks and Dating applications have set up a new way to meet people and establish links.Nicholas Hoult stars as Martin Hallock, a young man who leaves halfway his university career to work as a pharmacist, and who, after the failure of his marriage, decides to seek new relationships without compromise in dating applications. It is there where after a failed meeting, he meets Gabi Silva -interpreted by Laia Costa-, a Spanish therapist, with whom he will establish a connection that will make them consider stable relationships and monogamy again.Soon the couple is stifled by the complexity of the bond; issues such as infidelity and desire for the others are put into play. Although he is not very convinced, Martin decides to accept the proposal of Gabi, and go with her in the exploration of new alternatives. Establishing a communion of "open relationship", based on communication and honesty, where sex is presented as an escape route to commitment, to real involvement with the other.New ways of feeling and perceiving push the couple to develop small breaks internally and in relation to the other, which forces them to reflect on their personal desires, past determinations are reflected in the present, life projects and own decisions, generating a tense and chaotic panorama.The film navigates the anxiety and intensity of the now, the superficiality of contemporary links and the mediation of communication through technological instruments. It raises the classical dilemma between casual relationships and stable bonds, between freedom and the oppression of the individual, love and sex. Forcing the viewer to question their own existence and their links.However, the tape remains halfway, unable to capture its objective correctly, losing its essence after 40 minutes, its "newness", resulting extremely boring and predictable.
5 I imagine it was the lengthy running time that kept me for so many years from seeing The Great Escape, although that doesn't explain why I haven't seen hordes of other movies. But I've been going back and watching all the old classics and The Great Escape is one of the best ones I've seen so far. The movie is not only wildly entertaining throughout it's nearly three hour duration, but shows some actors who went on to become famous for other roles in decades and generations to come. Granted, I am speaking from the perspective of a different generation of moviegoers, which is why I know Charles Bronson more from Death Wish than this film, or James Coburn from films like Payback and Affliction, Donald Pleasance as Dr. Sam Loomis and Richard Attenborough as John Hammond from the Jurassic Park films.I think the thing I loved the most about the movie was how open everyone was about their plans to escape. Not that they tried to escape out in the open, but they made no effort to hide the fact that they were analyzing their surroundings, trying to find a way to get out. As we soon learn, it is their sworn duty as captured officers to consistently try to escape and, failing that, to make life as confusing and frustrating as humanly possible for their captors. The story involves a lot of British officers being held captive by the Germans, at a prison where all of the most consistent escapers have been compiled for special supervision. When the prisoners arrive at the beginning of the movie, many of them, including Virgil Hilts (Steve McQueen) walk into the gates and then immediately walk to the fences around the outsides of the compound, looking up and down the length of the fences, studying where the guard towers are, looking in broad daylight for ways to escape.What follows is a brilliant competition between the proud British officers being held captive and the Germans guarding them, as the British make every attempt to escape and receive minimal punishment when they're caught. 20 days in the cooler for a failed escape attempt (doubled from only 10 for mouthing off) is pretty light compared to what I would have expected POWs to have suffered at the hands of the Nazis in World War II.Because the escapes are only hidden during their preparations, there are portions of The Great Escape that play almost like a sports movie more than a war film, because of the atmosphere of competition and, among other things, there is so much comic relief, One of my favorite scenes is the one where they first begin digging under the floor in their bunker. Danny Velinski (Bronson) is under the floor digging away when the Germans march in for a surprise inspection, and he jumps out, they put the cover back on the hole and smear clay around it and then pour water into it, one guy starts mopping the floor, everyone else goes back to playing cards or milling about, and Velinski hops in the shower, and the suspicious officers come in and demand to know what they're each doing. The guy mopping explains that he's mopping, Velinski says he needed a wash, and Louis Sedgwick (Coburn), says about Velinski, "I'm watching him. I'm a lifeguard!"It's also a great scene when Hilts (McQueen) tells Bartlett (Attenborough) and the other officer his plan for escape. Steve McQueen is the star of the movie but spends most of it pretty much out of the loop. He was in the cooler when the plans for the great escape were first hatched, so when he finally got out most of the camp was involved in planning this epic breakout, and Hilts comes up to Bartlett and one other officer and gleefully tells them about his and Ives' nutty plan to burrow three feet down and dig straight out, sticking metal tubes through the ground to the surface so they can breathe. Bartlett and the other officer leave both of them out of the plans for the time being, for reasons that are explained later in the film.The movie is expertly written, with outstanding dialogue and even better performances and direction that I like to think is still inspiring filmmakers throughout the world. I learned from another reviewer on the IMDb that the music is almost competing within itself, with different instruments representing the British and the Germans, so I was watching for it when I watched the movie. Not only is the different music representative of the two opposing sides, but it does it within scenes and even within individual shots. Consider, for example, the scene where Hilts and Ives are first brought into the cooler. The music is almost reacting to what is going on on screen, like it's trying to describe where each character is within the frame. That is true film-making brilliance. The movie ends with a massive setback, a tremendous downturn in tone, but does so without turning into a tragedy or overshadowing everything else that has gone on before that and, most importantly, while remaining true to the real life story. It displays the pride and determination of British military as well as was done in The Bridge on the River Kwai, and that is a major accomplishment. Bravo.
5 I have been a DOOL watcher since 1980.  I do understand that TV soaps are now catering to the new generation of watchers, especially the teens (I too began watching DOOL at age 12...I was captivated with the blossoming romance of the young "Bo & Hope" years).Unfortunately, the story lines are predictable, non-orignial, and just plain crap now.  I've stopped watching DOOL for nearly a year now and just picked it up again.  I see that nothing has changes since my absence. They are now repeating stories from the 80s.
5 Well, here's the deal – we have the film beginning on the last day of high school where Calvin Joyner is voted to the student most likely to succeed, while Bob Stone (not his real name) is in the shower dancing. Stone is then grabbed by some bullies, naked, and thrown into the middle of the gym, where all the school is watching. Everybody, but Joyner, is laughing at Stone, however Joyner gives Stone his jacket, and that is basically the last anybody hears of him.Twenty years later Joyner married his highschool sweetheart and is working in a dead end job at an accounting firm with an inflatable gorilla out the front. The idea of him succeeding seems to have fallen flat on its face, particularly when he found himself in the real world. However he receives an anonymous friend request on Facebook and discovers that it is his old friend from school, however he has changed – a lot. Instead of the fat kid he remembered he is now and incredibly muscly, yet still very nice, Dwayne Johnson. Stone is actually needing some assistance, which Joyner gives him, and it soon becomes apparent that Stone is a rouge CIA agent, and Joyner is now caught up in a mission to save the United States, which includes a huge machine gun fight in his office.So, that is basically the movie – it's funny in parts, but the comedy pretty quickly wears off to become not so much your typical spy action movie, but rather a somewhat unbelievable spy action movie. When I left the cinema I thought to myself – yes, this was a good film, however as I thought about it (though not too much, because there is nothing all that much to think about) I realised that there really wasn't anything all that special about it. While Johnson's character wasn't bad, or irritating, he just seemed to be a little too nice, to the point that I didn't feel that there was all that much depth to the character. Sure, there were some amusing scenes, but it wasn't a side splitting funny type of movie.I guess it is basically one of those 'life didn't quite turn out as we expected' type of movies – the ones where at the end of highschool it seems as if the world is your oyster, but twenty years down the track all the potential that was there when we were young seems to not only have gone, but has been wasted. In fact Joyner doesn't even want to attend his reunion (I know what it is like – I didn't, despite the fact that Facebook as allowed me to connect with my old school friends) because he feels that the expectation that was there were he was left has been wasted. Mind you, it is also one of those 'wouldn't it be good' type of movies – the ones that suggest that it would be good if something were to just suddenly happen to take the monotony out of life.Even though it was enjoyable, and I would hardly call it boring, it seems to suffer from the malaise that many of the Hollywood movies seem to be suffering from these days – lack of depth. Oh, and it is also predictable as well – I worked out that there was a purpose for the giant inflatable gorilla almost as soon as I saw it.
5 I'm rating it a solid 5, because I actually was entertained enough to watch the whole season. That rarely happens with bad shows.The first two episodes are pretty bad. But the show gets better and better after that, before it starts dropping in quality again at around episode 7 or 8. The last three episodes increased the facepalm-value and ended in a last episode that completely ruined the barely existing like I had going for the show.Despite some of the other reviews, I found the acting okay overall. With what script they had, all seemed to have done their best. D'Onofrio felt a bit off considering his other performances while Meat Loaf was doing great.The writing and dialogues seem to depend on the writer and episode. (one example of many: Avan Jogia tells D'Onofrio to not run away from conflicts because they just keep following you. 5 mins. Later in the episode he runs away from the group to avoid conflict...)The core idea had me watch it, and with a higher production value and proper, consistent writing, it could have been a good show. Not great, but good enough to stay in mind in a positive way. Sadly, the writing is inconsistent. Some episodes work, while most of them don't. Some even negate the progress from the episode that aired just before. I can get over bad CGI if the story is catchy and I'm entertained. Some of the caracters act clever or logical in one episode but completely dumb and cliché in the next one. The whole series jumps in quality and story from episode to episode. Also, while Avan Jogia is supposed to be the main character, he rarely even shows up or gets anything to say in most episodes. The last episode made me lower the score 0,5 points because it completely negated the character development of two people again. Give it a go if you have nothing else to watch. But you definitely won't miss anything if you pass.
5 I so badly wanted this to be good, but the first episode , is a warning that even makes Cassandra redundant.I found the acting wooden, the storyline a mess, the script dreadful. The two main characters Helen and Paris, devoid of any charisma, thus the very idea of a 1000 ships sailing to rescue her laughable.The least of my worries based on this first episode, is the casting of Achilles , and others .How on earth can this second rate production, hit our T V screens , when one recalls TROY from a decade ago, perhaps using George Martin for advice might have saved time and money !!!!
5 Shelley lives at the playboy mansion, and dreams of being a Playboy centerfold. The day after her birthday, she receives a letter telling her she has to move out. Ending up at the Zeta sorority house, a house in desperate need of pledges and money to stay open, she helps the girls, all outcasts at college to become sexier to get what they need, while they help her with a guy she has a crush on.....The House Bunny shouldn't work. It's got a mixed message, suggesting that girls need to use their sexiness to get what they need, while at the same time saying being yourself, with some confidence, and you can get the same. So in that sense I don't think it completely works.However, it is very funny in places. Anna Faris is showing herself to be a very funny actress, and keeps the humour coming through-out. Hers is the best performance here. The actress's who play the girls in the house are all different, but give good performances too, with the possible exception of Emma Stone as Natalie, the girl in charge of the house. It's not that she's a bad actress. I saw her recently in The Rocker and she was very good there. It's just that here, she seems to be trying too hard to portray the 'nerd' side of her character. It's not a bad performance, just a little uneven.The script has some good one-liners in it, and director Fred Wolf keeps things moving at a brisk pace. It's not the funniest teen comedy I've seen, but it has enough moments to keep you smiling, and for it's running time is an enjoyable movie.
5 Two boys are on the run, being chased by a pickup through the streets of Mexico City, their fear fueled by concern for the bleeding dog slumped on the back seat of their car. Something bad has happened and is about to happen; though we don't know what it is or what it is going to be there is no slipping off for popcorn now; we are hooked. lollWithin a few minutes an event occurs which will change the lives of all the characters we will follow through three stories. In 'Octavio y Susana' we find the uneasy building of a relationship between two unlikely characters  Susana, the wife of Octavio's brother, Ramiro, and Octavio. Thrown into uncomfortably close quarters, propinquity indeed fuels Octavio's interest in Ramiro's woman. But there is more, much more, and in expressing his love for her and concern for her treatment - by his insufferably self-centered brother  he acts as we might. Through Ramiro's (or is it Octavio's?) Rottwieler dog Cofi we are introduced to the world of dogfighting; this is Octavio's opportunity to raise the cash he needs to accomplish his goals.In the second episode 'Daniel y Valeria' we dolly in on the lives of two more fortunate (read upper class) characters  he a conflicted businessman carrying on an affair, she a supermodel the object of his affections. Their dog Ritchie will cause them no end of stress through an unfortunate accident, altering forever their relationship. Valeria's physical infirmities are traced to the life-altering moment all the film's characters eventually share. 'El Chivo y Maru', our final chapter, picks up on the events of a homeless sort we have met early in the film. And so it is revealed that he is a colorful character, sick at heart over his separation from his wife and daughter in the distant past. His actions and inactions  and how he becomes entwined in the lives of those we have met along the way  send him irrevocably into the path of all those we have followed earlier.All these characters are threaded through the narrative in such a way that their presence at a particular place at the same time will be totally natural; in retrospect we will determine that fate is less happenstance than it is some grand design. The acting is first rate  see Octavio's visage (and note the lighting) as he reveals his feelings to Susana, watch the pain on El Chivo's face as sad events batter him in rapid order, feel the hurt on both ends of a phone non-conversation between Daniel and his estranged wife.The dog fights, the premeditated crimes, mishaps and love affairs all arrive at a terminus and we will not ever forget the journey.According to director Alejandro González Iñárritu (interview, http://www.indiewire.com/people/int_Alejand_Gonzal_010330.html) thirty six drafts of the script were developed ('It was like a domino effect') over three years. As ideas were framed he notes it was difficult to blend these new threads - with any subtlety - into the fabric of the whole. But accomplish this he did; the results are terrific, bold, unpredictable, unsettling and ultimately satisfying.Rating: Four Stars.
5 'EVERY DAY': Two and a Half Stars (Out of Five)A romantic drama about a 16-year-old girl who falls in love with a soul that wakes up in a different body every day. The film was directed by Michael Sucsy (who also helmed the 2012 romantic drama 'THE VOW'), and it was scripted by Jesse Andrews (who also wrote 2015's 'ME AND EARL AND THE DYING GIRL'). It's based on the novel (of the same name) by David Levithan. The film stars Angourie Rice, Justice Smith, Debby Ryan and Maria Bello. It's received mostly negative reviews from critics, and it's performed very modestly at the Box Office so far as well. I found it to be pretty clichéd and boring, but the premise is interesting (I have to admit). The film tells the story of a 16-year-old girl named Rhiannon (Rice). Rhiannon is popular at school, and she has an attractive boyfriend (Smith), but something is still missing in her life (and her bf is abusive too). Then, unbeknownst to her, she falls in love with a spirit called A. A wakes up in a different body every day, and starts a different (new) life. Rhiannon is the first person A has ever told this to. A very complicated romance develops between the two (of course). The film feels like your pretty standard YA book developed into a movie. It's a shame because I really like the premise for it, it just feels like they could have done so much more with it. I don't know how generic, or bad, the book is, but this film adaptation is definitely unimpressive and boring. Fans might still enjoy it, but most likely it's just because they love the book so much.
5 Overall very exciting with good acting, light and background music.The plot however is horrible. That is why I was very captivated during the first half and nearly bored at the second half. The whole story line is based on the same type of jump-scares, always danger jumping out of the dark, and after a time it became way too predictable and ridiculous.In conclusion I would say it's a movie for watching once when you are bored but certainly not a movie to watch a second time.
5 My apologies to all of you "It's a Wonderful Life"-ers out there. Please believe me when I say that I've tried multiple times to develop warm feelings for this movie. But it's just not meant to be. I've seen this film a couple of times, and I never want to see it again.I want to beat James Stewart's George Bailey about the head and shoulders every time I watch the movie. Perhaps the most passive-aggressive hero in motion picture history, George Bailey spends half of his time sacrificing his own happiness for the sake of others, and the other half whining about his hard luck. No, George, it's not hard luck...it's the result of your own decision making skills. Either be selfless and stop complaining, or be a bastard and screw everyone else. But make up your mind, and don't take two hours to do it.Ahhh, perhaps I now live in too cynical and jaded a world to tolerate George's namby-pamby indecision. But maybe that's a reason better than any other to keep this film around. Character aside, however, the one thing I can unequivocally praise about this film is the performance of Stewart. He provides a welcome bitter edge to combat Capra's sugary-sweet corn. His breakdown scene in a bar, where he desperately prays to God to help him keep himself together, is a tour-de-force.Drag it out every Christmas and enjoy...I won't begrudge you that small pleasure. Just don't expect me to join along.Grade: B-
5 As a low-budget sci-fi flick, The Fifth Wave starts quite promisingly with a more logical continuation from the opening scenes of "Independence Day". The end of the world is nigh. An alien spacecraft has put itself into a threatening earth orbit (note: actually 'orbiting' - as a nod to science guys like me - rather than just inexplicably hanging there in the sky, as Douglas Adams once put it, "in much the same way that bricks don't").The aliens are throwing calamity after calamity down at small-town America in 'waves': earthquakes; tidal surges; modified bird flu; and bombings.Against this stressful backdrop, the ever-reliable Chloe Grace-Moretz ("Kick Ass"; "Let the Right One In") plays Cassie who after getting separated from her younger brother Sam (Zackery Arthur) faces the dangers of a cross-country Alabama trek to rescue him.Like I said, quite a promising premise, and it flows quite nicely until the family get to a Fort Wilderness style sanctuary in the forest. There however the plot goes awry, with the aliens making a seemingly ridiculous strategic move.Jaw-dropping dumbness now follows with a 'see-it-coming-from-a-mile-away' plot-twist casting Cassie onto her solo-mission, and the film declines into a rather poor 'Hunger-maze-giance' wannabe with Cassie torn between the affections of old crush Ben (Nick "Jurassic World" Robinson) and mysterious saviour Evan (Alex Roe). Much muscle-rippling and skinny-dipping ensues as Cassie oohs and aahs in a girlie fashion that erodes her kick-ass (no pun intended) characterization to date.The director is J Blakeson.... no, me neither. This is only his second feature, and is a big ask.The film rather obviously cues up a sequel: this is the first of a series of – apparently quite good – books by Rick Yancey, with the next in the series being called "The Infinite Sea". I don't think I will be rushing to the cinema to see the sequel, if it does happen. A disappointing film that starts with real promise but then loses its way. Grace-Moretz really does deserve better. Nice animated Gif poster though!.(Please visit http://bob-the-movie-man.com for the graphical version of this review, and to comment with your thoughts. Thanks).
5 My quick rating - 5,0/10. Ok, I will admit I like these types of movies, regardless of how unbelievable they are (without spoiler, this one goes over the top). The story is the typical "I am not going to XXXX, anymore" Fill in the X with fight, crime, kill, whore yourself out, among other things to make the story of stopping something only to be forced back into it. In this case, tournament fighting. Well, there it is. The secondary characters of Mike Tyson and Christopher Lambert actually were used well. And then there is Jean Claude Van-Johnson....if you get that joke, you want to see this movie, if not, you probably aren't interested. The fight scenes are done quite well and are not filmed in hyper edit mode which seems to be the norm these days. Realistically, this movie should score below a 5, but the reason it should be lower is the reason I gave it 5. Once you see the movie, you will know just why when you roll your eyes and say "how stupid is that" Well that is what I did, and for a movie to actually get that reaction out of me, bonus points. Funny, just noticed, IMDB has it at a 5.0 as well lol.
5 This film, is basically, at least in my opinion, one of the greatest films ever, period.  I read the book afterwards, and equally enjoyed the book. The film is definitely for younger people, the critics of films, in general are older, so they cannot appreciate this film.  The film defines the younger generation, only younger people can relate to it, however, older people(middle aged+) can appreciate the art of the film, the beauty of the camera work, as well as the excellent acting.  The film, in every aspect is fantastic, it begins with a rather humorous narration, from a person we grow to know as, "narrator".  It goes about to show how he lives, and his way of life.  In these scenes alone, movie lines that will go down in history are said, and it's only the first twenty minutes.  The film tends to progress faster and faster as the film continues.  We delve into the narrators psyche, and find that he is not unlike most people in this world, he has a tendency to say to people what they want to hear, even if it is not the truth in it's entirety.  Almost all folks can relate to the main character, and he feels to be a real human, not a character in a story.  This, is partially due to the excellent directing, as well as book, but it is mostly due to the fantastic performance by Edward Norton. It, in my opinion is an Oscar performance.  Bradd Pitt gives his best performance to date, he is definitely an excellent coworker with David Fincher, they seem to share a common thread when it comes to film making I suppose.  I have full intention of purchasing this film when it is released on VHS and DVD.  Do yourself a favour, see this film, if that is not an option, at least read the book.  If you are younger and feel unrest with society, this is the film.
5 If anyone had doubts about the genius of Clint Eastwood, they should run, not walk, to see "Million Dollar Baby", perhaps the best movie that came out of Hollywood is past year.Mr. Eastwood has that rare quality in choosing an odd story to bring to the screen. With this film he accomplishes what could be, perhaps, the best movie about boxing in history. In the first place, the story by F. X. Toole, in which the movie is based, is an odd choice. We have seen, so far, men boxers, but there is a world out there where women boxers compete in this sport that is not well known, or not commonly seen. The adaptation by Paul Haggis is excellent."Million Dollar Baby" has a rhythm of its own, seldom seen in boxing formula pictures. Thanks to Tom Stern almost black and white cinematography, this sordid world of second class gyms in the poor areas of the inner city, makes the film more interesting in its texture. Enhancing it all is the great musical score that Mr. Eastwood, a jazz enthusiast, has created. Music has always complimented Mr. Eastwood's work, but never in such a way as in this movie.If you haven't seen the film, please stop reading now.Frankie Dunn, is a man who has trained boxing champions. He is a man at odds with himself. He has demons within him that are tearing away at his soul. We watch him going to mass on a daily basis, but does that qualify him as a devout Catholic? Not according to Father Horvak, who sees a troubled soul in search of redemption.Frankie's letters comes back, returned from a daughter that wants nothing to do with him. Frankie, at the beginning of the film, loses the services of one his better boxers because a richer competitor is willing to pay the fighter much more. Frankie keeps the older Eddie "Scrap-Iron" Dupris employed in the gym because he feels guilty in having let this former boxer down at the highest point of Scrap's career.Into this world comes Maggie Fitzgerald. She is a young woman who wants to make it as a fighter; she comes from a white trash background and everything is against her. The only reason she has been allowed in the all-male gym is because she has paid six months worth of membership. We watch Maggie as she struggles on her own without any help from Frankie, the man she would like to interest in coaching her. Frankie realizes there is potential in this young woman, who he sees on a daily basis practicing, and he relents. Maggie proves she follows his instructions well. Then we watch her progress as she wins fight after fight until the million dollar fight with the vicious title holder.The ironic twist toward the end of the movie arrives out of nowhere; it shakes us up because it was totally unexpected. It makes Frankie and Maggie become father and daughter. Because of the guilt he feels in his own life, Frankie does the right thing in accepting the responsibility of the situation.The ending is the only thing that feels a bit manipulative in the film, although it's handled with a lot of taste, as it would have been worse in the hands of another, less capable director. The only other complain is that Mr. Eastwood speaks in a whisper, which distracts from what is going on, as we strain our ears to catch every nuance of the brilliant dialog. Also, the voice over by Morgan Freeman's character is at times, unintelligible.This is a film totally dominated by Clint Eastwood. As an actor, he brings to the role total credibility as the tormented soul inside Frankie. Hilary Swank makes a brilliant Maggie, the ambitious girl that gets much more than what she bargained for. Ms. Swank has the best moment of her career after her work in "Boys Don't Cry". Working with the right elements, Ms. Swank is an actress that works with little gestures to achieve her input in the character she is playing.Morgan Freeman is excellent as the beaten Scrap, a man who "could have been a contender". He underplays this character with sensational results. Brian O'Byrne, a theater actor who has been seen in two important plays this year in the New York stages, makes an impression as Father Hovark, who seems to understand Frankie. Margo Martindale is convincing as Maggie's mother.Sometimes it takes a lot for a film to be good. All the right elements were gathered by Clint Eastwood for this movie. It makes one wonder what will his next project be, or if he can surpass the milestone he created with "Million Dollar Baby".
5 It's difficult to write a review about a shark movie whilst not comparing it to a certain "we need a bigger boat" classic. It certainly doesn't come close to that particular film - it's watchable; but that's about it in my opinion.The Shallows is unfortunately one of those movies which, once you have seen the trailers, you've pretty much seen the entire film. There's not a huge story-line involved... yes, there's the main character (Blake Lively - who is also very beautiful) coming to terms with her own past and decisions she's made.I felt that once the story got going, everything slowed down to a standstill; and I'm afraid to say that I started feeling bored - far from what I expected after seeing the trailers and hype.I'm not saying The Shallows is a bad movie - Blake does a decent job, the CGI/shark scenes/SFX are more believable than most films in this 'genre', and the acting isn't anything to complain about. Where The Shallows loses stars (for me) is just the fact that the story-line is very limited - it's more of a psychological survival battle than a hunter/prey type movie.To sum up - The Shallows is worth a watch. I wouldn't put it up there with the 'classic', but nor would I put it down with some of the worst shark movies I've tried to watch (you know the ones). Location and atmosphere all work (would probably be difficult to do a shark movie that didn't involve the sea tho' - although it's being done in one of those crazy ones!). I was very much looking forward to this film; am just a little disappointed there wasn't more to it - jump scenes, shark scenes and perhaps a slightly better story line.Finally...I wouldn't be surprised if Steven Seagull gets his own movie next year!Overall: 5/10... Not the best... but far from the worst.
5 Parts of this movie are fun, but the immersion level is lost as Cal moves in and out of the Animus. Though this is a thing in the games, it functions there are a brief respite from the intensity of the assassin sequences by letting you nudge along the present-day plot with Desmond.The notion of the clandestine capture of multiple people to find the Apple of Eden is inconsistent with the game, and the film doesn't do enough to help the viewer to understand the Apple's purpose beyond broad strokes.The character development is also weak; why is Cal a death row inmate, of all things? There were numerous other ways of tackling the entry of Cal into the clandestine organization as opposed to what actually happened. Sophia and her father are also not utilized as well as possible, and this is truly unfortunate because these three actors are known for great performances; Michael Fassbender made Magneto, a genocidal maniac, sympathetic for crying out loud, so you must know that your writing has failed if his gravitas doesn't land. Cal is not interesting, and has positively nothing going for him. His game counterpart, Desmond, isn't much better, but Cal had the chance, in the dimension of film, to be something more, but he was not in the end.There are some fun stunts, and a few moments of solid action, but the film doesn't commit itself well enough to be an effective piece of cinema. I didn't expect the Spanish Inquisition to fall quite so flat. Monty Python is not pleased.
5 Gertrude Bell is one of the most remarkable people (of either sex) to have ever lived...but you wouldn't know it from this film. Archaeologist, mountain climber, poet, translator, linguist, explorer, diplomat, spy, (to name just a handful of her many accomplishments) and all in a time in which women were virtually prohibited from doing any of those things, for the most part, and in territories that even men of the time feared to tread. In addition to being the world's expert on both Sunni and Shiite relations before, during and after WWII, she was charged with drawing up the boundaries for modern day Iraq. She was respected, admired and desired. But, since she was female, it took nearly a decade to green light a movie on her life and then some man decides to make her life story an epic "romance" and, of course, make the MEN in her life central to her story. How heartbreaking that her story was so terribly contrived to conform to Hollywood's stereotypes about women and women's lives. And how more tragic that this film could not even find a U.S. distributer as of this writing. This is why we live in a world that thinks women make little to no contributions to history. We rarely tell their stories and when we do, we stuff the round peg of a remarkable life into the square hole of Hollywood sexist tropes, believing no one wants to see a film with a female protagonist unless she's spending at least half the movie pining over some man in order to feel whole. While the movie does cover many of her remarkable accomplishments, my beef with the film is the need to weigh her story down with overly melodramatic, poorly written scenes of tragic love instead of celebrating a superlative life of unique and notable triumphs. I wanted to see more on her travels, her discoveries, her diplomacy, her efforts during the war. Just gender flip this film (although it would be hard to find a man of history as accomplished in multiple fields as she was) and you'll see how ridiculous is the script's focus on what was only one facet of the brilliant gem that was Gertrude Bell.I urge anyone interested in history to read about this woman's life. Desert Queen: The Extraordinary Life of Gertrude Bell, by Janet Wallach is a great biography.Hollywood has perfected the fine art of trivializing and "romanticizing" women's history...yet again.
5 Project Almanac is a found footage time travel movie. And as far as time travel films go this must be one of the worst I've ever seen. It takes them almost half of the movie to make the damn thing (with old car batteries and Xbox 360 parts) and once they have the power to travel through time, what do they do? Go to parties and concerts coz apparently they were to stupid to go to them like in normal time. The movie also does little effort to respect some time travel rules like concerning duplicates off yourself already being there at the same place etc. Spoiler: they redo a certain part like 8 times (groundhog style like the characters correctly state) to do...a chemistry test over and over. WTF??? Then they get the fantastic idea to play the lottery, they f*ck it up by only filling in 5 of the 6 numbers correctly so they only win 1,8 m$ instead of 53m$, and THAT they only do once??? I have to say I've never seen a time travel flick where the characters and the retarded plot enraged me so much as this one. I know the target audience is teenagers but even they must have seen better in this genre. The directors next movie is going to be 'Power Rangers'. I'm wondering if he was so stupid to choose that himself or if the studio execs wanted to punish him for making dumb movies.
5 I have to confess not knowing too much about 'Mom and Dad' when I went to see it. I've always been a big fan of Nicholas Cage (even despite his recent run of terrible straight-to-DVD films) so I was delighted to see his (to my knowledge) first film to be actually released in the cinema for many years (was 'Kick A$$' the last?). He and Selma Blair play a pair of suburban parents to your typical rebellious teenage girl and young son. To begin with, the film seems to be quite a quirky social satire (even comedic at times), however in a moment the tone suddenly goes much darker when a set of creepy events takes place. Then, from 'mildly unsettling' it changes again to all out murderous panic when every parent in the world (I'm guessing) decides to murder their own children in as grisly manner possible.And, if you're now asking 'Why would they do that?' then you'd be in the same boat as me. Hopefully I won't be spoiling the movie too much if I say now that the film asks a lot of questions and then delivers very little in the way of actual answers (this severely links into my feelings towards the ending, but, as I say, I won't spoil it for you).What follows is basically the two children doing their best to survive their parents' attacks (just their parents I'll clarify - parents only want to kill their own children and no one else - please don't ask why - it's just how it is!). This led me to my first personal complaint is that there's a distinct lack of Nicholas Cage in the first third, as the film concentrates on the youngsters more than their parents.However, when Cage is finally given the freedom to do what he does best (go crazy and totally overact) he doesn't disappoint. However, as much as I'd like to see this as a 'vehicle' to get him back into mainstream cinema, it probably won't be. For a start it won't be seen by that many people due so some truly horrific moments. I'm a die-hard horror fan and, on the one hand I grumble about the lack of 'real scares' in horror films these days, seeing some of the boundaries this film tries to push (when it effectively comes to infanticide) it left me feeling more than a little uneasy.It's not just the content that doesn't sit well, the random shifts in character for almost everyone feels a little odd at times. Throughout the film, one character shows no aptitude for a specific skill she suddenly acquires just to move the plot forward, leaving the film feeling like 'Home Alone' for a moment. Then, whenever the film starts to truly pick up pace, the film-maker tries to make up for a lack of character motivation by throwing in - seemingly random - flashbacks which merely extend the runtime and slow everything down by being a bit pointless.The soundtrack may be good and Cage is enjoyable to watch, sadly the film is a hard one to sit through. As I mentioned, it's very nasty in places (especially if you're a parent) and its constant shifts in tone leave it a bit of a jarring mess. This is particularly disappointing because I have this weird feeling that there's a good film in their somewhere and with a few more re-writes in pre-production could have made it into a decent little horror flick.
5 At first I didn't think "The Rock" would make a good Hercules, but once I saw the film I couldn't say anything negative about him. The demi-god is after all not big on words, and this is not Shakespeare. Plus, he's got the physical attributes and the persona to pull off this job. The movie producers did a good job putting on the screen what this historical period must have looked like, and the effects are not bad at all. It was also a pleasure to see some good actors playing nasty: Fiennes and Hurt were very effective, and they chewed the scenery when required.So what happened? If you are a fan of mythology, you will be disappointed because the film only addresses the myths in reference, and we barely get a chance to see them. The film deals with a completely different "period" of Hercules' life, and it wasn't the best the writers could come up with. Once again, heavy on the effects and looks and not enough care going into the writing.Maybe if you are willing to sit through some barely amusing battle scenes that are easily surpassed by some of the thrills in the less seen "Pompeii", a film that at least had some respect for its source and spent more time in the choreography of the gladiators' fights and took care to focus on the destruction of the city. Yes, I was impressed by the destruction of the big statue here, but I would have liked to see more of the demi-god powers than a last minute turn of events to prove a point.Leave your brain outside, sit and enjoy the air conditioning and get ready to get in "Transformers" mode, and you'll be pleased with the loud effects and the thin storyline.
5 Unexpectedly I found Dr.Jekyll and Mr. Hide in this originally supposed to be a Mummy movie! What a remarkable sandwich I bought at theater! In fact, mixing different feature monsters are fatal to serious attempt to the tradition of the genre. Although genre mixture is functional, feature characters' combo is doomed to be not fanny comedy. From other point of view, I appreciate Ahmanet's horribleness and making audiences think that is a kind of creature from outer space not like traditional mummy with OK bands.Ahmanet is like vampire in Life Force. The filmmakers exactly were affected by Tobe Hooper's sci-fi horror classic. Audiences bit confused about the feature of this film. Is it Jekyll movie or the Mummy or revive of the Life Force? I think this is the mixture of all of them. Does it work? no...5 out of 5!
5 I watched the Snowman last night and its just as poor as this effort! There doesn't seem to be any thought to constructing an interesting story in thrillers these days leaving the viewer feeling un-thrilled for the most part! Is there really a dearth of intelligent and smart scripts in Hollywood? All of these type of movies seem to be desperately emulating the excellent and original movie "7" and failing on just about every level.Poor old Al Pacino is past his best if this is anything to judge by and Karl Urban is looking not far behind. The acting was barely passable, the story was pedestrian, un-involving thriller-by- numbers and not very clever although it tried so hard to be...ohh, and the end - well what can we say but the director obviously has delusions of grandeur if he thinks there will be a Hangman 2 - I mean the ending just didn't need to be and it just makes the whole movie look even sillier and ends up being what my old English teacher used to call "Cheating The Viewer"!If you are looking for a decent thriller you might find it hard this year but try the excellent "WIND RIVER" but just forget this one and wait for it to come on telly as it isn't worth rental.
5 his movie is a 10 from the very beginning. The casting is brilliant, the story is hauntingly beautiful, the performances are the best of what Hollywood once was, and the sets are of quality design and architecture. The direction is awesome, but it's Hitchcock, and I expect nothing less from his productions.Rebecca is a glamorous, beautiful socialite who has won the hearts of all who knew her. Well, almost all. But a year after her untimely death, her grieving husband near his wit's end, has grown seemingly suicidal and aloof.He engages his grief while on a trip to Monte Carlo, and meets the beautiful personal secretary and maid of a long-time friend, Mrs. Edythe Van Hopper. She is young, naive, and completely unprepared for the life which is awaiting her; all qualities which George Fortescu Maximillian 'Maxim' de Winter finds endearing.I won't detail the events in this movie, as the story itself is quite haunting, with surprises around every turn.This is a definite "must have" in any suspense / horror / Hitchcock / classics movie collection, and a mandatory must see for all fans of all movies.It rates a 10/10 for its absolute perfection, from...the Fiend :.
5 This film was marketed, somewhat, as a sci-fi film (mainly due to the speculative nature of its society); but, in my opinion, it's more horrific than anything from Stephen King.  Imagine a society ruled by a totalitarian theocracy, and a patriarchal one at that.  Women have been reduced to subservient roles and minorities have been removed.  Environmental matters and social upheaval have left a large portion of the controlling population sterile.  To counteract this, fertile women are forced to become "handmaids", breeding stock for those in power (justified by a small passage from Genesis).  What really makes this premise scary, is that it represents ideas pushed by some fundamentalist groups within this society.  Also, there is enough twisted logic to almost make it seem benign; but, that is always the way with fascists.Spoilers: Natasha Richardson plays Kate, a former librarian who tries to flee this repressive state with her family.  They are caught at the border, where her husband is shot and killed and she becomes separated from her daughter. She is then transported to a holding facility where she is subjected to indoctrination, prior to being placed in the home of one of the society elites.  Richardson is rather low key throughout the film.  She never really seems to generate much emotion, even when asking about her missing daughter. Normally this would be a problem, but it works within this sterile society. Perhaps she has been so brutalized by this society, she has lost touch with her emotions.  In other roles, this lack of emotional range has hindered Richardson; here, it is an asset.Faye Dunaway is chilling as Serena Joy.  She is cold, calculating and ruthless, which Dunaway is an expert at portraying.  She is lost in this society, where her identity entirely revolves around her role as the Commander's wife, when she once held celebrity status.  She no longer has any emotional connection to her husband, and thinks a child will change that.  She doesn't even care if the child is fathered by her husband, just so long as it exists.Victoria Tennant is even scarier.  As Aunt Lyddia, she exudes a calm demeanor as she spouts a twisted ideology.  She becomes even more terrifying as a psychotic gleam enters her eyes; like when she spreads the lies that the political prisoner, who is murdered by the mob of handmaids, was a rapist and murderer.  Tennant conveys so much menace with a look. She is easily Dunaway's equal in the villainy department and a highly under-utilized actress.Elizabeth McGovern is Moira, a lesbian who befriends Kate at the indoctrination center.  She is smart and sassy and it's her intelligence, not her sexuality that presents a threat to this society.  She is able to counteract their indoctrination and, briefly, escape her fate.  She ultimately ends up as a prostitute in a secret brothel.  The very nature of this brothel exposes the religious hypocrisy of this society.Finally, Robert Duvall is the Commander, one of the leaders of this state. At first, he almost seems like a kind, decent man.  He tries to befriend Kate and takes pleasure in her intelligence.  It's only when you see him try to justify his role in this society and the actions that were take to create it, that you begin to see what a little man he is.  He is like so many figures within fascist states: failures in their previous endeavors who take out their frustrations on others in weaker positions.  Despite his superior position in society, the true power of the family is Serena Joy.  He lives in fear of her and probably acted initially at her urging.The other male character of consequence is Aidan Quinn, as Nick, the Commander's driver.  He is a more positive male figure, one who loves Kate and, ultimately, helps her escape.  He is a rebel, living undercover, who is trying to tear down this society.  The question that is left open is whether he was always in league with the rebels, or only sought them out after falling in love with Kate.  Quinn is fairly emotionless throughout; but, again, it works within the context of this society.  He is probably the weakest of the cast, though.I haven't read the novel, although I have skimmed through it.  While the film may not be wholly faithful to the novel, it does capture the spirit and themes of the book.  I saw the film first, attracted by the alternate world scenario.  When I looked through the book, I discovered the concept of the handmaid's names.  In the film, hearing Kate being called "Offred" didn't register in my brain as "Of Fred", meaning she was his property.  It sounded like a weird name in a strange society, not unlike the names slaves were given in the South, or one that would be given to a pet.  That alone illustrates how chilling this society is:  that they can present an evil idea in such a way as you don't connect the evil to the idea.Ultimately, this is a flawed film, but one that succeeds in conveying its ideas.  I shudder to think how this would have been done with an American director and a Hollywood studio production.  It clearly illustrates the dangers of fundamentalism and the stagnating force of totalitarian regimes.
5 I laughed my head off at these ill behaved little rapscallions. However, in the real world I would have cheerfully kicked their rascally little butts. Nothing realistic about the behavior of these kids at all, but I don't think that was intended. Lots of zany antics [some re-done from the old shorts from years back] and many belly laughs left me feeling good after the film was over. Thumbs up.
5 When you can predict the next move in a scene that is supposed to be thrilling. It ain't so thrilling.The movie was to long. It probably wouldn't hurt cutting it half hour shorter.The villain "Little finger" was stuck in the Little finger role. I rated it 6 before I started writing the review, lowering it to 5.
5 This was a comic book? I don't know how readers got through all the plot holes in the story, like what story? It was all I could do to finish watching the first show. This is the worst Marvel show I've ever seen. Made absolutely no sense like for instance, this group of inhumans are living on the moon, well then why aren't the regular humans like Black Bolt's brother not frying from the radiation poisoning from the sun since he apparently has no powers? Remember the moon has no atmosphere unless there is a shield around Attilan, which is another part of the story that wasn't explained. Actually nothing was explained; how they became inhuman; how they got to the moon and don't tell me the damn dog brought the entire population to the moon,so where did they come from? Then Black Bolt played by Anson Mount; we don't get to hear this character speak throughout the entire show. His voice apparently is lethal so he doesn't speak just goes through a series of gestures I guess considered inhuman sign language.The series is horrible and I suggest canceling it now before Marvel embarrasses themselves further.I was looking so forward to this show but am sadly disappointed.
5 This film feels like a Black Mirror episode - but one that treads water for almost two and a half hours without ever reaching its main idea. 250% longer, but only a fraction of the satisfaction. I really wanted to immerse myself in its atmosphere and ideas, the idea of a David Lynch/Cronenberg style Shining/Shutter Island film seems great. But the film really tests your patience. The main character is icy and unlikable, the other characters are similarly distant. Stuff happens, a lot of stuff, some of it great looking, but with nothing to tie it together or the any character depth to engage with, it ends up feeling like you're being taken through a film students visual exhibition that doesn't end soon enough. It really doesn't live up to the amazing film that the trailer suggests, a pattern that seems to be more and more common with films these days. Similar to Passengers, I wonder if moments were shot just to make the trailer more powerful in selling the film.
5 I have no idea why people would believe that this movie should belong in IMDb's top 250 and it should be rated so high. Its a surreal take on Fellini's so called Director's block. The movie moves between scenes where the main character of the movie, the director - Guido fantasies about the women in his life and how things should be instead of how they are. It is an abstract movie and requires shear patience to get through the 2 hours playing time. I fail to understand why movies like this are elevated to cult status. Its just silly. Avoid it like the plague..Doesn't belong in IMDb top 250 but would definitely make it to IMDb's top 100 art movies.
5 I won't waste my time trying to explain it but it is horrible.
5 Del Toro's movie was just like Edith's book in the film. It needed more real romance, not some weird contrived romance that never felt real at all in any facet...and just missing something despite a lot of potential. So much wasted potential.I am very disappointed by this film. I was looking forward to something with Del Toro (as well as Hiddleston) for some time. While I'm not generally a fan of much horror I do tend to like Gothic romance. I feel that this story started out delivering all of that.I love the cinematography, the staging, and the costumes. Everything was gloriously detailed and lovely. I really enjoyed the amount of effort that went into the pictures as they were made. Sadly, the plot starts wonderfully and is even a bit surprising but then it falls flat and doesn't get up again. I'm not sure if parts were just a result of poor editing, or if it was planned to become dull after the trio move to England.The opening was really inviting, there was a lot of promise in the plot. Some of the hints for the future were a little obvious in my opinion but others were less so. I feel like the director must have been trying to insult people that like romance because there was incredibly little. There were a few lines that didn't feel all that romantic and instead felt a little more like bad smut novel lines. Once you get to England and the haunted house things just get weird. Half the time no one is around as Edith wanders about discovering all the murders that the siblings were up to. Edith is almost always left to her own devices while Thomas works on his red clay machine and his sister...plays the piano and I dunno...sharpens her knives? I guess they must have been off practicing the 'incest is best' mentality almost all of the time - to include the middle of the night. Why does she never ask her husband why he is never actually in bed with her? Is this for the same reason none of his marriages have been consummated without any questions? A tradition followed by law to this day. She just assumes all husbands don't want their wives? What? This was the first of many glaring issues.Why is the heroine first depicted as incredibly clever, self-reliant, and capable in the first half of the film? (Before they arrive at the crumbling manor - I now take this to be a symbol for what is about to happen to the movie.) All of these aspects sort of fall apart when she ignores all manner of clues despite previously noticing small details. When she, even though she has the money, just goes along with living in the estate at all when all logic dictates to not...yeah, well there goes a reasonably intelligent main character. Damn, we had one for the first half.Then suddenly he does have sex with her the night they're in town? Why? It was just ill-timed, forced, and awkward, not romantic. I think Del Toro just figured he'd sell the movie more if he added a bizarre Hiddleston sex scene.From the first scene with both siblings I knew they were shagging. It's not like it's a new theme for Del Toro. He's done it before. (Hellboy 2) It was overtly predictable and boring. Which leads me to believe he must have had some pretty unhealthy thoughts about his own sister. Thomas as a character felt worthless. Never was I convinced he actually loved Edith, I think he just really wanted to love her and wanted her as an escape from his abusive sister. I didn't feel bad for anyone. Thomas was a coward, that was pretty obvious and clear from the get go. Edith would have been good if she hadn't suddenly turned into a retard instead of seeking real help.The ending bothered me the most. The order of it was just all over the place. Thomas was bumbling about like the imbecile he is. He doesn't come to really mean much of anything. Edith saves herself and he just wanders in to his sister's lair. He might as well have just stabbed himself in the face and saved everyone else the trouble of his existence. His presence might have meant something if he would have walked in to declare that this wasn't okay and that he was going to let Edith go or that they'd live together or something in his crazy head BEFORE Edith had already saved herself. But since Edith had already seemingly stabbed the bitch in the heart (a lot of that pen went pretty deep) it wasn't really meaningful. That plot arrangement was just as pointless as the character, Thomas.Then crazy sister goes on a merry chase when she's been stabbed heavily near her heart. Cause you know, she wouldn't be bleeding to death or anything...evil people don't bleed, just not totally horrible ones. Then finally Edith doesn't get any real help from Thomas' ghost other than to function as the oldest trick in the book: 'hey look over there!' before she smashes in evil sister's head. Wow really? Worst ending I've seen in a long time. If at least he would have intervened before Edith saved herself then it might have had an ounce of feeling, but this was just poorly put together. So incredibly hollow, I'm sad good acting was wasted on that.
5 The Flinstones, starring john goodman, rosie, elizabeth p., and rick m., was very cute and fun. It teaches you to forgive and that fame isn't as important as your family and friends. From all the reviews it got and the 4.3/10 it got here, I didn't expect much. But I did end up enjoying it. Pretty funny, too. Good Family comedy. I recommend this to people who like the show "The Flinstones", or comedies. If you don't like either of those, then you might not enjoy it as much.Good Fun comedy! ****(out of five) stars
5 Goldie Hawn as Judy Benjamin is your typical Philadelphia Jewish princess with two husbands already, one quickly annulled, one expiring on their honeymoon night. Seeking something to give life meaning again she meets with an army recruiter and finds herself pushing Mississippi away from her numerous times as Private Benjamin.This turns out for Goldie Hawn to be one of her career roles, it even spawned a TV series though Hawn did not do it for the small screen. It also won her a Best Actress Oscar nomination for herself and a Supporting Actress nomination for her screen nemesis Eileen Brennan as her basic training company commander. Private Benjamin also got a nomination for Best Original Screenplay.Some 30 years earlier Rosalind Russell also found a home in the army when she did Never Wave At A WAC. A lot of similarities except that Russell was a good deal older when she decided to enlist. Her film was also more of a recruiting commercial for the Women's Army Corps.Hawn's army in 1980 was a great deal more integrated although we would not see women in combat roles until the Gulf War. Still Hawn goes through some rigorous training.She also has a good military mind, pulling out a war game sequence in a similar manner to The Dirty Dozen. She gets the goods on General Robert Webber so to speak and also has mixed results in the romance department with Armand Assante. As a woman who has now learned to be all she can be, she will not be a trophy wife for an Alpha male Frenchman.Funniest scene for me is Goldie complaining about the latrine facilities and Brennan showing her what she can do about it.45+ years later and Private Benjamin still a very good and very funny film.
5 After watching this movie I was totally filled with enthusiasm. Fight Club is definitly Fincher's best movie even better than se7en. It's not only the story but the optics which fascinated me. When I had seen it for the second time I could see this movie with the knowledge of the conclusion which is really fascinating as you'll see Fight Club in a totally different perspective. Also great about Fight Club is its soundtrack performed by the Dust Brothers and especially the song 'Where is my mind' by the Pixies which really fit to the end of the movie. Unfortunately Fight Club didn't have much success in Germany but anyway the movie got best reviews of the German press. I also have to mention the brilliance of Ed Norton and Brad Pitt who plays best in roles in which he performs the villain. But it's quiet amazing what Edward Norton is able to do - he is just overwhelming. For that role he has to get the oscar.
5 Sadly, there aren't enough superlatives in the English language with which to laud Up, the latest offering from the folks at Disney/Pixar. This is quite simply the best movie of any genre to emerge thus far this year. No small praise considering how I've long been adverse to "kids movies", pegging them as being shallow, vapid, and simplistic - a personal preconception which Pixar mercifully shattered with 2004's The Incredibles and 2008's WALL-E, which proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that for all their acclaim as an animation studio, they are equally brilliant story tellers Up tells the story of Carl Fredricksen (voiced by Ed Asner), who as a child meets Ellie, later to become the love of his life. Carl and Ellie find they share a common dream – to one day visit Paradise Falls, a mysterious tropical oasis in South America made famous in vintage newsreels chronicling the exploits of explorer/adventurer Charles Muntz (Christopher Plummer). Life, however, manages to get in the way as the two grow up, get married, experience the pain of miscarriage, and eventually grow old, so much so that father time catches up on Ellie, leaving Carl a widower. All of this is conveyed with little dialog in a masterful sequence that had the audience, old and young alike, sniffling throughout.If you're thinking this isn't the usual stuff you see in "kids movies" you're right. But all credit is due to Pixar and the directorial and writing team of Pete Docter and Bob Peterson for realizing that children aren't idiots, and can handle complex, often tragic stories, if conveyed in the proper manner. It's a refreshing change from the over-protective mentality that once saw all hints of violence edited out of Warner Bros/Looney Tunes cartoons.In Up, characters bleed, there's implied murder, and it's all counter-balanced with some of the most delightfully twisted humor that's as inspired as anything the Zucker brothers ever came up with. The story literally had me careening from being misty-eyed to laughing heartily, frequently in the span of minutes.Faced with forced relocation to a retirement home, Carl opts for one final gambit, to fly his house down to Paradise Falls with the aid of a multitude of helium-filled balloons affixed to the roof of his house. Along for the ride is Russell (Jordan Nagai), a Wilderness Scout seeking to add a merit badge to his collection. Eventually the duo are complimented by Dug (voiced by co-director and writer Bob Peterson) a dopey derelict dog equipped by the now aged Muntz with a translator collar that converts dog thoughts to English.Like WALL-E, Up manages to imbue its characters with depth and humanity, while at the same time tell a story that is mature, delightful, and most of all, terrifically funny. In an era when Hollywood seems only capable of re-boots and do-overs, Up is not merely a refreshing stroke of original brilliance, it is likely the best movie you will see all year.... or until Pixar emerges with their next effort.
5 I enjoyed the 2010 "Alice in Wonderland" that had that unique Tim Burton touch to it. But I wasn't in any rush to get to see the 2016 sequel "Alice: Through the Looking Glass". Why? Well, because just what more could there be to tell about this story?With that being said, then don't get me wrong. "Alice: Through the Looking Glass" is not a bad movie, it just seems like a movie that hardly was necessary to have been made. It is a good movie in itself, and works quite well as a stand-alone, if you will.The effects in "Alice: Through the Looking Glass" were great, as they also were in the previous movie. And it was nice to see the beloved characters from the first movie return, and also to see the amazing job that the special effects team pulled off at bringing the world to life. Lots of details, vivid colors and memorable characters.The actors and actresses in the movie were doing good jobs with their given roles, and it was a great treat to have the original cast return to play their characters once again. The Time character was interesting, but it left a less than savory taste in my mouth that they had cast Sacha Baron Cohen for this role. He is not an actor that I am too fond of, so in my opinion another cast would have been preferable. I do enjoy the Mad Hatter character and Johnny Depp does a great job in portraying him. And it was nice to get to see more of that quirky character and get to know more of his background.The special effects and wardrobe teams really are the ones shining in this movie, because there are just so many wonderful things to look at throughout the movie. And the level of creativity is just astounding. No matter where you look there is something breathtaking."Alice: Through the Looking Glass" is certainly an entertaining movie, but it is hardly one that you will sit down and watch again any time soon.
5 "It happens sometimes. Friends come in and out of our lives, like busboys in a restaurant."Stand By Me is Rob Reiner's love letter to friendship and nostalgic memories. It's ironic that Reiner's film looks at the past with such high regards because we can do the same with his filmography. His best films were all made in the 80's (and we can squeeze Misery and A Few Good Men into that list as well although they came out in 1990 and 1992 respectively), and despite not having directed many great films over the past few decades we can still look back at his early films and appreciate his classics. Stand By Me reminds us all of our early childhood and the friendships we made. It doesn't matter what decade we grew up in, we all cherish special memories of adventures we shared with our friends and how they helped shape us. That is what is so universal and appealing about Reiner's film; even though we may never have grown up in a small town or had similar outdoor adventures it still recalls us back to a time where we were discovering new things about the world and standing up for our friends when they were in trouble or running with them when we got caught playing in our neighbor's yards. Stand By Me focuses on these memories and it's not just about the adventure in itself but the bond these friends shared together. It's probably the go to movie when we are comparing or referencing other coming of age films, and in my opinion one of the best ever made considering how much I appreciate the genre. I'm sure the film itself was a life changing experience for many who grew up watching it and dreaming of having similar adventures with their friends.Based on Stephen King's short story, "The Body," the screenplay for the film was adapted by Raynold Gideon and Bruce Evans. It takes place in 1959 and centers on four 12 year old friends from Castelrock, Oregon who overhear a conversation about the location of the body of a dead boy who had been missing for several days. The news about the disappearance of this boy had spread all over town, so these kids decide to embark on an adventure through the woods and bring back the missing body so they can be received as heroes. Since the journey would take more than a full day, they plan to tell their parents that they are staying at each other's home. Gordie (Will Wheaton) had recently lost his older brother (played by John Cusack in the flashback scenes) a few months prior to this in a car accident so he knew his mourning parents wouldn't even mind him being gone for a few days. His best friend, Chris (River Phoenix), came from a troublesome family and despite knowing he'd get into trouble if they'd discover his lie he didn't think it would be any different if he stayed with his drunk father. Teddy (Corey Feldman) still has the scars from the abuse he suffered from his mentally unstable father, and currently lives with his mother. Vern (Jerry O'Connell), the clown of the group who isn't taken very seriously is the one who came up with the idea of looking for the body, but he also is the first to back down when it comes to it. The four finally decide to go ahead with their plan and begin their adventure, which will eventually shape who they are. The story is narrated by the grown up version of Gordie (played by Richard Dreyfuss) somewhere around 1985.The strong performances in this film are one of the reasons why it continues to work today. River Phoenix was such a natural and is so charismatic that he steals every scene he's in. The chemistry he shares with Wheaton's character is strong and it reminds us all of that best friend we had in our childhood. Corey Feldman must have had the best agent because he starred in some of the best films that were released in the 80's (Gremlins, The Goonies, The Burbs, and The Lost Boys). Jerry O'Connell is probably the one that has undergone the greatest physical transformation, but he was perfect for the role of Vern and he reminded us of that friend who always seemed to be the butt of every joke. These four young actors carry the film and despite not having the most exciting of adventures, the way the story is told is what makes it such a fascinating one. There are small moments like the one where they gather around the camp fire to listen to Gordie's story, or when they are crossing the pond and discover its full of leeches, that stand out. The film is told through Gordie's recollection of these events and each scene feels like an authentic memory someone would have of such a life changing experience. The 50's soundtrack also plays a key role in the film since it adds to the overall sense of nostalgia. Reiner's film reminds me how much I actually have enjoyed Stephen King's non-horror stories (this along with Shawshank Redemption and The Green Mile are my favorite film adaptations of his work). Since its 1986 release, all the coming of age films that have followed it seem to heavily borrow from it. Stand By Me is the measuring stick for films in this genre.http://estebueno10.blogspot.com/
5 Jaws 2 is the only good sequel after the Classic Original movie, Roy Scheider returns as Martin Brody and faces another deadly Shark that brings terror in the sea one more time. The cool thing i loved from this movie is the way the creature's face has been marked with a scar and the way it died was amazing and beautiful. The real question is tho is this movie as good as the first one? cause the reviews are pretty mixed well i tell you this Jaws 2 is The Dark Knight of the Franchise next to Jaws 3-D and Jaws The Revenge. Another thing is this movie scary? well yes it is if not as scary as the first one is definitely scary on it's own. This is a great underrated sequel and you definitely need this on your collection don't bother with the others.
5 Spoilers herein.I just don't like Hitchcock. I admit that he `delivered value' in his day, but as I review his films today, I find them trite, badly dated. The style of acting he used now looks `actorly.' His camera framing is well considered but unimaginative by today's standards. The stories are not engaging (to me).But this film really is a classic. Not because of the acting or the dialog, but because it was so cleverly conceived. And because the execution is so purely cinematic.The first problem a writer/director faces is what stance the camera takes. Is it a fairly static `audience' as if you were watching a play? Is it godlike in always seeing things from the best perspective, though sometimes humanly impossible? Is it a character? Or does it follow a character sometime showing their point of view, sometimes their reaction? Does it act?Do we admit the camera exists -- by introducing jiggle, or showing operator's functions like focusing, developing? Do we dissolve the camera's perspective by juggling time or perspectives? Do we try a `100 simultaneous cameras' approach?Hitchcock usually uses the static theatrical approach -- way too much for modern tastes. He punctuates this by sometimes doing a character focused shot, and sometimes a spectacular-for-the-time godshot -- as in the `Psycho' shower scene.But this film is more purely conceived for the camera. There are no godshots. Nearly all the camerawork is from Jeff's eye, or of Jeff's apartment, with a few notable exceptions. What is novel is why this works -- the set and entire story were composed backwards. That is, instead of having some slice of life that the camera discovers, this reality exists as if it were created by the camera before the action starts. Everything that is required to motivate the world is comprehensible from that apartment -- the entire physics of this world is based on its center.In other words, Hitchcock's achievement here is not how he accommodates the camera to the world, but the world to the camera.Pure genius.
5 The Handmaid's Tale goes a long way to show just what could possibly happen if some religious establishment were to take control of the government. In the movie you can plainly see the horrific amount of mysoginy and mistreatment of women that was commonplace in times past and is prevalant in many societies today.  I think that the overall concept of the movie is good, but I think that the presentation of it could have been better.  The characters seemed to lack depth and like other comments I have read, the directing was horrible.  I can understand that there must have been some difficulty in adapting Atwood's book to movie format since the original story is solely from the viewpoint of Offred (the handmaid).  I can certainly see that the screenwriters tried to stick to one of Atwood's main points in the story of the mysoginy and facism of the group that had taken control.  The movie shows the wisdom of keeping a strict separation of church and state.
5 Aardman Animations have been part of my life. I will forever remember the moment Wallace wore the wrong trousers or Mrs Tweedy obnoxiously making chicken pies. Their animations are quintessentially British, and I'm somewhat patriotic about that. So it comes with no pleasure that I have to say I really didn't enjoy this. A small tribe of cavemen have been brutally kicked out of their valley. The rise of The Bronze Age creates a pivotal and existential question: who is better at football? Of course, you have your memorable characters that range from a bronze obsessed Lord to a sheepish hog...and there we have our film. Consistently, their animation style knocks it out of the park...Nick Park...*cough* everytime! Stop motion is a skill, an incredible talent and it's great to see fully fledged motion pictures are still being produced. The British voice cast were stupendously well suited, particularly Redmayne and Hiddleston who clearly had fun. Occasionally the witty script, filled with both football satire and ancient puns, did bring a smile on my face. It's just...not enough, I'm sorry to say. Look, Nick Park and the gang are endlessly inventive and provide great family entertainment value. Children will love this no doubt. It just wasn't for me. The plot was ridiculously predictable to a point where I could estimate accurately how the story would unfold. Guess what? I was right. The over reliance of crude slapstick humour (farts, annoying sounds etc.) was far too excessive and seemed dated. It's as if the studio haven't evolved whereas rivals Pixar, Laika and even Dreamworks are way ahead of the game. The story's execution felt primitive. I felt nothing towards the characters, wasn't moved by the plot and the clear moral of the story was forced down my throat. Teamwork...if you didn't get it. I just don't think football was the way to go. A real unfortunate misfire, I hope the studio bring it back with their next motion picture.
5 Akira Kurosawa is widely (and rightly) thought of as one of the most important filmmakers in the history of motion pictures. "Yojimbo", one of the masterpieces that have earned him this more than deserved reputation, is not only one of the best, but also one of the most influential movies ever made. Only three years after its release another great director, Sergio Leone, who named Yojimbo one of his favorite movies, used it as the model for another masterpiece, "A Fistful Of Dollars" and rose the Italian Western to an international level.In 1860, a time when the sword is still the most common weapon in the Japanese province, but gradually gets replaced by the revolver, a lonely Ronin, a Samurai without a master to serve,(Toshiro Mifune) who dashes around the county, comes to a little town terrorized by two bosses and their criminal gangs and decides to end the people's suffering and free the town. He is hired by one of the gangs as a bodyguard, only to switch sides and pit the two, already hostile, gangs against each other.Toshiro Mifune, one of the greatest character actors of all time, is impressive in his role of the Samurai, generally the acting is great in this movie, the supporting cast contains such actors as the great and unforgettable Takashi Shimura. The cinematography is great and the movie's brilliant score, composed by Fumio Hayasaka, is one of its kind. The writing and directing by the inimitable Akira Kurosawa is more than brilliant. One of the greatest movies by one of the greatest directors of all-time, and an absolute must-see for everyone interested in cinema!
5 I hate to give this a bad review as I am a big fan of Mads BUT there are so many ridiculous parts to this story I can not believe how people have rated it. As a teacher, firstly the whole premise of this film is that 'kids never lie' well I'm sorry but any teacher who's been in the job more than a day knows that kids lie all the time. Secondly the other kids would not just make stories up about being abused - and collaborate on a story; especially at a nursery.Why did he never mention the fact she had tried to kiss him?! I found it so frustrating I almost switched it off.They would never send a male to interview a female student and they do not use such direct questioning. A teacher would not get sacked without even asking where the abuse is said to have taken place.Finally, although the film is beautifully shot and Mads plays the role brilliantly his 'best friend' had the most ridiculous fake beard I've seen since the Life of Brian.
5 Dull, poor acting, horrid show. I tried to give it 3 episodes but couldn't complete that!
5 I never thought it possible that a film with such heavy subject would have me laughing at the end! But thats exactly what happened. After depicting all the clichés that there are about the wars at the middle East (for most of the time, so efficiently and subtly that the movie went quiet well up to a point), and after having us convinced we are actually seeing a really good movie, it drops a twist so "over the top " that instead of delving us in shock, it just leave us there standing like in WTF happened now?MAJOR SPOILERS AHEAD......So, the mother had an illegitimate child that was taken away from her (after the killing of her boyfriend by her family) ,who was then captured and trained from an opposite group, who was then later captured and imprisoned from the original group, and then in the blink of an eye changes his loyalties, becomes a tormentor, ends up raping his own mother, and the later, after encountering her son/rapist completely accidentally in the other edge of the world, collapses and dies but arranges to sent her offsprings to find their brother/dad for closure! (which she still loves of course!) Sorry, this is so extreme that it no longer seems horrible or serve us to transmit the dismals of war, it just becomes plainly laughable. If you ever saw a movie that tries so hard to make a point that it TOTALLY misses it, then that movie was it!In the background of course, there are masterfully presented descriptions of the horrors of war, especially civil war, which every nation who has been through this process knows how worst is from "normal" wars, but again everything is given with such extremity, crazy coincidences and the like that you can only accept it if you take them for their symbolic meaning. Unfortunately, the end is so extremely absurd that simply ruins the strength of the movie. Everyone knows what happens in wars. Sorry, such crazy development doesn't happen even in them.The saddest part is how many people embraced that movie, showing beyond a doubt how accurate the story about the naked king (H.C. Andersen) still stands today, both among the critics and the common people. But then again, there is no surprise there!In conclusion if you want to see a "punch in the gut" about such subjects, see "Whistleblower" (or Hotel Rwanda and the like), who truly deliver. This one is betrayed by the fact that it simply tries too much, and hence looses the realism that would give the movie its strength. Oh well, next time...
5 I like this franchise more than previous, because it has more entertaining chasing sequences then the first one, the background score is the strong bone of the movie, this sounds gives you more goosebumps than tense, this one will edge into your seat though out the movie, also the performances by the all cast is Mind Blowing, everyone gives the real performances and looking so true, Audience needs more movies like this. its a super cool entertaining movie with fun chasing moments and great performances with the solid background score, Direct is just perfect and fit the bill. Go and watch this!
5 When I was five years old I used to come home for lunch and my mom would be watching this television show. I would be sitting at the lunch table and I didn't exactly watch it, but by osmosis it stuck with me. I kept coming home at the same time every day for lunch for years to come. And I became fascinated by The Young and the Restless. When you are subjected to it every day for eight years, you get to know it and grow to have a love hate relationship with the show. Now that I am a grown man, it is almost embarrassing to say that I still watch this show, but it is true and I still have a love hate relationship with the damn thing. And even though I am the only one to comment on it, I know there are many other guys that watch this show as much as I do. How many times have you heard a guy say " I wish I could have sex as much as Victor." For me that was a lot. Most of the guys that I went to high school with were closet Y&R guys. They couldn't get enough of it. I really don't know what it is about the show that has kept me watching it for years, but there is something addictive about it. It would be easy and very macho of me to say that the sole reason is because of the beauties like Trish and Sharon and Grace walking around with their smooth stomachs and their provocative clothing, but that wouldn't be entirely correct. They are great to look at but it is more. And to really get the appeal of this show, look no further than Jack and Victor.Jack and Victor have been going quibbling for as long as I have been watching. Jack and Victor have stolen women from each other ( Nicki, Diane ), they compete for business ( Jabot ) they work at the same office, and they generally hate each other. When Victor says Jack's name he literally spits it out. " The site of you disgusts me Jackabbot! " he was heard saying once. And he has to say his name in one syllable, as if saying it properly is too distasteful. Sure, Paul and Christine, Brad and whoever he is sleeping with, Jill and Kay, Billy and Mac, Michael Baldwin and his sneaky ways, Nick and Victoria, Malcolm and Neil, Olivia, and the rest of the cast is fun in their own right, but it is Jack and Victor that are the fun ones. I just wish that once, just once, Jack could win straight out. Not losing in the end, but actually has one clear cut victory over Mr. Money Bags. That would be refreshing. Y&R is the kind of show that you turn off every once in a while because it takes them six months to resolve an issue that should be done with in a matter of days. And sure time is a big problem in this show. Victor can leave the office and get home in time to see Nicki crying over whatever she is crying about this time, even though she was crying when Brad was in the room only five minutes ago. But Newman Enterprises should be in town and they live in the country. And most characters are annoying at one point or another and no one is faithful, but hey, we can overlook those things because we are addicted. It really is a fun show to watch and if you haven't seen it by now, then just start watching it, you'll pick up on what you need to know in about a week.
5 I took our 12 year old daughter to see this movie and we both loved it. She was not thrilled when I told her we were going to see a film that told a story from the civil rights era but when we left she said she loved it because of the women's courage, their humor and the power of their friendships. We had never seen most of the actors which was refreshing and the acting by the entire cast made it easy to get totally involved. I laughed out loud and shed quite a few tears in The Help, and will remember it and recommend it to my friends. It was wonderful to see so many scenes in which the actors related to each other so perfectly. Even the vilest characters showed moments of conflict within themselves as they played out poor behavior that had long been inbred in them. I am especially grateful to the team who provided a film that told an engaging story about human relationships with important lessons for my daughter. That is a rare occurrence in today's movies.
5 Let me start by saying I have not read the novella of '1922' by Stephen King. I am reviewing this purely as a film. How do I feel about it? I'm middle of the road. I neither loved it nor hated it. I found it a pleasant viewing experience (in terms of quality I am of course talking) yet I doubt that it will hold much memory space for me. It's also not a film I would recommend to people. There are better films out there that need to be seen before this. That's not a slight on the film, it's simply a fact.It certainly feels like a King film. All the usual quirks are there. There have been an abundance of King based works being released lately and they all have that similar feel and atmosphere.Thomas Jane in the lead role was impressive. I've never really thought of him as an actor with a lot of depth, but he certainly proved me wrong in '1922'. The rest of the cast were also up to a high standard.There really isn't a lot to say about '1922'. I suspect it would have worked better as a book, with the insights of the characters minds likely being very interesting. Still, it works fine as a film and it certainly isn't harming any body.
5 I have to say that my main interest in the movie wasn't that of looking for entertainment: I expected it to be more of an insightful media translation of the 16-17th century "Lo cunto de li cunti" (ancient neapolitan for "Tale of tales") that is recognized as the first published attempt in history to provide entertainment for children.So I didn't expect to find anything remotely modern or entertaining in the story itself, but still expected to get to learn something solid about the history of fantasy and the different influences this old book still have in our days.Unfortunately I had better look for a good history book on the topic instead, since the 2 hours of the film have been quite boring and sometimes even painful.Although the photography and the scenic design are quite nice the rest is a failed double attempt: being modern and remain faithful to the story. The first objective could have been perhaps more accomplished by cutting the film at 1 half of its running time while instead we are dragged through long pointless sequences of fake character development and 1600-interesting conversations that yield completely nothing (except maybe - but I'm just guessing here - remaining literally faithful to the least accomplished sequences of the book).I would have liked more a focus on the "tale" common patterns we can still meet and love nowadays and less of an exegesis that tries to not look like one expecting to entertain in some miraculous way with centuries old material.I'm really sorry I spent my money and my time on this: a pity especially since I think that all the people involved worked well. Unfortunately either someone leading the project had apparently no clue about the objectives of the work (or had no clue on how to accomplish them) or he though it was a good idea to create a movie literal transposition of a book no one reads anymore for entertainment and no one - except historians - likely ever will.To close: I don't know how long is the book but if you're interested you probably can read a translation faster than watching this movie and you would get the same idea without missing anything relevant. Furthermore: there is some sex and some violence that - while I am not sure are completely faithful to the book - might be too much for very young children.
5 THIS REVIEW CONTAINS MINORS SPOILERSMy hype about this prequel was high. I loved the idea of follow 4 inmates spreading out the chaos in Texas and making the viewer trying to guess which one of the protagonists would be the famous serial killer. Although Leatherface gave us an ambiguous taste! In a good way we have a movie about 4 lunatics characters trying to escape from the police, but in the bad way we have a movie without the typical vibe of the Texas Chainsaw films.Forget all the things that made you liked the previous movies, I thought was watching a spin- off instead a prequel, Leatherface only turns in a lunatic killer during the last 5 or 10 minutes (and he only dress the skin mask in the last 2 seconds), the Sawyer family development was far way of what we have seen in another films, they weren't so crazy or creepy, they were just a sadistic family. Even the sequences about the inmates spreading the madness could be better, they go to 2 places after escape from the asylum, take a shotgun and then the final act begins, the producers could put them in more scenarios and doing a lot of crazy stuff.Leatherface isn't so bad, has some potential but is very far away of to be a good horror movie as also I can't call it a Texas Chainsaw movie, because even a shotgun has more screen time than the chainsaw, hasn't the typical insane vibe and sometimes looks more a spin-off or a thriller based on the story that we all know.Rating: 4.5/10
5 Four unsavory down-and-outs whiling away their hours in a poverty-stricken South American village accept the fool's errand of transporting two truckloads of nitroglycerin across terrible roads to an oil company accident site. Once some preliminary character development is disposed of and the men are on their way, the movie settles into one hell of a nail-biter, sort of a French, 1950s inversion of "Speed" -- if they go too fast, or make one false move, they go up in flames.The first hour of "The Wages of Fear" is a marvel of production design. Director Clouzot packs his frame with things to look at, and the village, though built specifically for the movie, reeks of authenticity. The mise-en-scene alone is fascinating to watch -- some incidental action going on in the background of one shot (like a hothead smacking his girlfriend) is then picked up as the principal action in the next scene. And the Blu-Ray looks terrific; every mud puddle and heat-dazed fly is clear as a bell.The second half of the film is pure suspense. It's a study in male machismo and one-upsmanship. The oldest member of the group, who struts around like Mr. Big Shot in the town when he has nothing to fear, crumples like a baby when faced with the prospect of death for real. But the movie doesn't let us be disdainful of him. As he says at one point, he's scared because he has enough life experience to know what death is, unlike the young hotshots who think to be frightened is to be weak.Clouzot doesn't seem to have a rosy outlook on life, if the film's fatalistic ending is any indication. Or maybe he's just making the point that life is futile for men who approach it in a certain way."The Wages of Fear" feels way ahead of its time, both in style and substance. I had trouble believing that it was actually made in 1953.Grade: A
5 I love the premise of the movie but it failed to deliver. I expected more interweaving of the stories but that didn't happen. The acting of the main characters was done very well; costumes and scenery were awesome; the stories were good but felt thrown together instead of being more thought out and completed. This movie could've been so much better with more effort.I had more questions than answers after watching the movie: -The heart was shown being boiled, but when eaten it was completely raw all the way around and inside -Why would the king and queen trust what the man in black said? -When the boys were under the water it was a bit cloudy and they were swimming between the men's legs, but the men (who were searching for them) were only in the water up to the knees and couldn't see the boys? -Why was there no back story to the breast-feeding woman and her powers? -Why wouldn't the king make the ogre live in the castle if he were to wed the daughter? -Why was the twin in the woods and how did he end up where he was? -Why no back story of the bat/woman? - What happened to the queen's sister? -How were the performers going to get out of the narrow passageway that seemingly led nowhere when the princess was trying to escape? -The stories didn't interweave; characters only came together at the coronation
5 'INSURGENT' picks up shortly after the events in 'Divergent' with obvious intentions to maintain, if not, speed up the momentum of the franchise. There's no doubt how fascinating the 'Divergent' universe is, and while it shares almost the same elements that made many of the YA franchises today, successful, the movie has its own unique facets to separate itself apart. Unfortunately in Insurgent, those elements aren't effectively explored and utilized.Once again, movie makers fall prey to this mentality or should I say practice, that seems to highlight the film's visual panache, but dismisses the utmost importance of effective storytelling. I think I've gone redundant here, but to be honest, Insurgent is no different, and if you'd allow me to make this honesty, even brutal, this Divergent sequel tracks a deteriorating trajectory, and you can imagine how the franchise is set to get even worse, knowing the last book of the trilogy is going to be split into two movies. This doesn't surprise me at all, given the fact how film makers has been consistently regarding these popular franchises as merely cash cows.In Insurgent, the plot thickens, and not just that, it branches out to several sub ones. That's when the film begins losing its grip around the central story, giving way to subplots that don't make sense at all, if not barely. As she searches for allies, crossing one faction's territony to another's, our titular heroine, Tris, finds herself in a cat-and-mouse chase with the enemy, in this case, Jeanine (Kate Winslet)—a name that Veronically Roth seems to suggest to be perfect for a character she molds as a super-villainess that embodies terror (am I being sarcastic? of course I....am. Lol..)—and her loyal erudite followers. Tris maintains reluctance, but when Jeanine turns toward her loved ones, our heroine succumbs and surrenders herself to the enemy. (this is so new).INSURGENT draws in more actors on its payroll to play new characters, but barely utilizes them up to their full capacity. In the end, it's Shailene Woodley that mostly does her job as the central character. On the film's key moments, she undoubtedly shines, only her efforts aren't enough to place the movie's charm to the same level as hers. No thanks to the chemistry the film seems to suggest Four and Tris have, because I don't think I felt it—it was missing. The action sequences are well played, I must say, and the visual effects borders extravagance, but against a weak and unfocused narrative, INSURGENT is a film you better just wait to come out on DVD, instead, and not one to waste time and money on. (not unless you're planning to critique it the same I do)
5 There are times when all I want to do is to sit in a darkened movie theater, turn off my brain, and let a movie with a silly, over-the-top premise wash all over me. THE FAST AND THE FURIOUS films are an example of an "A" in this category. Last year's GEOSTORM was a "B" (it was so over-the-top that it was fun, especially when the meteorologist declared - as if he was reciting Shakespeare - "Oh my God, it's a GEOSTORM!"). Unfortunately, a "C" example of this is THE HURRICANE HEIST.Directed by Rob Cohen - who brought us the original FAST AND FURIOUS film lo' those many years ago - THE HURRICANE HEIST tells the tale of a HEIST set during a...anyone?...HURRICANE. That's pretty much all you need to know of the plot. The rest is action, escapes, weather gone bad, bad guys being bad guys and good guys being good guys.The good guys are Toby Kebbel (so good as the motion capture bad-guy ape in DAWN OF THE PLANET OF THE APES), perennial "B"-movie actress Maggie Grace (TAKEN, LOST and the immortal HOT GIRL, FAST CAR, EATING A BANANA) and Ryan Kwanten (I guess he was in TRUE BLOOD). What do these good guys have in common? They are not hard to look at on the screen. The two men also have really bad Southern accents.The bad guys are led by Ralph Ineson ( a perennial "that guy" in such films as STAR WARS: THE LAST JEDI, GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY and KINGSMAN: THE SECRET SERVICE) and a host of "red shirts". The problem is that Ineson plays his bad guy role as a "that guy" and the "red shirts" have no personality at all. One guy tries to be the "loose cannon" but he doesn't go far enough, nor does Ineson or ANY of the bad guys.Oh...did I mention Ben Cross (Sarek in the new STAR TREK films)? Cross leaped off the screen in the Oscar winning film CHARIOTS OF FIRE way back in 1981 and was going to be "the next big thing". How has that worked out for him? I'm sure he's making a nice living, but...But...you don't come to this kind of films for the acting. You come to it for the insane premise, the over-the-top acting, the out-of-this-world stunts and special effects. Unfortunately, THE HURRICANE HEIST plays each one of these "safely". The premise is insane, just not insane enough. The acting is melodramatic - just not over-the-top. The script doesn't really have any "oh-my-gosh, did he just say that" lines and the action, stunts and special effects are pretty good, (maybe even good), but not great.A pretty mediocre time at the movies. It did serve it's purpose, I turned my brain off for two hours. I just wish it didn't power down as well.Letter Grade: C (thanks for trying)5 (out of 10) stars and you can take that to the Bank(ofMarquis)
5 Well, when the show started I noticed right away the colors were so vivid they were not realistic. NO PLACE on earth has colors of skies, grass & water so vivid and dark! It's FAKE looking! I first thought our TV color levels needed adjusting, it was so obvious, but when the commercial came on, it was normal again. Then I noticed every week, that every show pushed the button on MORE color. I learned to overlook it to watch the show though, for a few years.BUT, when Ryan Wolf (Jonathan Togo)got more lines, it became nauseating. He is so conceited and overbearing. He is WORSE than Caruso (or is he trying to emulate him?) It's SO obvious he thinks he's HOT STUFF! My ONLY SPOILER is this, but it's common knowledge: It really made me angry when Jonathan (Ryan Wolf)was arrested for BEATING HIS girlfriend in 2009, IN REAL LIFE, but released after paying $50,000.00 bail! Yet he was STILL allowed to be on CSI Miami! Uh, excuse me, is "HE" above the law, and gets away with beating up a woman because he's a hot shot movie star? It's not right, or fair to his female victim! He should have done some REAL jail time, then removed from the show! There's NO JUSTICE even on CSI Miami, with their own STARS! He used to be the "only" irritation I had with the show, but now they all suck! (Except ONE: Walter Simmons/Omar Bensen Miller; he IS enjoyable and seems to be the only believable human on the show! Kudo's to Omar!)I agree with another reviewer; Miss Calliegh does NOT look believable or professional when wearing a lab coat, (ha! Joke!) with her pumped up, pushed up boobs, low cut tops, long hair all over the place, tight clothing, and tons of makeup, lipstick always perfect, as all the other women trying to pass themselves off as POLICE or CSI specialists! GIVE ME A BREAK! I know it wouldn't garner as many viewers (....especially "males") if the shows lab rats and squints looked like serious lab professionals, looking more like scientists than hookers! I think it's a bad representation of our professional, scientific specialists that have BRAINS and good looks too. (You don't go to work looking like a hooker to PROVE you're a woman, puh-leeeze! Only in Hollywood!) I doubt women lab professionals wear spike heals, push up bras, and tons of makeup to the labs each day. But, who would watch this unbelievable show if sex wasn't pushed, over and over, and over? (it's all about Ratings, sponsors and viewers!)I also agree with many other reviewers saying there is NO teamwork noticeable on this show; they're all vying to outdo each other, waiting to deliver their unbelievable lines! The other CSI's work as a team and care for each other, why can't Miami? The other CSI's have better plots and stories too. What's with Miami; the writers out of ideas? Sure seams that way, the scripts are contrived and uninteresting, and D.O.A! Bury it, it stinks!So "We're" DONE with the Miami version; we just watched "Friendly Fire" and it was the final "BURN" for us! My husband and I kept looking at each other, commenting on dumb lines, bad acting, "over"-acting, and just unbelievable acting, or not acting enough! Weak story lines, same old stuff, it's time to end this pain and suffering and put it out of it's MISERY! An autopsy needs to be done on CSI Miami, to see what caused it's death! The clues are bad writing, directing, and over-bearing acting! Farewell CSI Miami, we're gone......You're dead to us.......
5 Is this movie terrible? Absolutely notIs this movie great? Absolutely not.I always heard from people that they either HATED or LOVED this movie. And for me it was neither.The audience for this film is served with a classic action movie/comic book. "The world is in danger! There must be a solution! Although there are bumps between the characters along the way, eventually, we'll solve the problem"The interesting twist is *supposed* to be that instead of classic superheroes, we have bad guys. To that I say "so what?". The movie didn't really establish why I should care about much of what was going on on screen—it was all just classic popcorn movie action and sequences that were occasionally broken up by half-attempts at character development.
5 Here comes the sequel to 2001's cult comedy bringing loads of more of the same. This is probably not a bad thing, considering "Super Troopers 2" was crowd-funded at IndieGoGo - so there must have been a considerable number of fans asking for extra helping.When a border dispute arises between the U.S. and Canada, the Super Troopers are tasked with establishing a Highway Patrol station in the disputed area. Writing and starring Broken Lizard comedy gang (of course), plus some other faces you'll be happy to see again, such as Brian Cox."Super Troopers 2" offers an eclectic menu of different kinds of humor, including stoner, raunchy, and obscure jokes, not to mention a distinct montypythonian vibe. So there's seemingly something for anybody with a taste for mainstream comedy.The greatest thing about the movie is this unique vibe the gang has. Everyone has dived so eagerly into their character, embracing the "going everywhere and trying everything" kind of attitude, and the obscurity of it all...At its best, it's so freeflowing and unpredictable - even able to go from "meh" to inspired lunacy during the same setpiece - that one can't help but be charmed a little.There may be no one essential scene that would stick into mind like the original's "meow game". But the result is still markedly funnier and more watchable than many other recent cult comedy sequels we did not exactly need, including "Zoolander 2", "Anchorman 2", "Bad Santa 2" and "Dumb and Dumber 2".What is bad, however, is the movie not having much of a screenplay.Just dicking around is fine for a while, sure, but there will come a saturation point when all this constant mouthing off gets stale without a proper story or interesting characters.Not to mention Broken Lizard's eager and tireless rehashing of the same jokes over and over again (cocky Canadians, stupid Americans, reckless cops)."Super Troopers 2" may have enough fun moments to be worth of comedy lover's while. But even a mighty bridge can't stand without some proper base pillars.
5 "Superman Returns" is a competent movie, generally very well produced, directed and cast. But it didn't quite gel for me. I thought it dragged at points, as Superman got bogged down with pining over Lois Lane instead of saving the day. Alas, I thought the dialogue just wasn't sharp enough to sustain these heavy-handed emotional scenes; what sort of catchphrase is "I'm always around," anyway? Here's what I did enjoy. The flight scenes were beautiful; Superman cut a very majestic figure as he soared across skylines and starscapes. The set design was great, too, creating a modern feel with hints of the Art Deco style I associate with Superman. And I appreciated the performances of Spacey, Bosworth and Langella. Routh had a curiously small role, especially as Clark Kent, so I had trouble judging whether he was wooden or actually good at playing a modest hero.Here's what I enjoyed less. Luthor's plan simply didn't interest me. I found the whole notion of growing a giant crystal island very surreal and not too threatening. Also, he poses a fairly boring threat to Superman. If Luthor's got Kryponite, Superman is helpless; if he hasn't got Kryponite, he's helpless. These two legendary antagonists can never really meet on equal terms. Thus, most confrontations between them must inevitably be one-sided. (Read: boring.) I also had a mixed reaction to the CGI effects. Some were wonderful, and others looked artificial despite being very detailed. The soundtrack was great, of course, with the classic John Williams theme wisely reused - though maybe they trotted it out once too often? The conflict involving Lois Lane's family life was pretty good, though I felt that the revelations about her son, which I'll avoid spoiling here, undermined much of the potential tension and drama in the story. I'm very glad, though, that Lois' boyfriend was depicted as a smart, handsome and capable guy instead of some dumb and unworthy "straw man" rival to Superman.I noticed that Roger Ebert's two-star review of "Superman Returns" is already taking a lot of criticism on this site. Though I think he was perhaps a tad too harsh, I have to say that I agree with many of his criticisms. His headline for the review, "Atlas Yawned," provoked a sympathetic laugh from me. I guess I can only hope for a sequel with more action, more oomph, more...Super-heroism?
5 Yeah, the concept is good. The murderer wasn't who I had thought. At the end, I was so surprised that that little girl was the murderer. But the worst thing of this film is that so drama. I mean you can direct a drama to be not that much boring. To be honest, this film is totally boring. I wanted to stop watching in the middle. Fortunately, for the director or anyone concerning, I continued with great effort. My eyes were closing while watching. I wanted to sleep, but I didn't. That's a relief for you guys. I only kept watching to find out who the murder is. Otherwise, I must have stopped watching.
5 Really enjoyed the first couple of episodes but I probably ruined the last few by randomly shouting at the TV 'Just do a DNA test'! It really did spoil it for me and it was so obvious and the writer should have seen that! The mother was clearly grieving for her missing child. This is Wales not 1855. SOMEBODY could have put her (and Matilda/Carys) out of their misery by doing a quick test. Bonkers! This show had so much promise but really was spoiled by that one flaw.
5 well i really wanted to like this movie, and i was ready for a treat. but unfortunately, it never came. movie starts promising, base for the story is laid down wide, and it looks like it will grow into a masterpiece. but it doesn't. phillipe noiret deserves recommendations for his role of alfredo and young salvatore cascio is nothing short of a brilliant in his role of salvatore as a child. other than that, everything is mediocre at best. story, while full of potential, is presented in an utterly corny and clichéd manner, acting is (besides those two honorable exceptions) amateurish and overplayed, and plot is (as expected) non-existent. filmed 4 years after "once upon a time in America", this flick at the moments resonates the great masterpiece, and i kinda expected old salvatore to look through projection booth while recalling his childhood :)while i can always swallow eternal-love type of story, this one is too shallow, too unfocused and watered. i haven't missed any of the movies messages, they are just too obvious and pathetic, and could appeal to me only if i was 18 again. for a 1988 movie that pretend to be something more, i find that inexcusable. there a tons of beautiful films, much older than this, dealing with same subjects in much more profound and original manner. this one settles with portraying love for art with endless clips of old movies, and shots of people watching them. for most passionate lovers of cinema and celluloid magic this might be a great movie as they can find their favorites in every clip featured. i personally don't like cinema as a whole nor it's "magic" nor do i respect every "classic". what i do like are good stories told in a good way, whether spoken, written or made into movies. and i don't like the way this one is told so i would probably give it 2 stars if there wasn't for legendary morricone that can singlehandedly elevate experience of every movie with the simplest of his tunes. watch and forget.
5 Greetings again from the darkness. Allowing three regular guys to play themselves in the cinematic re-telling of their courageous and heroic actions is a fitting tribute to the men, and it's an approach that we must be willing to cut some slack. On August 21, 2015, a terrorist aboard the Thalys train bound for Paris was thwarted in his attempt to carry out his mission of evil. Spencer Stone, Alek Skarlatos, and Anthony Sadler ultimately subdued the terrorist (who won't be named here), likely saving many lives.The real world heroics fall right in line with director Clint Eastwood's two most recent films, SULLY and AMERICAN SNIPER. Unfortunately, while we admire his decision to allow these heroes to re-enact their life-saving bravery, we can't let slide the downright boring first two-thirds of the film taking us through the origin story of their childhood (Sacramento 2005) to the backpacking trip that put them on that train. Some of the scenes are inexplicable. For instance, Judy Greer and Jenna Fischer play the mothers of Spencer and Alek respectively, and their confrontation with the boys' elementary school teacher is a candidate for the worst and most embarrassing scene of the year. Based on the book "The 15:17 to Paris: The True Story of a Terrorist, a Train, and Three American Heroes" (written by the three men and journalist Jeffrey E Stern), the script is adapted by Dorothy Blyskal, and when combined with some of the director's choices, generates some unintended audience laughter ... rarely a good thing. Watching three regular guys - three lifelong buddies - retrace their steps through Germany, Rome, Venice, and Amsterdam is almost tolerable because these are really nice guys. However, we can't get over the feeling that we are watching home movies of our friends' trip - a trip we weren't even on. Jokes about selfie sticks and hangovers don't make it any easier.When the film finally gets to the moment of truth on the train, we end up where we should have started ... admiring the heroics of three regular guys: Spencer Stone, Alek Skarlatos, and Anthony Sadler. We witness then French President Francois Hollande awarding them with the Legion of Honour. Themes of God, military and friendship are commonplace in Eastwood films, and eagle-eyed viewers will catch a glimpse of Alek wearing a "man with no name" t-shirt (in honor of the director). Bottom line, it plays like a film about nothing - until the end when it's really about something special.
5 Sometimes I think movies are losing their magic. Over the years I have learned so much about the movie making process -- about how stunts and special effects are done -- that movies just don't amaze me quite as much any more. It takes a movie made with remarkable skill to make me forget the process that goes on behind the scenes to make the movie magic believable.To a great degree I suppose that is also true of magic as a performing art. The levitation trick or the sawing-a-woman-in-half bit may be eye-popping to one as a child, but eventually the magic of magic comes from learning the secret of the trick. The irony, of course, is that learning the secret usually destroys the magic. Knowledge is the natural enemy of illusion and magic (cinematic or sleight of hand) can only dazzle if it is so skillfully performed that the technique outweighs the mechanics. In short, achieving the "Wow!" before facing the question of "How?" THE PRESTIGE understands this, and yet it doesn't. It is, for most of the way, a flamboyant display of magician's showmanship, yet it builds up to a revelation of "How?" which comes off as something of a cheat. When the film gets around to revealing the secrets of its tricks, the reality seems far less credible than the illusion of supernatural power. The fake reality of illusion is explained with an even faker illusion of reality.The film deals with two turn-of-the-century London magicians whose rivalry as competing showmen is fueled by ever-escalating acts of revenge. They strive to not just top each other as performing artists, but to sabotage each other as hated enemies. Hugh Jackman and Christian Bale play the competing wizards (Robert "The Great Danton" Angier and Alfred "The Professor" Borden), who form an emotional juggling act, constantly tossing back and forth the roles of villain and victim. Like a magical coin, sympathy for either man disappears and reappears at unexpected intervals. Likewise, director Christopher Nolan keeps all of his balls in the air, telling the story with flashbacks within flashbacks in a way that is not nearly as confusing as it could have been. All in all, a very intriguing concept for a movie.Unfortunately, the filmmakers become would-be escape artists and place their film and the two protagonist into traps from which they can't seem to logically escape. Both magicians focus their attention on "The Transported Man" trick, which would appear to require the trickster to be in two places at once. But after promising not one, but two elaborate answers to how they did it, the film builds to a pair of shaggy dog endings, neither of which play fair with the audience. Alfred's secret seems so obvious in retrospect that viewers should have complete permission to slap themselves on their collective forehead for not seeing it coming a mile away. But the film cheats; revealing the secret early on by denying it as a possibility.On the other hand, Angier's secret takes a totally unconvincing sci-fi twist that not only doesn't play fair with the concept of magic as the art of illusion, but also defies the basic laws of physics. The story doesn't just cheat, it tries to change the trick in the middle of the performance. You don't leave the film feeling amazed; you leave feeling vaguely insulted, like the master illusionist has played you for a chump.Though lacking in humor (a vital distraction in creating illusion), THE PRESTIGE is a grandly played stunt, full of craftsmanship, showmanship and style. But it is like watching a magician who promises to produce a tiger out of thin air, but can only conjure up a kitten. The result isn't either "Wow!" or "How?" but "Huh?"
5 Hollywood remakes of Asian films are always an iffy proposition. How will the nuances and culturally-specific references translate across oceans and continents? Generally, however good the remakes, they rarely – if ever – eclipse the original films. In recent memory, perhaps only Martin Scorsese's The Departed, based on Infernal Affairs, has managed to find a life of its own. Other remakes, like The Lake House and Shall We Dance?, have sunk into ignominy. Spike Lee's Oldboy isn't completely terrible, but it does lose quite a bit of the dark, bruising, ambivalent flavour of Park Chan-Wook's 2003 Korean classic.Josh Brolin takes centre stage in Lee's version. He sinks credibly into the abrasive, drunken skin of Joe Doucett, a slimy guy whose wife and daughter Mia have left him. Nevertheless, Joe continues to merrily offend everyone around him, until he is abruptly kidnapped and trapped in a hotel room for twenty years. During his arduous time spent in solitary confinement, Joe ponders the mystery of his captor. When he finally gets free, he resolves to seek revenge and re-connect with Mia – a mission that becomes increasingly fraught with complications as horrifying secrets from his past are unearthed.On its own merits, Oldboy – the title as obtuse as ever – is passably gripping. It entertains and horrifies in equal measure, packing in a great deal of bone-crunching violence and torture that runs the gamut from physical to psychological and everything in between. The relationship that develops between Joe and charity worker Marie (Elizabeth Olsen) is well-acted, if a little forced. Lee even cooks up a pretty disturbing face-off between Joe and Chaney (Samuel L. Jackson), the guy in charge of locking up people for his clients – no questions asked.What works rather less well is the deliberate dilution of the twist in Oldboy's tale, presumably because American audiences can only handle so much moral and emotional ambiguity. Where Park's version sees the revenge mission warped with a horrifyingly emotional dilemma, Lee's film shies away from the conundrum. As a result, the film becomes far less subtle and considerably more melodramatic. There's a flashback sequence towards the end of the film that's ridiculous enough to make audiences laugh rather than gasp, even as blood splatters across walls and families are torn apart.The cast assembled is impressive, even though they're not really given a lot to work with in the frequently stilted, over-blown script. Brolin anchors the film with admirably stony determination, but his Joe never seems to really feel the weight of his twenty years without human contact. Olsen, too, stumbles around a bit, as if never quite sure how to play her part, and Sharlto Copley comes close to overplaying his hand when he emerges from the shadows to drop a few hints about the reasons behind Joe's ordeal.There's enough on display in Oldboy for the film to jog by at a fairly quick clip. Lee pays tribute along the way to a few iconic elements of the Korean film – an octopus in a tank, a prolonged battle in a corridor – and the cast tries its hardest to make it all work. But it's hard to shake the feeling that something a little deeper, richer, sadder and weirder was lost in translating the film into a vernacular more pleasing to Hollywood audiences.
5 I love TV show Broad City and was looking forward to this because two of the creatives behind that show paired up to give us Rough Night. The generic title (a switch from Move that Body which was much more suitable) should have warned me. Rough Night is forgettable and not really that funny. The movie starts out in 2006 where a group of 4 friends get drunk at Halloween, win a beer pong competition and vow to stay friends forever. Fast forward 10 years and the group is reuniting for Jess's (Scarlett Johansson, bland, bland, bland, comedy is NOT her forte) bachelorette weekend at a fancy house in Miami. They party, snort coke, are joined with Jess's Australian friend Pippa (Kate McKinnon in a role that MUST have been written for Rebel Wilson. Surely?). Her friends decide to get Jess a stripper and here is when things go wrong: high on coke they accidentally end up killing the stripper and things quickly spiral out of control as they first try to do the responsible thing of calling the police and then move on to hiding the body. There was minor protests before the film being released about the movie making a punchline of killing sex workers but the film could have overcome this and he gruesome premise if not for a few things. First of all the women lack friendship chemistry. I don't believe any of these women were ever friends even if a big part of it is that they are supposed to have drifted apart. Second the casting is all awful. Scarlett is not a comedy actress and neither is Zoe Kravitz and it shows. Without being backed up by her hilariously crafted Broad City alter ego Ilana Glazer comes across as simply annoying. Kate McKinnon and Jillian Bell are probably the best with their characters but neither one is given much to do. McKinnon just leans hard into her accent and Bell is saddled with a "loser desperate friend who can't take a hint". The third thing is that the movie never quite finds it's tone. It struggles between "woke" dialogue for characters who are actually just mean and instead of simply leaning into the fact that these women are awful and allowing them to get even more absurdly awful it's way too protective of the characters and keeps trying to redeem them by making them "nice" people. It's both incredibly boring and keeps the movie from really flying. Still, Rough Night isn't a total write off. There are enough funny lines and a subplot (involving Jess's fiancé who the movie allows to get into REALLY ridiculous shenanigans) to be watchable. Just wish that the script would have let the ladies turn loose too.
5 It was 5 stars .It was in no way "good".But it wasn't nearby as bad as reviews led me to believe.I smirked through most of it and chuckled a few times with one belly laugh.I think Ferrell and Poehler worked OK together.Worth a watch.
5 After watching the movie in the theater I could not decide, if it was good or bad, maybe it was both. On the good side there was good acting, excellent costumes and very beautiful imagery/camera work. On the downside, the movie lacked the most important ingredient, the point that mainly separates a very good film from a mediocre film: good storytelling with the ability to balance between fantasy and a sense of reality with the right amount of dosage. This movie failed at that, in my opinion.Three stories of three kingdoms are told in this film and the problem starts with the introduction of the second story. The beginning of "Tale of Tales" is very exciting and has a flow on its own. The scene with the white dragon is excellent and has iconic qualities. In my humble opinion, the first story (the albino twins) should have been the whole movie. The other two stories pale in comparison and are full of standard fairy tale motives and clichés.Basically, all characters in the movie are immoral, cruel to a certain extent and have a lust for power. The ones who try to be good are auto-aggressive or plainly insane, like the woman who gets skinned, because she wants to be young again.This movie is not a fairy tale, "Legend" by Ridley Scott is a fairy tale for example. Garrones movie is more of a panopticon of insanity, inhumanity, psychosis, neglecting, obsession and greed for power over others. So make yourself comfortable in your cinema chair and have a nice viewing. The flick is not very sensible either and portraits some disgusting viewpoints like: if a woman looks ugly, chances are good that she gets thrown out of the window by a selfish and narcissistic man (in this case the sex-maniac king, played by Vincent Cassel). Or: if your husband is an ugly monster, an effective way to get rid of him is by pretending that you love him and slitting his throat after he gained your trust again (the raped princess with daddy-issues story). In the middle of the movie I thought: I would send all of them into therapy.So if you are longing for a true dreamy fairy tale, i would suggest that you look elsewhere.
5 I went into this movie with hope and optimism and not put off by the negative light shone towards it. An hour and 40 minutes later, I left feeling empty and unsatisfied. Comic book films are supposed to make you feel inspired, but not this one. So what is wrong with it? One word – chemistry. In any superhero team/ensemble there should be great character interactions and a feeling that these guys can effectively make a team, never mind a ''fantastic'' team. The best team movies all have characters playing off each other as in the Avengers and X-Men.  However, there is zero chemistry between any of the F4. We see an attempt at some early romance between Reed and Sue which doesn't go anywhere. Johnny Storm is billed as a genius but troubled kid however we never see why he has a high IQ, he is just shifted in to make up the numbers. We never see him form any sustainable bond with any of the others. Ben Grimm also appears as an outsider, brought in with little sense to the project to fill the final slot. The chemistry between the original F4 (2005) was MUCH better whereas here they feel like 4 individuals.  The climatic battle takes place in the most boring environment that you can imagine. It is over within 10 minutes, with not much ingenuity to overcome a half decent attempt at Dr Doom, who at first seems very intimidating. This film will be quickly forgotten and the question isn't whether a sequel will be made or whether it will cross over with X-Men, but is the original Fantastic 4 film a better watch than this depressing, dull comic book movie. Final score 5.5/10
5 Such a completely alien world, I was shocked and intrigued and disgusted and weirded out and engaged all at the same time. Very odd, but really great quality for the era (89).I couldn't bring myself to even make a cup of tea for fear of missing something, so I guess it kept me on edge and really interested the whole time. Opening sequences grabbed me, made me instantly curious, and Aidan Quinn's name, well, that had me anyway.Recommend that people watch this, especially if they appreciate slightly odd, artistic films.. as this is, but on a large scale.Weird. Loved it.
5 We had The Breakfast Club, Sixteen Candles, St Elmo's Fire, The Goonies to name but a few. Defining moments in movies, defining teenage angst, growing pains and young love and loves lost. Films that stand up today, not just for nostalgia's sake but because of solid acting, amazing characters and good stories.I despair for the drivel that our millennial's have to endure today in the name of cinema. If you've grown up on good films through the years then you want to avoid The Fifth Wave. Encourage your young-lings to watch something else.Chloe maybe a good actress, but she couldn't drag the film from the mire of this cliché driven plot line with shallow characters and an awfully banal story of an alien plot to take over the Earth in as seemingly clueless manner as possible.
5 In the mid-1990s, Jordan Belfort (Leonardo DiCaprio) and the rest of his associates from brokerage firm Stratton Oakmont became the very definition of excess and debauchery, their offices a boiler room fueled by cocaine and greed. High pressure sales tactic and less-than-legal behind-the-scenes manipulation bred plenty of twenty-something millionaires, and Belfort built himself an empire at the top of the heap. His rise and fall is chronicled in The Wolf of Wall Street, based on the memoir of the same name.Under most circumstances, the actions of Belfort and his cronies (including Jonah Hill in a howlingly funny turn as Belfort's business partner) would be viewed as disgustingly abhorrent, but Martin Scorsese frames this tale of greed with a comedic lens that allows us to laugh at things we probably shouldn't find humorous. Whether it's a clumsy attempt at fisticuffs between two characters overdosing on Quaaludes, or the categorization of prostitutes using stock market terminology ("blue chip" hookers make you wear a condom and typically accept credit cards), the film is outrageous from start to finish, and rarely falters in its quest to entertain the audience for three hours.Belfort manages to delude himself and his pals into thinking they can live like this forever, but the audience knows better, and Belfort's eventual comeuppance is hardly surprising. But the path is paved with hilarity, especially in a scene aboard the mogul's luxury yacht, where he surreptitiously offers a pair of FBI agents everything from booze to girls to cold hard cash in exchange for their silence. And let's not forget his punishment for drunkenly piloting a helicopter into the backyard of his estate at 3am, raising the ire of his trophy wife (Margot Robbie).Scorsese has always managed to elicit astounding performances from his actors, and his fifth collaboration with Leonardo DiCaprio results in one of the most charismatic, despicable, offensive and captivating characters to ever appear on screen. As financial bad boy Belfort, DiCaprio swaggers from scene to scene ingesting eye-popping amounts of narcotics, groping and fondling nearly every female within reach, and spouting more profanity in three hours than an entire season of The Sopranos. Belfort is the kind of person that any sane person would detest in real life, but thanks to Scorses and DiCaprio, we can't take our eyes off him.-- Brent Hankins, www.nerdrep.com
5 A sequel to a movie about giant robots fighting giant monsters. What was expected? Bigger robots fighting bigger monsters. The same thing with little tweaks - as most sequels do. What we got?A product. A film generated by an AI. I wasn't there, but I assume it went something like this. The first meeting of the creators of this movie follows.Ok, Google, what do modern kids like?1. Robots (Transformers)2. Scary cool monsters3. Robots fighting monsters4. Robots fighting robots5. Memes from 2009 (Trololo sing) really? + memes from 2017 (the salt). 6. Horribly executed kid rebel subplots (Divergent, The Maze Runner, The Hunger games whatever)7. Action8. Forced drama?9. Bad jokes?Ok, let's take The Independence Day Resurgence's basic plot and fail miserably at everything. Done.In other words, there is nothing in this movie besides action scenes. The plot lives on its own, there are no characters, and even their substitutes are completely disconnected from the dead plot. Nothing they do matter, it just follows typical cliches until the end. It even gets confusing at some point, but then you see the light at the end of the tunnel. It rushes the ending knowing that by this point nobody cares.All the dialogue is cringe-worthy. Most of the actors are just having fun knowing that there's no need to get invested into anything here. Sadly, Scott Eastwood's face is stuck in one emotion and is unable to display anything else.CGI crews did a good job, I guess. Looks fine. There's even one creative action scene involving buildings. Other than that the action is generic, even IMAX can't make it feel better. Maybe it would've been more impressive but the overabundance of CGI city destruction in modern blockbusters seriously lowers the threshold for getting impressed by CGI.I'd compare this to a long video game cut-scene, but modern games have more character development and creative visuals in their cut-scenes. For instance, pretty much all Blizzard cut-scenes are visual masterpieces. Final verdict: not entertaining on the big screen and a total waste of time for home viewing.
5 "Saving the World Takes a Little Hart and a Big Johnson". I doubt I have ever passed a film poster before and dissolved into paroxysms of mirth, so this film at least wins one award with me. The story is pretty inconsequential, and used as a framework to build set pieces around. Kevin Hart ("Ride Along") plays Calvin Joyner – the life and soul of his high school and the guy voted 'Most likely to succeed'. He's also a nice guy, sensitively covering the modesty of overweight loser Robbie Wheirdicht (a good Dwayne Johnson lookalike actually played by internet wedding-dance sensation Sione Kelepi) after he's been ridiculed by bullies in front of the whole school.But sometimes life doesn't go to plan and twenty year's later Calvin may have married his high school sweetheart Maggie (Danielle Nicolet) but has ended up in a low-level forensic accountancy job and not where he wants to be. Robbie on the other hand has transformed his life and physique to become Bob Stone (Dwayne Johnson), a man with a 'certain set of skills' and, as it turns out, a rogue CIA operative. Bob is on the trail of financial codes to help identify the location of the traitorous 'Black Badger' who killed his long-term partner Stanton (Aaron Paul). But the Black Badger could be anyone, and the CIA lead (Amy Ryan) suspects it might actually be Stone. With the stakes rising the inept Joyner needs to make a decision on who to trust and who to fear.The comedy lead Kevin Hart previously impressed with "Get Hard" and raises a few laughs in this one, notably with his attempt at his signature flip twenty years later than he should have attempted it! Johnson's character is written to be just plain weird and with Johnson's limited acting range (think Arnie in "Jingle All The Way") it's a performance that is on the outlandish side of bizarre. Together the duo make for a likable pair but this is a very lightweight comedy and is generally a smile-along rather than a laugh-along. It is also uneven in tone, occasionally straying into highly un-comedic territory: a throat- ripping out scene anyone? The director is Rawson Marshall Thurber who previously directed the better comedy "Dodgeball" and the far worse "We're the Millers". So that should set your expectations.A fairly ho-hum comedy which might entertain you on a long plane flight but is not worth forking out much cash to rent.(Please visit http://bob-the-movie-man.com for the graphical version of this review. Thanks.)
5 After languishing in the disappointment that was Brett Ratner's X3, I made it a point to walk into Superman Returns with low expectations. They should have been lower. It isn't that the film is outright terrible (though it has many glaring flaws); rather, I had unknowingly outgrown the Superman myth. And considering that Bryan Singer offers nothing original to the new installment, I think America will find its timeless icon a little dated.First, there is the castingthe most important part of any film attempting to match an original that has become so iconic, its actors have replaced the comic book characters in America's collective conscience. Newcomer Brandon Routh most definitely looks the part (besides being too young), but has half the screen presence of Christopher Reeve. Although Superman isn't known for his emotional instability, it seems that Singer played it safe by limiting Routh's range to avoid having the new Superman give a poor performance. Instead, we are left with almost no performance.Kate Bosworth is equally as bland as Lois Lane (and again, too young for the role). And with her lifeless brown hair that left me aching for her typical screen blond, she isn't even much to look at. Kevin Spacey's performance as Lex Luther also left something to be desiredthough I'm not sure exactly what. He's hardly the lovable Lex that Gene Hackman played. The rest of the cast was decent, with the exception of Frank Langella. His dull portrayal of Perry White made me wish they had grabbed J. K. Simmons straight out of Spiderman to talk about his barber.Though suspension of disbelief is required for nearly every comic book film, the plot of Returns is so illogically strung together I had trouble letting go. At first my mind started asking questions that shouldn't be asked of Superman. What did Superman eat while he flew around the universe looking for Krypton? Does Superman need to eat? How does he breathe in space (which, to be fair, is a question that applies to the original films as well)? Once Lex Luther's plan emerged, however, I moved past the (unfair) premise questions and asked some legitimate questions. Without spoiling the plot, I'll just say that there are ways for Lex to hatch his plan for world domination without killing billions people. I didn't buy into the "necessary sacrifice."On the upside, Singer's direction is glossy and competent. The score works well thanks to a liberal sprinkling of John Williams' original theme song, the special effects are, of course, impressive, and the action sequences especially stand out. Overriding the tension generated by well-staged and edited action, however, is a lack of any real sense of peril. And surprisingly, the pace is rather slow throughoutwhich is only made tolerable by some scattered comic relief.Singer takes an unexpected turn toward the end of the film when he emphasizes the parallels between Superman and Jesus to the point where the audience wonders if Returns is simply another allegory in the vein of The Chronicles of Narnia. While the comparison is interesting, one can only wonder how far it can be stretched considering the Superman in this rehash stands for truth, justice, and irresponsible romances (reflecting the plot's only surprise).The bottom line for any resurrection of a classic film or series is there better be a damn good reason. In the case of Batman Begins, Christopher Nolan ripped the decaying body of Batman from the grave, and gave him the breath of life. Batman became complex, raw, and 100% real. Although Superman is an entirely different beastone who is too busy saving people to reflect on his lack of flawstoday's audiences expect their superheroes to be tad more human. Unfortunately for Returns, in an overexerted effort to pay tribute to Richard Donner, a super-cautious Singer reanimates Superman like a puppeteer; but fails to give him life.5.5/10
5 Yeah. I came out of the film disappointed. Not feeling like I had a good time.Don't get me wrong, it was a good movie. But there are things that brought it down and too many of them for it to be forgivable.1) Dumbledore's brother and sister. You know what I mean. Referred to and never followed upon.2) The kiss. Didn't happen in the Chamber of Secrets. In fact, did the Chamber scene happen at all? In the book, it happens after Ron expresses concern for the welfare of the elves (in light of Dobby's heroic death) in the outbreak of a fire at Hogwarts. Here, it is given to you as a variation of the "We're alive! Let's kiss!" movie cliché'.3) Fred's death should have been on screen. Period.4) The Avada Kedavra curse didn't make bodies disintergrate. Until Voldemort (and perhaps Bellatrix, too?). What? 5) The roles of Matthew Lewis and Evanna Lynch (Neville and Luna respectively) were enough to warrant their names as part of the supporting cast. To only see their names in the full cast is scandalous to say the least.(And, yes, I am aware two-time Oscar winner Emma Thompson gets the same treatment. I know she makes two small appearances, but again, she has two bloody Oscars! Either she is very humble or she needs a better agent.) 6) They really should have stuck with the CGI aging. Except for maybe Ginny and Draco, none of them looked like they were 36.
5 I will keep my summation brief as you will have either seen it already or read the synopsis. What lies beneath this entire film, is the question of memory. How accurate is it? How reliable is any single person's account, of anything! What is truth? It's reflected in the philosophical teachings and comes into play within the context of a mystery thriller. In addition, what is guilt really? If a large number of people say something is so, does that make it real? Does having a personal philosophy have to match up with one's own actions?The film raises these and other fascinating questions. I would hope that one would walk away wanting to explore philosophy in more depth. However, for the average popcorn going movie goer wanting their 'thriller' spoon fed to them, they will of course be disappointed. Those seeking a little more substance will find this satisfying, playing out, exactly as it should.
5 Let's be honest here...Rough Night is probably the most unoriginal idea to hit theaters this summer. It has the storyline of Peter Berg's 1998 film Very Bad Things with a Weekend at Bernie's twist. Starring Scarlett Johansson, Kate McKinnon and Zoe Kravitz, the film's star power seems to have no shortage but the film's screenplay doesn't know what it wants to be. There are far too few thrills to classify it a thriller and, as far comedy is concerned, it is severely lacking. So we're given this cookie-cutter film that does its job (more or less). The film opens Hangover style, it introduces us to the gang of girls as they make their way to the bachelorette weekend to end all bachelorette weekends. Scarlett Johasson plays the bride to be while her bridesmaids are either overly sexual or prudes. There is not much of an in-between. No character felt real. They all felt like they were written specific to this event and that really didn't bode well with me. In a situational comedy like this, it helps to have a character we can relate to. This film really doesn't have a relateable character, just mere pawns in the film's game. The story itself moves pretty well through it's self proclaimed rough night but doesn't really latch on to you as a viewer. You're pretty much there to watch the ride...nothing else.The cast here is probably the best part of the film. Between the gravitas Johansson brings to the screen and the intrigue of Zoe Kravitz and the off the wall banter from Kate McKinnon, it would be a lie if I said they weren't at least fun to watch. The problem the film has is its dialog. If the film's goal wasn't to promote feminism and a pro-female image, I'd say it is passable. But the film portrays women either as sex-crazed drunkards or uptight prudes and coming off of Wonder Woman, this film seems like a slap in the face. Maybe it is poor timing or maybe it is true, only time will tell. Overall, the film isn't horrible. It features good performances from Kate McKinnon and Scarlett Johansson and makes the best of its boderline terrible script. It sustains its 101 minute runtime and fills them with countless penis jokes (Jillian Bell relies on them annoyingly too much) and features some decent moments of situational comedy that could have landed way better but they still land nonetheless. Either way, it is a passable film but not one that I'd recommend spending money to see in the theater.
5 Probably was a good story but was told poorly in this film. Very disappointed.
5 Where do I start? Epic proportions both in the way this is beautifully filmed in the locations, costumes and attention to detail (worth watching for these things alone) and the length of the film (2 and a quarter, very long, hours.)Story is a mixture of several traditional Italian fairy tales with more than a sprinkling of sex and gore (Think Brothers Grimm meets Silence of the Lambs)Disturbing tales of human failings that start and stop throughout the film, picking up where they left off a few moments later. Some of them didn't have very satisfying conclusions and the ending was rather a let down (You would expect all the tales to come together at the end but they don't)Superb acting from all of the cast. Some relatively new faces that I am sure we will see again.All in all, worth a watch for the casting and production, but if this had been a book, I would have flung it across the room in frustration after the last page as the story promised so much more than the weak ending delivered.
5 I'm at some level upset with this film and I need to express those feelings.I'm a huge fan of Like Crazy, it's been years and it remains as one of my favorite films. It really made an impression on me, particularly the ending. It was beautifully shot. The music, the cinematography, the acting. And that is exactly why I can say Newness would not become in one of my favorites. The final scene is unfortunate. It really takes away all the impact of the film. And is sad, and upsetting because it could have been way greater. It's an interesting and appealing story, with great and realistic performances, but the execution somehow is off at that particular moment. The end. Something so important in any movie.This is a story about modern love and passion. The dating app plays a role, of course, but I think is more about the disconnection that we have with one another. They don't know each other, neither really bother to do it. We could say that's a consequence of meeting trough a dating app, but is it really? Datings apps, meeting people online, going on dates with strangers maybe is the response to not wanting to share and invest quality time with others, not the result. They move fast, they don't really think about it. It's a reflection of the fear of being lonely and the incompatibility of commitment. More important I think is a great example of the lack of honesty, not just to each other, but to themselves. The lack of a sincere connection and true intimacy. I was excited by this. It seems so real, so relatable at some level. But it failed to impress me because the ending doesn't make any sense. I like them both, however, there wasn't anything in this story that made me believe that they truly belong together, quite the opposite. It's not that they are wrong for each other, it's that they shouldn't be part of something that they don't even understand. It's just another cliché. It strips away all the unsurfaced meaning of it.
5 Spotlight is based on the true story of a Boston Globe editorial team's efforts to uncover systematic child abuse and abuser protection by the Catholic Church. Hardly fresh news, and a topic that will raise strong emotional reactions, and rightly so. But how does it hold up?Given the weird emotional volatility surrounding this one, allow me to qualify this review (and its writer): the scandal revisited here is unarguably heinous, as are the many people who took part in perpetuating it. My own feelings about organized religion mean I was only mildly surprised, but then perhaps the subject of the clergy's hypocrisy is worth revisiting, as it has been in entertainment since Moliere's Tartuffe. But this is a film website, the medium is narrative film, and so Spotlight should - and shall, in the longer term - be judged.This is a film that owes its success and Oscar nominations to its topic and, to a lesser extent, to its ensemble cast. It is also a throw-back to harder-nosed journalism-based films like All The President's Men - a much better, less self-righteous film. The end result however is a bit awkward: first, the structure is wobbly, throwing us in headfirst and assuming perhaps too much familiarity with the events. The character introductions are very rushed, which means it takes more time to build empathy, especially when it comes to the victims. The climax, such as it is, and ensuing denouement are a bit limp culminating in the obligatory white text on black background to tell you succinctly with words what the filmmakers could not achieve with visuals. It makes you wish, as many reviewers have, that this were a documentary.The cast are uniformly good, with Stanley Tucci and Mark Buffalo the stand-outs, but these are solid, seasoned turns, nothing that cries out "best performance of the year". Technical credits are closer to a TV-movie than a major Hollywood release.I can't give it credit merely for tackling an easy target from such a safe distance, but I would concede more points if it told its story more fluidly and dared to explore some of the more dangerous angles a bit more, such as police collusion, or that one memorable scene where a guilty priest rationalizes what he did in a way that hints at even worse events. Sadly, this chooses to play things way too safe.
5 Recently a lot of Kevin Hart's movies have been pretty lack luster. The Ride Along movies and Get Hard were shredded by critics. When I saw the trailer for Central Intelligence, I thought this would be just another one of those flicks. Thankfully, I was very wrong! The page here lists the film as an "action, comedy, crime" movie but really it is more of a "action, comedy, drama" flick. Dwayne Johnson plays the gentle giant Bob Stone/Robby Weirdicht (haha pun) who works for the CIA while Kevin Hart plays the everyday joe Calvin Joyner (a nice change of pace in my opinion). These two are the reason this film works as pure entertainment. They have great chemistry together and they play rather interesting characters. Robby is on the same level as Jason Bourne when it comes to hand to hand combat and other spy stuff like that but he has the sensitivity and the tastes of a fourteen year old girl. I don't care who you are, you have to admit that's hilarious. Calvin was the favorite student of his high school but now he is just a washed up accountant upset with where his life has gone. Hart and Johnson bring some real comedy to their roles as well as true conviction. You can believe that these two are dealing with some real emotional problems. I never thought of either of them as good actors but they do a splendid job here. The stunts they pull also look so very realistic. They are very thrilling and pretty creative too. Now the movie isn't without problems-what movie is? The spy portion of the plot is pretty straight forward and shallow. It's obviously just an excuse to get these two together but is that really such a bad thing when what they are offering is so good? Central Intelligence is kind of like that movie Twins with Arnold Schwarzenegger and Danny Devito. Two popular actors play as comic foils to one another as well as provide great drama with some cool stunts thrown in. What more could you want?
5 Divergent was not brilliant, but it was your average young adult movie. Insurgent is way below that. It is so bad that I wanted to leave the theater and read my book.But anyway, let's talk about the movie. In the first film Tris learns she is special, in the second she learns she is *very* special, but just if her boyfriend lets her do anything. Seriously, I actually had to ask my wife if girls like guys like him or is it just the submissive fantasy of the author. Apparently, a lot of girls like overbearing assholes who think they know what is better for you. And guess who makes her appearance in the sequel? The mother in law!Bottom line: the sci-fi aspect of the film was marginal, the characters clichéd to the point of monomolecular cardboard and the basic story was learning to accept yourself as your boyfriend tells you what to do while he deals with his mommy issues. I am not kidding: the most sympathetic character in Insurgent was Peter, the asshole who always insults and betrays everybody.P.S. The Erudite test was remembering something that had happened to you two nights ago? Really? That's what makes you smart?
5 A Bad Moms Christmas may have fell into that comedy sequel flaw were the first movie was pure laughs and fun. And this sequel may have some moments were it can be funny, but overall it fell a little boring compared to the first movie. I enjoyed the first with Mila Kunis, Kristen Bell, and Kathryn Hahn playing mothers who are so overworked and unappreciated. They decide to take control of their own lives to have a little fun. Sure, there are some hilarious moments in this film. But it was not enough to carry the rest of the movie. Amy (Mila Kunis), Kiki (Kristen Bell), and Carla (Kathryn Hahn) are under appreciated and overworked trying to get ready for Christmas. They all get surprised by their mothers visiting them for the holidays. Then, there comes the drama with Amy's mother being the high maintenance snob, Kiki's mother being too clingy and attached to her daughter still, and Carla's mother who is a dead beat and only sees the daughter when she needs something. Straight to the point, Bad Moms Christmas had some fun laughable moments. A scene were Amy, Kiki, and Carla get a little drunk before they do some shopping at the mall. Kind of a familiar concept like the first movie, were they were trashing a grocery store. Also, a scene were they are at skyzone and playing dodgeball with their kids and their mothers also participated was also a lot of fun. But the movie does fail with having a plot. It is all about mothers struggling through the holidays, and there mothers show up to either wreck there peaceful holiday or give them a little meaningful message about how to handle there own personal life. There was a lot of moments were there was not many jokes or laughs happening. Especially, in the more dramatic moments when Amy and there mother part ways after a party that turned for a disaster in her house. And her mother and the other two mothers chat away about how they all mistreated their daughters. Overall, Bad Moms Christmas is a bad film. It has some brief jokes and laughs. But not as good as the first film. Mila Kunis, Kristen Bell, and Kathryn Hahn were great but the script was lacking in a more fun plot and humor. I rate the film 2.5 out of 5 stars. I recommend the film as a rental.
5 I was so looking forward to this movie.. Thinking I was in for a good costume / medieval drama with some great actors thrown in. Unfortunately it was most disappointing.. Random tales that had no meaning.. Film locations and costumes were great, and the acting itself was fine.. I just didn't enjoy the 'tales'... I wasn't expecting happy endings but the plots seemed randomly put together with no real substance and more baffling than entertaining. Fairy tales, regardless if for adults or kids, are meant to have reason or lessons learnt - the moral of the story is?.. Nothing that makes sense at all in this movie! Totally forgettable and I wouldn't recommend.
5 It's gorgeous to look at, often witty, and has a few brilliant casting choices. But two thirds of the way through, the charm wore off.It's not certain now exactly where it started to feel wrong. Maybe it was the nested story within a story within a story; maybe it was the way that the older Zero M. didn't match the appearance of the younger one (the eyes?) Maybe it was the unfortunate things that kept happening to M. Gustav, which were unexpected after seeing the trailers and poster. Maybe it was the shifting accents of the Americans in the cast; Jeff Goldblum started talking about "Mah-dem", then switched to "Mah-dahm". Maybe it was the that M. Gustave, who is usually quite aware of his surroundings and predicament, was sometimes clueless. When Bill Murray finally made his appearance, nothing special happened. Whatever it was or whenever it happened, it was disappointing.
5 "Traffik" (R, 1:36) is a 2018 crime thriller. And it IS important to have the year in my initial description of this film, because not only is this not the first movie to use that word as its title, but it's not even the first one to leave off the "c" in an attempt to distinguish itself from earlier similarly-titled films. Of course, regardless of how it's spelled, a movie with that word in the title is practically guaranteed to be about bad people doing bad things across borders. Written and directed by Deon Taylor ("Meet the Blacks", "Supremacy", "Chain Letter"), 2018's "Traffik" flirts with a home invasion plot, but is primarily about the brutal subject of human trafficking.Paula Patton and Omar Epps star as Brea and John, a couple who haven't been dating very long, but who are very much in love and seem ready to take their relationship to the next level. Brea is a Sacramento reporter struggling to please her demanding editor (William Fichtner) and John is a very skilled mechanic who has some big birthday surprises in store for Brea. Darren (Laz Alonso), John's loyal but obnoxious sports agent buddy, is letting John use his fancy house in the mountains for the weekend. It's just the break from work that Brea needs - and just the romantic hideaway that John needs for his big plans.But this movie is more thriller than romance and the romance soon takes a backseat to the thrills. On the way to this house in the woods, John and Brea stop at a gas station where John is harassed by some backwoods locals and Brea sees a woman (Dawn Olivieri), who is bruised, shaken and seems in need of her help. Brea is unsure what she can or should do for the woman and when a local sheriff (Missi Pyle) sees what's happening with John and those bad ol' boys, she steps in and Brea and John drive away.Unfortunately for John and Brea, that gas station stop has repercussions for the rest of their weekend - and the rest of their lives. One of the tough guys from the gas station revs up his motorcycle, follows the couple and tries to run them off the road. John loses him, but Brea is still haunted by her encounter with the woman in the gas station restroom. At the house, the couple manage a brief romantic interlude, but it's cut short when Darren and his girlfriend (Roselyn Sanchez) show up at the house unannounced. Soon following suit is the woman from the gas station, her "boyfriend" - and his boss. They want a satellite phone that the woman slipped into Brea's purse and they're very... insistent. (Romantic weekend over.)"Traffik" is suitably thrilling and serious-minded, but feels contrived. The plot points seem randomly generated, far-fetched and melodramatic, yet the story deals creatively with an important issue. Overall, the strong performances, the thrills and the drama are sufficient to make for an entertaining movie. "B"
5 First off, I will admit that I've not read the bestselling book that The Girl on the Train is based on so my thoughts are based purely on the movie adaptation.I usually love a fast paced thriller with twists and turns to keep me metaphorically on the edge of cinema seat. The trailers had led me to believe this might be the case for The Girl on the Train. How wrong I was.The screenplay and direction were often sloppy while the editing was so messy it often felt like scenes were pieced together purely at random. I really struggled to warm to or identify with any of the characters in a film where all men are portrayed as controlling and deplorable and any sense of female empowerment is lost amidst the absurdity of the relentlessly twisting plot.I have to call out Emily Blunt's stunning lead performance - she steals every scene she's in with a nuanced, conflicted and honest portrayal of a complex and intriguing character. Quality support performances from Luke Evans and Haley Bennet help but don't save the movie and most other characters are so slight and one-dimensional that they fade into the background.The Girl on the Train felt like Gone Girl without the tension, emotion or drama.5/10
