good  Monsters Mike Wazowski and Sulley are the best scare team in Monsters Inc. The company catches the screams of children to power the city of Monstropolis.  However Sulley's main rival, Randall Boggs is up to no good and is working the rooms after the factory is shut.  Sulley stays late one night to find a door has been left open and that a highly dangerous little girl gets trapped on the wrong side of the door.  With the contamination unit closing in on them, Mike and Sulley must get the girl back into her room and uncover Randall's plot.From the Toy Story producing Pixar comes yet another child/adult cartoon. The story here will satisfy adults and children but it feels like an excuse for things to happen rather than a story in itself.  Where Toy Story had layers of story this is quite straightforward.  That's not to say it's not good, but it is more aimed towards the children than the adults.Similarly the majority of the comedy is aimed at children.  The only consistent laughs for adults come from the original `one-eyed monster' (where was that joke!?) Mike - he delivers plenty of funny lines and his musical over the outtakes is the funniest thing in the whole film.  The problem is that it doesn't have Toy Story's spread of backup characters to deliver one-liners, here we have the three main characters and a couple of baddies, other than that there are no really good support roles - even Celia is wasted as Mike's love interest.There are still more laughs than many real comedies!  But it's unfortunate that it's only left to Mike to carry the adult humour.  The animation here has really advanced from Toy Story - just check out Sulley's hairy coat to see the detail.  At times you forget it's a cartoon - the characters and backgrounds just look so very real.  The final chase through the many doors of the factory is really exciting visually and is pleasing to all.A great voice cast includes Crystal, Goodman, Coburn, Buscemi, and Tilly all do well, but Crystal is the only one that has much to do and he comes away with all the praise.Overall it is aimed more at kids than adults and it's not near the heights of Toy Story.  However there is still lots to enjoy for all ages.
good If you understand what a disaster movie is about and how it works you will go and have a nice experience just as I did, certainly superior to the "2012" or "Day After Tomorrow" dullness.The usual cheesiness in disaster movie is there, the characters are so stereotypical it's hardly believable and worst of all it commits the usual, stupid mistake of having characters make it out of a situation just in time before everything collapses. This mistakes really annoys me firstly because it repeats itself a dozen times in the film but most of all because it's worthless: it does not add stakes or tension, they would be exactly the same, but except for maybe twice in the film situations get resolved just in time and the uselessness of it really annoyed me. The film tries too hard to give it's characters depth and barely succeeds in it. I cannot deny I was rooting for them, that maybe being due to the fact that the actors involved are honestly all doing a good enough job, but the fact that it tries to achieve character empathy through clichés that have been present in cinema since the beginning of time is ridiculous.That being said, it does deliver the goods of a disaster movie and delivers them much more competently than the recent disaster films we have seen on the big screen. With the exception of the finale where things are unnecessarily blown up to eleven, there isn't exaggeration. The set pieces are for the major part breath-taking and original enough. I counted actually two times where my mouth totally dropped in genuine amazement. I was riveted by many scenes and this is probably due to the fact that the director never overuses CGI. It is used in the perfect dose, there is enough practicality involved and the fact that the set pieces aren't always the biggest most blown up ones made it better, it gave the film more stakes. Moreover there is a great use of long takes in certain parts of the film, one in particular is very long and threw me right into the action like no other disaster movie ever had done before.If you know what you are in for you will have a good time and you will be given back your money's worth, you won't want to be re-watching this movie anytime, but that is perfectly fine and fits the film in what it is trying to achieve.
good If you are a noir fan then this film is an absolute must see. The screenplay itself is a work of art in its charater construction, plot structure and dialogue which is delievered by an ensemble of first class actors divying up first class performances. Barbra Stanwyck as the deadly, smouldering, scheming Phyllis Dietrichson turns in a performance that is right up there with Mary Astor's Brigid O'Shaughnessy. Fred McMurray delievers a performance of a smart but desperately lovelorn patsy and Edward G. Robinson is perfect in the role of Barton Keyes and just about steals the moment every time he appears on screen.I personally love a good Noir film and this is right up there with the best of them. Billy Wilder should be proud of this work eventhough the Academy didn't see it fit to reward him for his efforts, however I personally think this film is an absolute winner.
good I'm a fan of the "Despicable Me" franchise (except for the "Minions" spin off movie, which was terrible,) and I'm happy to say that this sequel does not disappoint in terms of entertainment value, laughs, thrills or charm. I think it is on par with the first movie and a bit better than the second one. In this chapter, Gru meets his twin brother Dru, who both must work together to stop Balthazar Bratt, an 80's-obsessed supervillain and former child actor out for vengeance.The movie doesn't waste a minute of time and moves at a very fast pace. The jokes and action come rapid-fire, but never wear on the viewer or become ineffective. The plot has enough twists and turns to stop it from being formulaic, and the movie has some excellent and funny references to the previous two films. Finally, Bratt is a perfect villain for this type of film and is too tongue-in-cheek to resist. It probably helps too that I'm also a big fan of Trey Parker (who voices him) and his show "South Park," but he manages to make the character incredibly funny. While the 80's music and references stemming from his character will probably go over the heads of the kids in the audience, their parents won't be able to stop laughing at those moments. While there are some lines that don't work (e.g. fart jokes) for anyone except the young ones in the crowd, the vast majority of the script is very clever. All in all, this is a funny and sweet sequel with witty writing, an enjoyable plot, and a very memorable villain. 8/10Note: I saw this film in Dolby Cinema, which is a new premium format that was installed at an AMC theater very close to me a few months ago. This was the first movie I have seen in that format. The clarity of the picture and sound quality were impressive, although I did find the sound a little bit too loud in some scenes for my liking (which is a bit odd, since when I saw 'Wonder Woman' in IMAX 3D at the same theater, the sound--while powerful and thrilling during the action scenes--did not feel too loud.) All in all, I enjoyed the Dolby experience.
good This movie focuses on Elise's character and that is undeniably the best part of the film. The scary scenes feel too similar to what we have seen in the previous installments but overall, it was enjoyable. 
good  This French film was re-made for English-speaking audiences in 1980 with the title, "Sorcerer," and I've watched that film a half-dozen times. It's excellent and, frankly, a far more interesting movie than this one. That is not to say Wages Of Fear is not without merit. It's just that most of the first hour of this film is wasted. It has little meaning. At least in the 1980 version, it showed how four men from around the world got to where they were and why they took the chance they did. here, even tough the pre-journey intro is much longer, it's vague with too many scenes that mean nothing. Once the action starts - the two-truck, nitroglycerin-filled 300-mile trip through rugged terrain - this is an interesting film as well. Then it paints a better picture of the personalities of the four men while keeping good suspense. That general suspense story is the same in both movies but the obstacles along the way of the treacherous journey are different and the fate of the men a bit different.There is some excellent black-and white cinematography in this film and a big reason for me to see it again, this time on DVD. However, I might skip some of that first hour.
good As a sci-fi fan, I tend to bring my scientific mind to watching movies about space. But this movie is more about the interaction of the characters than the Orbiter itself. Much is left to the imagination and what information is given serves only to advance the plot, not create canon for this universe. And don't let subtitles put you off, it's a nice film, and well worth watching. Another Spanish subtitled movie you might like if you enjoyed this one is Sleep Dealers.
good  Fun! fun! fun !Is that kind of movie that will take out the kid in you, no mater how deep you hide it! Trolls just proves that we all have a kid in us, and it's nothing wrong to let him out  every now and then. The mix off colors, the jokes and the fun music will light your face. By the half of the movie,all you want to do it's singing and dancing.  Moddy or happy, we all know that it's a very healthy expression. I strongly recommend Trolls, not just for kids but for the whole family.  You know that day that you are not in mood for anything? I mean anything! That day that you are a step a way to put a sign on your head with: " out of service " so people will live you alone, this is a day to see Trolls!  I promise this movie will  put a huge smile all over your face.
good  'Ran' is the Japanese word for chaos, riot, dissension. Akira Kurosawa's masterpiece is indeed a feast of destruction and perdition, charged with symbols and powerful in pictures like it is found very rarely in today's cinema.The dusky story is based on Shakespeare's 'King Lear'. In the film a Japanese warlord celebrates his own downfall. Kurosawa devised this with a radical film language which works with certain imageries of colors, rapid cut sequences and a sophisticated sound design. When the colorful flags of the different armies get intermixed in a battle, when the peacefully quiet wind (which carries the soundtrack) swells to a raving storm or when long wide shots suddenly segue into shots of details that follow hot on each other's heels then you realize Kurosawa's incredible style which deeply influenced the cinema worldwide.The drawings of the characters are equally terrific. Hidetora's jester is for a certain reason always at the side of the warlord. Their relationship alters as the film continues: Jester and warlord change their roles which makes it hard to distinguish both. Just as the sky turns from blue to grey with dark clouds, the violent past of Hidetora is catching up the aging lord. His trail of murder and predation is not forgotten, the brutally conquered land still carries the old scarves of war and exploitation which now burst out again.The viewer can take this monumental work as a warning to the destructive power of war, which is even decades later at present and beset those who seed the violence.
good  As a movie watcher, I tend to become bored with the constant, overdone, overdrawn, underplayed, overdramatized performance and production quality of most Hollywood films. It's a trait that in recent years has sadly driven me away from most big budget American films. A decent idea will become mangled by the money making machine that is Hollywood, hoping to pump the most raw cash they can out of it before it drops dead in the street.We all saw the catastophre of a failure that arose from the Matrix Franchise. Such immense hype and professed genius only made the failure all the more poignant for those of us that really wanted and expected more from the franchise.That all being said, I must say that The Lord of the Rings is an amazingly powerful visual experience. Not even just a visual experience. Peter Jackson has crafted one of the finest written pieces of our era into THE quintessential epic. He supplements the brilliant storytelling of JRR Tolkien with one of the most awe-inspiring collection of films ever created.The 7 hours of film that leads up to the Return of the King is only precursor though, when you sit and watch this film. It's just plain brilliance. Everything about the film is wonderful. The manner in which Jackson has arranged the scenes, detracting slightly from the original flow of the novel really helps to keep the suspense strong in all three story branches. The Tolkien humor is intact perfectly and the gallantry and just plain coolness of these heroes is plain amazing. (Check out Legolas in the BIG battle) It's all just too much for words.If one were to gripe, and I suppose there will never be a film made that one cannot find a point at which to grip, it is painfully long running time here. I personally believe that this is the only way such a film could be made, true to the source material and completely engrossing, but I found myself more worried about the pain in my posterior than the emotional final minutes after 4 hours (including ads and previews) that I had spent in a cramped seat. As such, this will be all the better (at least for me) when it's release on DVD (can't wait for the extended...get to see the Sauroman scenes that they cut out).As a film though, this is amazing. A true lasting legacy in story telling and now cinema. Bravo Mr. Jackson.
good  On IMDb's list of top 250 movies Leon is currently number 47, and my number one. There may be movies produced with a bigger budget, more special effects, and 'big named' actors (read overpriced scientologists) but Luc Besson created his muse and my passion with this movie. This is by far my most favorite movie of all time. In the past I would simply rattle off movies 'in my top 10' because I couldn't pick favorites. Leon has finally broken my cowardice and made me choose. It just works for me. Natalie Portman is amazing. I have honestly fallen for her over and over again since I first saw this movie. Jean Reno and her fulfilled their roles so well. I loved the way their connection was so unconventional but pure. Love is love. It doesn't apologize, it doesn't follow a mold and it doesn't have to. Damn, I think I'm going to go watch it again right now.
good  I normally keep my movie thoughts to myself but this movie affected me to the point of voicing myself out.Movies are typically evaluated via (i) more/less objective attributes (plot, ideas, action, cinematography, etc.) and (ii) emotional impressions they leave. While the latter is extremely personal and diverse, some convergence can be achieved in the former. Unfortunately, this piece greatly fails in it: no plot, no original ideas, no action, horrible cinematography, and a very repetitive soundtrack. As far as the emotional impression goes: well, in my case, it gave me a highly unpleasant aftertaste: a very pretentious schizophrenic nightmare...Why is it so overrated then? I'd hypothesize that it is for the same reason as in the case of Malevich's "Black Square". When one sees something a piece of "art" of that type, there seem to be two typical reactions: (i) "There is nothing there, it is junk." and (ii) "There is nothing there but it must be great because everyone else thinks it's great. Then it must be an art." So what created this mob fame effect for this movie? I don't know for sure but it might have been the big names of S.Kubrick and A.Clark. Once such a "snowball" starts rolling down the hill and picks up the momentum, it is more difficult to stop it than to roll with it.Please trust your own independent feelings. Things don't become better because a million of other people say they are brilliant. Cheers.
good I know everyone is saying this movie sucks and giving it horrible reviews advising people not to go see it, but I for one thought it was pretty enjoyable. Unforgettable stars Katharine Heigl, Rosario Dawson, Geoff Stults, and Cheryl Ladd. It is a pretty tense movie, sort of like a mothers boys type movie. I'll first say that Katherine Heigl was a great villain in the film, I think she was the perfect casting choice for the role of the possessive ex-wife Tessa. There are some people saying that she did a bad job in the movie, but those people are dead wrong, i think she needs to play villains more often going forward. Sure she's always great in a romantic comedy, which is her typical niche, but I think she may have found a new kind of role for herself with this movie. Rosario Dawson is good in the movie too, very sweet and kind character who is being terrorized by the crazy former wife and mother of her new stepdaughter. I thought Geoff was pretty good here too, I like him in grace and Frankie and I liked him here too. Dawson and Stults have really good romantic chemistry. The thriller aspect did have its predictability sometimes but overall it kept me interested and there wasn't a single moment where I was bored or wanted to leave. It's not a fantastic movie and it won't win any big awards, but I enjoyed it as an entertaining thriller and I think you will too. 7/10.
good  I knew absolutely nothing about this movie walking in, the only reason I was there was to take my daughter to see it is strictly because my wife said there was a short Frozen film that played along with the movie and my daughter just so happens to be the biggest Frozen fan on the face of the planet.Not only was I surprised by Coco, it might be the most in depth best story line I've ever seen in an animated movie. It was also educational and shed an entirely new light on the background of the Mexican holiday Dia De Los Muertos.Wonderful movie, can't say enough good things about it!
good  I have just returned from the first day late night show of this movie (the first part) and it has totally blown me away. The movie starts with a bang and carries the charm throughout. The way each character is introduced is terrific. It is story telling at its best. From Shahid Khan to Sardar Khan to Sultan, you actually end up fearing them all - the characters are so beautifully portrayed. Manoj Bajpai is amazing as Sardar (he really got into the character) and the narration (by one of the gang members) adds a lot of flavor to the entire flow of the movie.Siddiqui's role is brief in the first part and I have a feeling he will play a major role in the remaining part of this epic. He is already looking good. Tigmanshu as Ramadheer Singh is terrific, his expressions too good.Apart from this, the movie is informative - it very subtly tells the audience all about the way Indian coal mafia has progressed over the years, the gang wars, the politics. Obviously there is a lot of slang. I have not seen a Hindi movie with so crude a language ever, absolutely not recommended for family viewing and children/teenagers.The camera angles, especially the final sequence is superb. Anurag Kashyap is India's answer to Quentin Terentino. Gangs of Waseypur is already a Cult.
good  Annie Hall is a movie about life.  In recent films, there are fairly predictable endings.  (i.e. guy gets girl after chase scene in Manhattan). Annie Hall goes against the grain of movies.  There is definite chemistry between Allen and Keaton.  That is one of the main reasons this movie is successful.  Alvy and Annie do not have high wage jobs, they do not go clubbing, nor are they incredibly attractive.  Why does a movie character relationship have to be so extreme it's unconvincing?  These days movie producers create plots that are unbelievable.  They don't have any depth and usually have shallow intentions.  You can sense that the two leads care for each other.  The situations in this movie resemble real life and that is why it is so critically acclaimed and remembered. Sure Woody talked into the camera, but that, in a sense is real life as well.  It reminds me of my usual thought process and how when I think; I feel as though I'm presenting my thoughts to myself.  Only he is, presenting it to us.   This movie is clever and thought provoking.  If you're looking for the opposite of a yearly run of the mill movie, this is for you.
good Finally sat down to watch this movie today. After all the hype it had had it's fair share of great moments but in the end felt something was missing. I'll agree with many that Godzilla wasn't shown as much as he should have and maybe that was what missing or maybe it wasn't. Needless to say even though Godzilla doesn't make many appearances in this movie it still is a rather good movie with a an interesting story line. The best way to go into this movie is to not buy into Hollywood's hype because if you go into it like that you will be disappointed greatly. Overall I was satisfied with Godzilla. Great story, special effects, and even the acting was pretty solid. Worth the 2 hours for sure. Sit back, grab some popcorn and beverage and enjoy!
good This was a overall good movie by the Disney Channel's standards! I, being 18 years of age and sitting at home on a Friday night to watch it, am happy to say I sat through the entire thing happily! This movie is for adults and kids and also brought me back to high school even though it was only a year ago! The music brings meaning to the story and without it the movie wouldn't be complete which is why it is called High School Musical! I hope everyone who sees it enjoyed it as much as I did!! If Disney keeps up at this rate all the new actors and actress, singers and everyone will be the new product of them! Look at Hillary Duff, Lindsay Lohan, Raven, and many others! This movie has a few soon to be rising stars in it! Good job Disney!!
good Se7en is a very complex and deep movie, while also being quite disturbing. Andrew Kevin Walker created one of the most original spec screenplays of all time, but it is the kind of story traditionally used more as a writing sample than actually made into a movie. But the creative team of director David Fincher believed in this extremely dark, uncompromising story, and made it just the way Walker wrote it.The story revolves around two extremely well-drawn characters, David Mills (Brad Pitt) and William Somerset (Morgan Freeman). In one sense their relationship is the ultimate cliché -- the old veteran cop paired up with the brash rookie (though Mills is not actually a rookie, just new to the unnamed city where the movie takes place). But the contrast between these two characters is played out not for laughs or cheap drama but as the real working out of a moral question. Somerset, the lonely, cynical older detective, cares about people but has seen too much of the dark side of life to have much hope for society. Mills is not as intelligent as Somerset (kudos to Pitt for being willing to play a character that frequently looks foolish), and he lives by a simplistic belief in the power of law enforcement to change the world.Throughout the movie, the two characters struggle with this conflict -- is human society basically rotten, and can one person do anything to make a difference? Somerset, an intelligent, well-read man, is smart enough to recognize the truth, however painful that is. Mills is the kind of person who has never truly questioned the simple "values" he was raised with. Somerset tries to educate him, tries to warn him, but ultimately fails.In the end, it is only John Doe, the serial killer, who can teach Mills (and by extension the audience) the truth -- that this world is very often shockingly vicious and senselessly cruel. Doe and Somerset actually have similar views of society and the world, up to a point. But while Somerset still cares about his fellow human beings, Doe hates them, and takes out his rage in a series of gruesome murders based on the seven deadly sins.This movie is about the investigation Mills and Somerset undertake of Doe's murders, his "sermon" to the world through serial killing. Ultimately, Mills and Somerset can only do so much to try to stop Doe; the killer always seems at least one step ahead of them, and stays that way until the very end of the movie. In a normal Hollywood film, Mills and Somerset would "win" in the end by catching Doe and setting the world right again. But Andy Walker had a quite different ending in mind, and Fincher and his team take the shocking conclusion all the way to the limit of tension and drama.This movie, like Fincher's "Fight Club," was controversial for being violent and gruesome. Certainly there are a number of gruesome and disturbing images of murder victims' bodies, and many aspects of the story are very troubling, to say the least. But only one person is shown being killed on screen, and by far the worst of what happens in this story happens in the viewer's imagination. Unlike most films that have high levels of violence -- including, for example, Reservoir Dogs or Silence of the Lambs -- this movie genuinely attempts to grapple with the moral implications of what is being shown on screen. In direct contrast with, say Quentin Tarantino, who uses extreme violence for shock effect and to gain notoriety, Fincher actually shows less violence on screen and raises far more probing moral questions in the viewer's mind. I cannot think of any movie that contains as much genuine debate and discussion among the characters about crime and human morality as this one does -- while never becoming dull or preachy for a moment.I cannot finish this review without a word about Mr. Fincher's extraordinary visual talents. This is a man who ranks with the top handful of directors of all time in his knowledge and grasp of film-making technique. Everything from set design to lighting, selection of film stock and processing techniques, camera movement, frame composition, and editing work together to create an entirely new level of visual brilliance. Fincher's use of technique brings to mind nothing more than the work of Steven Spielberg in the 1970s, the last time a director this extraordinary burst onto the Hollywood scene. A whole generation has passed since then, and there is a new wave of techniques and tools available to the filmmaker of the nineties. Fincher uses every one of these tools to their utmost. The technical work and supporting actors are uniformly superb. This is a movie that works on every level. Andy Walker, having written a mind-blowing screenplay, must have been stunned when he saw the finished film. This movie will rock you to the core.
good  It is the only word I can come up with to describe this masterfully savage satire, and IMHO, it's the only word that need be used.Once I had seen ALTERED STATES and read the novel, I was hungry to find out more about the late novelist/playwright/screenwriter Paddy Chayefsky, and sought out this movie. It blew me away years ago, but I find it even more stunning now. Not just because of the writing, Sidney Lumet's taut direction or the Oscar-caliber performances by everyone involved, all of which are almost beyond being lauded with superlatives.But what knocks me out is how Chayefsky seemed less to be writing from the power of his imagination, than channeling Our Times Now. As if he was capable of some form of mental time travel; able to look into the Nineties and beyond to see the coming of SURVIVOR, or Maury Povich, Jerry Springer, Bill O'Reilly and Paris Hilton. Even HE probably didn't know how he knew, but he sure as hell felt it and wrote it down for us to marvel over today.Sure, there are political and cultural analogies throughout the picture that are dated. But the core of his vision remains startlingly clear and eerily prophetic. As for Howard Beale, there is not one single "celebrity" who mirrors that character today, but maybe he is a composite of several different personalities with whom we have become all too familiar in the world of "news-fo-tainment." Or maybe he simply hasn't materialized yet. Maybe that is just how far ahead of its time NETWORK really was.After all, being "mad as hell" nowadays has so many more layers of meaning than it did nearly thirty years ago...
good  THE FOUR HUNDRED BLOWS (François Truffaut - France 1959).Twelve-year-old Antoine Doinel (Jean-Pierre Léaud) has troubles at home and at school. Ignored and neglected by his parents, his relationship with his mother is further strained when he discovers that she has taken a secret lover. Added to this, his school teachers have written him off as a trouble maker and, with luck seemingly never on his side, it is Antoine who ends up getting the blame for bad behaviour. Finding refuge only in his love of cinema, Antoine soon finds it necessary to break free and discover what the world can offer outside the confines of everyday life. I have always struggled with the labeling of this film as one of the pivotal entrances in the "Nouvelle Vague". Since Jean-Luc Godard's "Au Bout de Soufflé", who uses a completely different approach to film-making, with his restless jump-cutting and endless references to pop culture, Truffaut presents his case clear cut, as realistic as possible. But this was something completely different from the way American films portrayed juvenile delinquency so far. No iconic trouble makers like James Dean or Marlon Brando, just a realistic portrait of a twelve-year old boy sliding into isolation. The very idea alone was something novel, seldom depicted in a way like this. Much of the praise must go to Jean-Pierre Léaud, who never even seems to be acting. His every movement, thought, expression come across as completely natural. Truly, one of the most remarkable performances of such a young actor I've ever seen. Watching this over 40 years after it was made, it all looks deceptively simple, with Truffaut's perfect integration of music and image, location shooting on the streets of Paris and the naturalistic performances. Truffaut used many innovations but they are not easily noticeable as in Godard's work. This was for instance the first French film to be shot in widescreen (aspect ratio 2.35:1), which required much planning on Truffaut's part, with some surprising results. In many scenes we don't see the other person Antoine is talking to, which gives the viewer the illusion as if Antoine is almost talking directly to the camera. Jean-Pierre Léaud would continue his role as Antoine in four more films by Truffaut, "Love at Twenty" (1962), "Stolen Kisses" (1968), "Bed and Board" (1970) and "Love on the Run" (1979).Camera Obscura --- 9/10
good  "Judgment at Nuremberg" is one of the great films of all time. This can be attributed to the excellent script written by Abby Mann, its skillful direction by Stanley Kramer and possibly one of the greatest casts ever assembled for a motion picture.The subject trial takes place in 1948 long after the trials of the major German military generals when most people had lost interest in such proceedings. Writer Mann chose to write about the trial of German judges, the people who above all, should have seen the evil of Hitler and his followers coming.Assigned to the trial as Chief Judge is Dan Haywood (Spencer Tracy) a low profile justice who by his own admission was not the original or subsequent choice. The prosecutor is Col. Tad Lansing (Richard Widmark) an "army man" who vows to convict the four ex-German Judges. Defending the accused is Hans Rolfe (Maximillian Schell) who must convince the court that the defendants were acting only for the love of their country.Among the defendants are respected Judge Ernst Janning (Burt Lancaster) who has written several books on law accepted the world over. Lawson accuses the defendants of signing orders for the sterilization of innocent men and the execution of those who opposed to the Reich and the extermination of the jews. He puts Rudolph Peterson (Montgomery Clift) on the stand as a victim of sterilization. Rolfe manages to expose the pitiful Peterson as mentally challenged. Later Irene Hoffman (Judy Garland) is put on the stand to explain her alleged affair at the age of 16 with an elderly jew. As his coup de grace, Lawson shows a film depicting the horrors of German concentration camps.In between the sessions, Judge Haywood strikes up a friendship with Madame Bertholt (Marlene Dietrich) the widow of a former German general, in whose former home the judge is staying. In spite of their differences they begin to grow fond of each other.The army pressures Lawson to ease up and suggests that acquittal or light sentences would best serve American interests since this was the time that the blockade of Berlin was beginning. Judge Haywood is also pressured to go easy on the sentencing.Maximillian Schell deservedly won an Oscar for his outstanding performance as Rolfe. Any one of the other principals could have easily won as well. Clift and Garland are simply outstanding as are Widmark and Lancaster. And Tracy, did he ever give a bad performance? The still beautiful Dietrich was also excellent. Others in the cast are a very young William Shatner as Capt. Byers, a court officer, Werner Kemperer as Emil Hahn the most militant of the defendants and Ray Teal as Judge Ives. Teal had long been a fixture in westerns and is probably best remembered for playing Sheriff Coffey on TV's Bonanza.The DVD release contains an excellent conversation between Abby Mann and Maximillian Schell plus an interview with Kramer's widow, the still beautiful former actress Karen Sharpe.A true cinematic masterpiece.
good Throughout the whole film I kept asking myself the question as of what was going to happen and once I figured it out as usual my mind is blown. And on top of that Brad Pitt gives the best performance I've ever seen him done taking on the role of an absolute nut case.The story seems complex and hard to follow to most but in reality as long as you pay attention to the film you should have no trouble. This film for me was really easy to get submerged into the film wanting me to know what happens next which is always a good thing in a film and of course I could not have gotten submerged without this marvelously clever story in the film.A second and major thing I enjoyed was Brad Pitts amazing acting in the film, he does an amazing job as the fast talking nut case Jefferey It was always a bonus seeing him in his role throughout the film.This is for sure one of my more favorite time travel films and film with a twist, its a tad different but really easy to enjoy.
good  LAWRENCE OF ARABIA, released in 1962, is one of the best motion pictures ever made. Be that as it may, LAWRENCE OF ARABIA contains one particular scene that is my favorite out of all the thousands of movies I have viewed over the past 50 years. To my mind, this scene is the most beautiful, most joyous and wonderful cinematic experience.So I would like for you to experience this scene from LAWRENCE OF ARABIA as well, but you must do the following. Watch it on the biggest and best screen available to you, turning up the sound to movie theater volume. Additionally, the scene won't be appreciated unless you watch LAWRENCE OF ARABIA from the very beginning, including "The Overture".The scene begins at night, just before sunrise. Lawrence and his "army" have succeeded in crossing the "sun's anvil" portion of the Nefud desert. Lawrence then notices there is a camel with no rider. It is Gassim's camel; perhaps Gassim fell asleep and fell off the camel and could not catch the camel in time to remount? Lawrence decides to turn back and rescue Gassim if that is the case.This is where the scene begins. It ends when Lawrence, completely exhausted, looks at the ground and falls onto a mat into a deep sleep. Everything that happens in between is the most enjoyable piece of cinematic art I've ever seen and is now there for you to discover and enjoy. This is all I will reveal.
good  I went to see this movie expecting little to nothing, but what I got in return was a fully developed well made animated movie. That contained no "twerking" or "fart jokes" like in the trailer (I think they were only animated for the trailer, not too sure why). The movie is smart and funny, it has good messages for kids and maybe even adults. Super action packed and also for any Sherlock fans, I spotted a couple sherlock related easter eggs.It is not only exciting but very beautifully animated and the lighting is also stunning. I think that this take on Sherlock Holmes is a very different one but still stays true to Conan Doyle's story (the easter eggs are very clever). I believe it is a good way to introduce kids to those characters. It is also impressive since this movie came from Paramount which has little to no experience in the animation world. I have no idea how the creators of this movie were able to make "Sherlock Gnomes" into a really great animated movie, that is closer to a Disney or Pixar type movie then an illumination movie.Last thing, not too sure why its getting such terrible reviews (19% on rotten tomatoes) I would say at worst some parts of the movie are mediocre, but it still does not deserve 19%. Some people really must have it out for this film.highly recommend :)
good  OK look, let me settle something between those who love and hate this film. A lot of people hail this film because it is technically brilliant and ground breaking. Director Orson Welles did a lot of things visually that no one had ever done before. Nearly every film maker was in some way influenced by this movie. This movie also had a great impact in its time. The title character was based on media giant William Randolph Hearst. He was that generations Donald Trump. He opposed this film so much he did everything in its power to stop its release and almost succeeded. Lastly this film contains some of the strongest and most common themes in literature; Life versus death. It is for these reasons why this film is so revered.On the contrary people who hate this film mainly complain that it is boring. Which is a legitimate complaint. The story is slow compared to today's standards, and there is no real Hearst character alive today in which to relate. So yes, the story on the surface is outdated. However, this does not make it a bad movie. It was not made as a Matrix/Star Wars type of movie which can be enjoyed even at surface level. This is not pure entertainment. Remember there is more to film than storytelling. This film was designed to be cinematically beautiful and to tell a basic story of love and redemption. There is much more to the story than the thinly veiled attack on Hearst, one just needs to look deeper. Look at Shakespeare or Hawthorne for example, their literary works are universally loved. Yet, many people blow them off because they refuse to look past the outdated language into the beautiful prose and simple ubiquitous themes. Just because something is outdated does not mean it lacks worth in today's world.My advice to those who did not like it the first time or have not seen it yet is simple. Watch it again for what it is. Do not expect to be on the edge of your seat for two hours. Watch it for the cinematography that alone makes this film among the best (I don't agree with AFI's number one ranking but I think it still ranks high). Look deeper into the story and try to connect with it on some level. At the very least appreciate how influential this film was and where the industry would be without it. If you can do this, then maybe some of the naysayers will change their minds. Again, you do not have to love Citizen Kane, but at least respect it for what it is.
good  I know it's fashionable to scorn the "prequel" trilogy, but if one stands back a bit, things tend to snap into perspective. Compare "Phantom Menace" to most any other fantasy/sci-fi film, and it has to rate very high indeed.Plot: this is the more "adult" side of the Star Wars galaxy. The politics are remarkably credible, with the entire plot hinging on the result of a vote of no-confidence! How many adults even know what that is? (Hmm... maybe this explains the low ratings.) The relationships between the races on Naboo, the role of the Jedi... these things are established more clearly, and depicted more credibly than in any of the other five films.Technical achievement: Lucas paints on a vast digital canvas, and creates a world of wonders that have simply never been imagined by lesser talents. This is a living, breathing, believable world, that makes the world of the original trilogy seem cartoonish and contrived by comparison. Naboo, from the city, to the underwater kingdom, to the rolling green hills, is one of the great fantasy worlds, up there with those of the Thief of Baghdad (both versions), Blade Runner, or 2001. And our first glimpse of Coruscant has got to be one of the most memorable "wow" moments in the history of the movies.Characters: Liam Neeson's Qui Gon is one of the strongest characters in the Star Wars films, and Ewan McGregor's Obi Wan a worthy, more-dashing successor to the older version created by Alec Guinness. And Jar Jar Binks? Annoying? Not compared to the insipid C-3PO, or the insufferably perky R2-D2. Jar Jar is a fully formed character, with surprising depths. His manner is odd, perhaps abrasive, but he offers far more than the single note that Lucas used for his original comic-relief characters. And, of course, the fact that he is one of the first fully digital characters in film history has to be worth something. But Ian McDiarmid's Senator Palpatine is perhaps the most under-appreciated of all. This is an Oscar-worthy supporting performance, a character who is both frighteningly real and perfectly ambiguous. McDiarmid balances his performance on a knife's edge, managing to be both fatherly and deeply unsettling.Yes, it may be that a certain human dimension is weaker here than in the original Star Wars. We don't have a clear "hero". There's no Luke, no Han. That's a valid point, but it is not inevitably a criticism. Qui Gon and Obi Wan aren't the comic-book heroes of A New Hope, but they are likable, heroic, and rich in characterization. If I had a choice between seeing 10 more episodes of the life of Han Solo or of Qui Gon Jinn, I'd choose the latter without hesitation.Story: The storyline in this film seems more real, more substantial than in the other five. We have the perfect sense of scale, from human drama to global (or interstellar) conflict. The one quibble might be the pod race. It's certainly entertaining, but does it go on too long? I think perhaps so. This is a structural weakness, but not a huge one. (Does Luke spend WAY too long on Dagobah, listening to warmed over Zen platitudes from that rubbery little jerk Yoda? Yes! Yet this is in the film most viewers seem to, unaccountably, pick as the "best" of the six. Clearly, there's some latitude for narrative digressions...)And then there's the climactic sword fight. I'd rate the three-way duel in Phantom Menace as the second-best sword fight in the Star Wars series, close after the finale of Return of the Jedi. The latter has a wonderful mythic quality, but this one is more visceral, more scary... partly because Darth Maul is such a cold, merciless villain, and partly because you know from the outset that the outcome is genuinely in doubt, that one of the Good Guys really could die. And the staging, using three master swordsmen, each with very different technique... This is just about as good as action film gets. Only two or three other movie duels come close: Rob Roy, again with Neeson, oddly enough; Scaramouche; Robin Hood... I can't think of a fourth. The closing duel ALONE should raise Phantom Menace into the front ranks of action and fantasy films.Bottom line: there is so much to enjoy in this film, so much to see, so much to feel, that it is amazing how anyone can possibly rate it below a 7 or 8. This is a scale of film making that few have ever attempted, let alone pulled off so beautifully. Perhaps that's the film's biggest fault: Lucas makes it all seem too easy.But, of course, we all know the REAL reason people can't give this film the 10 it richly deserves. That reason lies within themselves. Viewers in 1999 (let alone 2007) just couldn't feel as young, as innocent, as optimistic as they did when they saw the very first Star Wars. (Especially if they saw it way back in 1977, 30 years ago). Star Wars hasn't changed, George Lucas hasn't changed, nearly so much as the audience has changed. Alas. Moviegoers who are truly so jaded that they can't feel the passion and revel in the breadth of vision of The Phantom Menace have my sincerest sympathy. Yes, you can be ever so-o cool by putting down the prequel trilogy, but missing one of the best movies of all time is a very high price to pay.
good  I thoroughly enjoyed this little gem. It's such a simple story but has a big impact on the lives of the characters. The stop animation has that new-generation of clean and smooth action similar to Coraline and it it very well executed here.So the story in a nutshell is about a dumpy little girl in Australia whose life is made miserable by a Sherry-saturated mother and garage-dwelling taxidermy hobbyist father who by their lack of interest, leave poor Mary to her own imagination and devices. Meanwhile, in New York, we have an obese apostate named Max living a hermetic shut-in life of chocolate hot dogs, Overeaters Anonymous, and Aspergerian perplexity about the world around him. Mary, seeking answers to the questions of life, happens to write to Max after having ripped his address information from a US phone book during one of Mary's mother's "borrowing" episodes. And so begins their comedic pen-pal friendship through the course of nearly 20 years.We see Mary grow and we see Max getting more and more obese. There are many moments, often funny, where Max and Mary are helping each other through their writing. I know it's just a story but how does Max NOT become diabetic? Sometimes the absurdity reminds me of Nick Park's Wallace and Gromit characters but a little more hip. While the story is not intended to be a comedy, there are some very original and funny comic elements, especially those of poor Henry the goldfish.Anyhow, we later see Mary's futile attempt to understand Max's Asperger's through the lens of wanting to "fix the world", as many a young adult wants to do and we see a rift come between the two as Max, content to accept his life but resentful for Mary wanting to "fix" him, recedes into himself.There is a resolution to their rift and the ending is rather touching. The story was very well delivered and is not made to be unbelievable. Look for this one to win awards very soon. Find any way you can to watch this one and get the bragging rights this wonderful movie deserves. Well worth you time.
good I needed, and had, a stiff drink after seeing this movie.
good  Pixar has produced some of the best animation in the past decade with its computer-generated features (Toy Story, Monsters Inc., and Finding Nemo) that have been marked by strong story lines and vivid characters. The tradition continues in an impressive way with Wall-E. This deceptively simple tale is transformed by the emotional content told almost entirely through visuals. A polluted Earth has become uninhabitable for 700 years, and one of its only residents is Wall-E, a small robot whose solitary mission is to be a mobile, trash compactor. In his work, he also finds and collects trivial, odd artifacts of mankind's past such as a Rubik's cube. He comforts himself with an old video, Hello Dolly, and as he learns about humans and his yearning for love, it becomes his idyllic vision of happiness amid an insulated, dull existence. Along his travels, he comes across a unique find, a live plant! One day a spaceship lands and deposits a robot probe. Fascinated by this kindred machine, Wall-E follows and eventually befriends this unit known as Eve. Eve has a directive that will hopefully return humans to Earth if only it can sustain life, and Wall-E's plant figures immeasurably. Eve is returned to her mother ship with Wall-E frantically chasing after his newly found love. On a spaceship acting as a living city for its machine-dependent, overweight humans, little robots are not only the caregivers, but in control. Wall-E and Eve must figure a way to return the humans to earth and find happiness even if it means making the ultimate sacrifice.Wall-E's innocence and childlike wonder (think E.T.), as exemplified by how he introduces himself to everyone he meets, could almost have sprung from Steven Spielberg's imagination. It's in the small details that enrich Wall-E as a character. He brings to mind an amalgam of past robots like Star Wars' R2-D2 and the little robots in Silent Running, and his fears and joys are expressed through body language and squeals. When he shuts down each night to sleep, he rocks himself as a child would. He is clumsy around Eve, and when he takes her to his makeshift home of robot parts and paraphernalia, he is like a little kid. Ironically, he is the catalyst to bring the humans back home. Writer and director, Andrew Stanton (Finding Nemo), takes a huge risk by basing the film's premise almost entirely on a song from Hello Dolly. I can't think of an animated film that relied so much on visual storytelling. Even Fantasia and Allegro Non Troppo were collections of musical sequences not narrative features. In a way, this film is almost too sophisticated in its display and execution for little kids but is just right for adults. Remarkably, this is a tale with nary a spoken word by the principals. One has to think of silent films to approach this achievement. The operative word here is pathos like the best of Charlie Chaplin's little tramp and, amazingly, this film earns its stripes by emoting body language, action, and sound effects. Yet most of the characters aren't even human! Fred Willard has an amusing small role as the corporate president. Sigourney Weaver, as the ship's computer voice, is an inspired choice since, like Eve, she was a female hero (in the Alien movies) and had to deal with computer voices in those films. The animation is almost 3-D in its rich detail and simulated, fluid camera-work. The interior of the mother ship, the Axiom, is a futuristic view of a commercialized (think Blade Runner) city in space. Yes, it is a thinly veiled message for all those 'save the earth' and 'think green' people, but that never detracts from the main theme of saving humanity amid a touching love story. There are moments when you think a scene could have played out a bit better, but that is minor. It is likely that Wall-E's reputation will grow over time as a shining example of stretching the art form by challenging and trusting its audience. Bravo to the folks at Pixar for taking a chance and for entertaining and moving us.
good  At last it appears evident that Hollywood have listened and made the superhero more believable. Batman through Bale is an honest character easily related to his alter-ego. The enemy is normal (compared to the green goblin and nuclear man!), and the City although futuristic allows the audience a certain mystical sincerity. Bale is strong as both Bruce Wayne and Batman. The underpin to the story line depicting how Wayne became Batman is well written and acted. There is of cause the usual moral picture painted through Wayne and his childhood friend emphasizing that revenge is a negative motivation in cleaning up Gotham. Good kit and a great car... 2008 is marked up for the follow up with Bale in the lead role again, keep up the good work and we hope Superman is as REAL.
good This film has become a Christmas tradition in my family.  We watch it every year and never tire of it.  Frank Capra is a master of creating films with a message that reinforce strong values.  This is probably his greatest film in that regard.  Both he and Stewart have publicly stated that this is their favorite film.The message in this film is one of courage and sacrifice for the greater good as George Bailey, a man with big ideas about seeing the world, continually forsakes his own desires to do what is right for the town.  The second message is that each life important.  No matter how insignificant we feel we are, we are all inextricably linked to each other and play an important part in the fabric of one another's lives.Capra's direction is brilliant.  His genius is bringing human stories to life in a ways that not only make a point, but that totally involve the audience in the lives of the characters.  He is always extremely optimistic about the human condition.  He is known for testing his characters with overwhelming adversity to make them struggle to triumph in a way that causes the world to change and the character to grow.  For this reason his films were always crowd pleasers and this film was the best of all in that regard.Led by Capra's understanding hand, the actors all did a magnificent job. Stewart's wide-eyed enthusiasm and boyish charm, coupled with an unbending strength of character made him the perfect folk hero.  Donna Reed was lovely and charming and attained the right balance between being supportive and inspirational.  The romantic chemistry between her and Stewart was subtle and charming.  Lionel Barrymore was towering as the greedy old skinflint who was trying to take over the town.  Thomas Mitchell plays one of my favorite characters, as the bumbling Uncle Billy in probably his most memorable role.This film is number eleven on AFI's list of best films of the century.  It was nominated for five academy awards and won none.  It was swept in 1947 by `The Best Years of Our Lives', a great film that won seven Oscars that year but in my opinion was the lesser film.  History has corrected that minor injustice by rendering `It's a Wonderful Life' an enduring classic that is viewed and loved by generation after generation.  Of course, I rated it a 10/10.  I can't wait to see it again this Christmas.
good Yeah. It was funny. It was entertaining. It's not a bad movie by any means. I think Kubrick did a great job with the visuals and the settings. Beyond that, it's not very dramatic or suspenseful. There's not much depth or intellect. I laughed modestly a few times, but mostly, the humor consists of lazy military stereotypes. The premise was interesting. I could've done with less cockpit and gun firing scenes. Perhaps the general and his descent into madness could've used more fleshing out. I don't know. It feels like it's missing something. Maybe it's one of these meme movies like Napoleon Dynamite that you either "get" or you don't.
good Movie premises can run the gamut from the clever, "don't let the bus fall below 50 mph or a bomb will explode," to the wacky, "don't feed the cuddly Gremlins after midnight or they turn into vicious little murder beasts," to the downright "ok, who the hell greenlit this mess," snakes on a plane anyone? But no matter how original the idea, the movie it carries lives or dies by its execution and it is here that A Quiet Place shows its pedigree. As set-ups go, it comes with an intriguing one: don't make any noise louder than a whisper or risk instant, violent death by mysterious monsters that hunt by sound. The premise is illustrated to chilling effect in an opening scene where an act of kindness has devastating results for the wondering family of protagonists. The narrative device presents a particular difficulty for the filmmakers. Namely, how do you tell a story with almost no dialogue between characters? An original idea is a Hollywood rarity in itself and the film handles the contrivance with expertise, showing us the daily routine of a normal, loving, American family in a world where dropping a glass can mean swift, brutal death. There has been a recent trend of rookie directors coming out of left field with impressive, refreshing work, (Who the heck expected Jordan Peal to come up with a horror masterpiece like Get Out?) and to that illustrious list we can add . . . John Krasinski. Wait. Who? With just a fairly unknown movie and about 3 episodes of The Office to his credit, it is a testament to his skill that on barely his second feature film he directed something as arresting as this. In a stale genre where most scares are dependent on jump cuts and a shrill string instrument note, Krasinski and his crew have crafted a truly terrifying film that demands attention and keeps building on its premise with brutal intensity. The director and his DP, The Girl On A Train's Charlotte Bruus Christensen, frame their cameras to maximize the despair and isolation of the family's situation and the effect is unnerving. For this is an engrossing and captivating film that will keep your eyeballs glued to the screen from barely 5 minutes into it; the family's plight to survive against mythical, seemingly indestructible creatures making for a genuine hair-raising, spine-tingling, armrest gripping, movie experience. And all this with barely two pages of dialogue between the whole cast. But the filmmakers are not alone in their endeavors. They are assisted greatly by a game cast who are all committed to their roles, even the young 'uns. John Krasinski is pulling double duty as director and paterfamilias in the cast, constantly trying to figure out how to protect his family from an unbeatable menace. Emily Blunt can do emotional intensity in her sleep and is particularly well cast here but it is newcomer Millicent Simmonds, as daughter Regan, that threatens to steal the show. Deaf in real life since infancy she brings a realism to the role that is difficult to imagine anybody else could have pulled. If there is something to gripe about is that the evil that terrorizes the family can seem generic and not much is offered in the way of explanation as to their origin but this is nitpicking and in no way detracts from the experience. The movie is a master class in suspense, a taut thriller that tightens the tension to an almost unbearable degree all the way to its final scene. Hold off on the sodas, folks. You're not gonna want to take any bathrooms breaks for this one. Parent's Brief Rated: PG-13 Running Time: 1 hour 30 minutes On Sex and Violence: No sex. No nudity. There is violence but through the use of judicious editing it is mostly implied rather than graphic. But then again the same could be said about the original Psycho.
good  A 17-year-old Katie Price (Bella Thorne), sheltered at home since childhood with a rare genetic condition, a life-threatening sensitivity to sunlight. Having only her father Jack (Rob Riggle) for company, Katie's world opens up after dark when she ventures....
good Starting out in the movie, Steve (Josh Hutcherson) and Darren Shan (Chris Massoglia) have always been best friends. After skipping class and getting in trouble at school Darren is forced by his parents Don McManus and Colleen Camp, Mr. and Mrs. Shan to not be friends anymore. When getting an invite to a Cirque du Freak show they will never forget, Darren steals Crepsley's spider and Steve try's to convince Larten Crepsley (John C. Reilly) a two hundred year old Vampire to make him a vampire. Massoglia has some real potential i think when he made this movie and I'm sure will grow to be a great actor in the film industry. Reilly is funny yet serious in his role in the movie which makes it fun to watch. I caught him being interviewed on Conan the week before his movie came out talking about his childhood and when his mother brought him and his brother to see Halloween. They were both only twelve and ten at the time. Wanting to leave the movie all throughout, when getting back home Reilly's brother plays a prank on him when he is told to shut off all the lights in the basement. After getting to the last one above the stars his brother turns it off on him and he is scared whit-less and runs up the stairs terrified. Even just telling his story about his childhood makes me laugh. After giving some insight on his childhood it helps you understand what life was like for him before he became a star. I like hearing about the down to earth things with stars, it makes them seem normal in a sense that they are just like regular people. There was not to many special effects, but the small ones of the vampires running and the spider and the Cirque Characters was pretty good. Makeup was really well done and the costumes were as well. Looking forward to see what else Massoglia has next on his agenda with movies, hopefully see him sometime within the next year. This movie will leave you satisfied at the end because there is a great performance from Massoglia and Reilly. See my Reviews on getthenew.com, thanks ahb.
good  Please do not waste your time or money on this nonsense. Oh boy where do I start. OK for me the worst thing is when she gets back and tells everyone that Neil Patrick Harris "kidnapped" her (Rosamund). He did this by bludgeoning her and she lost a large amount of blood which he cleaned up. Then he takes her diary to her husbands fathers house to burn!!!!! (how does he even know of this location)?????? But he makes such a p!$$ poor attempt to burn it which would take 5 min to do properly as opposed to the 30+ to clean the blood. and no one questions this even once!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No one even looks for any wounds or asks about her wellbeing and she is not treated for any wounds. Oh and the hospital sends her home covered I mean a copious amount blood. No flipping way, the hospital would clean her looking for wounds especially with this much blood.I could go on and on but just read the other truthful reviews they will point out most of the other glaring mistakes and downright intelligence insulting nonsense. I really wish IMDb would have a 0 or negative review number as this does not even rank a 1. I give this -5 for utter bull$h1*.
good When Juan Jose Campanella is not directing episodes of Law and Order, CSI or the like, he periodically returns to Argentina make a movie. In this case he directed and co-wrote the screenplay of The Secret in Their Eyes. Thus far it is the most successful movie in Argentina in the past thirty-five years and now in just few days after we saw it, we will find out if this Academy Award nominated movie for the Best Foreign Film will win an Oscar. It reminds us of the French movie, Tell No One, one of our all time favorites, as it is also a sophisticated detective story with an easy flowing but yet a complicated plot that keeps you thinking and guessing throughout the story. It is in Spanish, of course, with good subtitles. This movie is not only a mystery, crime movie but it is also a subtle romantic film which is has very good comedic moments. There is the use of a narrative technique that allows you to see the story through the imagination and the memory of the main character Benjamin Esposito played by well-known Argentine actor Ricardo Darin. There are skillfully done movements, which go back and forth in time as well as shifting the point of view, which on a few occasions took a few moments for us to orient ourselves. The acting, directing and photography were superb with great realism and therefore it surprised us to learn that the budget was only two million dollars. As required for all good movies of this genre, there is a strong ending, which will hold your interest and encourage further reflection.
good  6 Stories - 6 masterpieces! They perfectly combine thriller, drama, humor and the common topic is the violence.Each tale is independent from the other, but all of them have something special that makes you really enjoy.The situations introduced in each story are actually based on real life, of course the are intentionally exaggerated with a sense of satire and irony that really makes you laugh.The picture is the best I have seen in an Argentina movie and the music "made ​​in" Santaolalla is sublime.The actors/actresses are amazing (specially the bride - Erica Rivas) In my opinion it is one of the best non-English Language movies ever.
good  North By Northwest is not an artistic masterpiece like Rear Window and Vertigo, but it is probably the most purely entertaining picture Hitchcock ever made. It's essentially a rehash of many of his earlier films, with a plot partially derived from The Thirty Nine Steps and the very similar Saboteur, while there are borrowings from Foreign Correspondent and Notorious, among others. However, it is all done with such style and confidence that it doesn't matter if it's essentially just a greatest hits package.Very few other films of this kind attain the near perfect tone of this one, precariously balanced between seriousness and silliness. Sometimes this film manages the very difficult trick of being both suspenseful and comical at the same time, as in the auction house scene, or the wonderful scene in the lift when the hero's mother turns to two heavies in a lift looking menacingly at the hero and says "you gentlemen are not REALLY trying to kill my son, are you?".Of course the famous crop dusting plane scene and the Mount Rushmore chase are terrific. The former is really more notable for the amount of time taken to build up to the action than the action itself, while the technical work on the latter still looks pretty good. In a totally different vein is the astonishingly frank seduction sequence on the train. Hitchcock takes his time here as with many of the other scenes, but the film is so crammed with memorable passages that one hardly notices it's 136 mins long.Ernest Lehman's script is full of wonderful lines, many of them delivered so well by chief villain James Mason that at times we almost want to root for him. "Has any one ever told you tend to overplay your various roles Mr Kaplan....it seems to me you fellows could stand a little less training from the FBI and a little more from the Actor's Studio". Cary Grant is so smooth one almost forgets he's over 50, and of course there's also Bernard Herrmann's vibrant score.Endlessly enjoyable even with repeated viewings. How many of today's thrillers will be such fun in 25 years time?
good  Sweeping, epic and literate version of British adventurer and soldier T E Lawrence's experiences in Arabia during the First World War. Lawrence, miraculously well played by Peter O'Toole, "went native" when sent into the desert to find Alec Guinness's Prince Feisal. Before long he was striking out himself against the Turkish Ottoman Empire, which still held sway in the region at the beginning of the last century. Lawrence's efforts to unify the various Arab factions are particularly prescient.Lawrence became an inspirational warlord whose neutral presence amongst the Arab tribes, lead by Omar Sharif and Anthony Quinn, amongst others, served to glue together shifting and uneasy alliances. As well as wrestling with himself, with his own demons, and with the cruel desert environment, the Englishman was also faced with culture clashes which pitted not only the imperialists against the indigenous populations, but also the mercenary practices of the Arab guerillas against the discipline of the British army. In the end, Lawrence himself does not know which side he is on, nor which party he belongs to. Set against a backdrop of the Arabian desert, the nomadic allies under Lawrence's direction, attack and disrupt the Turks' efforts to maintain control of the territory, whilst the elephant - the British army and its heavy guns under General Jack Hawkins - pushes ever deeper into the area: not until his job is done does Lawrence learn that the French and British governments have carved up the middle-east between them and that the battle-lines for the 21st century are already being drawn.Scripted by the inimitable Robert Bolt and directed by David Lean, Lawrence of Arabia is one of those films without a weakness, despite drawing complaints for its near four hour length. The dialogue, cinematography, soundtrack and especially direction are superlative; likewise the supporting actors. But it is O'Toole at his charismatic best who steals the show in his starring debut; he never looked back. It may take an effort to watch this movie, but is well worth the ride and will, by the bye, provide some insight into the fractious and volatile world of Arab politics. One of the best films ever made.
good  Seriously, I know that sounds stupid as this is an animated movie, but why can't we have a favorite movie that's animated? If you ask me this is Disney's best animated film of all time. Why do you ask? The animation is just beautiful, the story is powerful and moving, the characters are terrific, the villain is one of Disney's most monstrous and the songs are out of this world incredible! Not only is it my favorite animated movie, this is one of my favorite soundtracks, with the strong power of Elton John The Lion King is absolutely beautiful and a pleasure to watch still to this day. I have to say also that this story is just so beautiful, it's still one of the movies that will always bring a tear to my eye. When I was 17 years old, I begged my dad to take me to the re-release of The Lion King, him and I being the only adults besides the parents who took their children to see the movie, Simba's father dies and I started balling! My dad looks around and said "Krissy, stop it!" and I just said "But it's so saaaaad! Simba's daddy!", yes I'm a sap, I can't help it, this is a powerful movie.In the Pride Lands, Rafiki, a wise old monkey, anoints Simba, the newborn cub of King Mufasa and Queen Sarabi, and presents him to a gathering of animals at Pride Rock. Taking advantage of the cub's naive nature, Simba's scheming uncle Scar, who is very angry because Simba's birth means that he's no longer next in line to the throne tells him about the elephant graveyard, a place where Mufasa has forbidden Simba to go. Simba asks his mother if he can go to the water-hole with his best friend, Nala, but they go to the graveyard instead. There, the cubs are met by Shenzi, Banzai and Ed, 3 hyenas who try to kill them, but they are rescued by Mufasa. But Scar doesn't give up there, he lures Simba into a gorge for a "surprise from his father" while the hyenas create a wildebeest stampede. Alerted by Scar, Mufasa races to rescue Simba from the stampede. He saves his son but is left clinging to the edge of a steep cliff. Scar flings his brother into the stampede below. Simba sees his father fall and rushes down the cliff after him, only to find him dead. Scar convinces Simba that he was responsible for his father's death and recommends that he runs away from the Pride Lands to avoid punishment. In a distant desert, Simba is found unconscious by Timon and Pumbaa, a duo who adopt and raise the cub under their worry-free philosophy, Hakuna Matata. When Simba has grown into an adult he is discovered by Nala, who tells him that Scar, through his irresponsibility, has turned the Pride Lands into a barren wasteland. She asks Simba to return and take his place as king but Simba refuses, still believing he caused his father's death. Rafiki arrives and persuades Simba to return to the Pride Lands, and face Scar once and for all.I know that still that Beauty and the Beast is the only animated film to get a best picture nomination, but I don't understand why The Lion King didn't get the same treatment. I adore this film with such a passion, I will always defend it to the high end. I still watch this movie, ever since it's theatrical release in 1994, I still sing, dance, and rehears the lines back and forth. How could you not at least with Hakuna Matata? Timon is my idol, he's so care free, funny, and awesome during his drag hula scene "Luau! If you're hungry for a hunk of fat and juicy meat, eat my buddy Pumbaa here, 'cause he's a tasty treat come on down and dine, on this tasty swine, all you gotta is get in line, are you achin',? For some bacon? He's a big pig. You can be a big pig, too. Oy! Ahhhh!", best scene ever in film history! OK, not in history, but one of my favorites, it always has me on the floor laughing till my stomach hurts. If you seriously haven't seen this movie, see it! Who said that animated movies can't be true art? The Lion King is a fantastic film and deserves all it's praise and more.10/10
good  The Pianist is an account of the true life experience of a Polish pianist during WW2, in the context of the deportation of the Jewish community to the Ghetto of Warsaw, a setting virtually absent from all films inspired on WW2.Polanski (himself a child survivor of the Krakow and Warsaw ghettos) could have described in more detail the legendary, desperate fighting of the Jewish resistance in the ghetto of Warsaw, or the horrific mass extermination in concentration camps. Instead, the film gains in intensity by displaying the war from the pianist's own point of view (through windows, half-opened doors, holes in the walls - with big emphasis on the use of "point of view shooting" by the cameraman). One cannot help feeling disturbed by the most enthralling scenes of the film, as the isolated pianist tries to ensure his survival in the ghetto and ruins of Warsaw, hiding and fleeing, moving from one bombed house to the next, gradually becoming a shadow of his former self, hungry and afraid (merit largely attributed to the extraordinary performance by Adrien Brody, who visibly loses half of his weight throughout the film).Does the pianist raise any sympathy from the audience? Not immediately, in my view. The pianist is more than often a drifting character, almost a witness of other people's and his own horrors. He seems to float and drift along the film like a lost feather, with people quickly appearing and disappearing from his life, some helping generously, others taking advantage of his quiet despair, always maintaining an almost blank, dispassionate demeanour. One may even wonder why we should care in the least about this character. But we do care. That is, I believe, the secret to this film's poetry.In one of the strongest scenes, towards the end, a German officer forces the pianist to play for his life, in an episode that suddenly brings a much lighter, beautifully poetic shade to the film (this German officer will be probably compared to Schindler, although his philanthropy does not quite share the same basis).This is also a wonderful tribute to Polish artists, through Chopin's music, with the concert at the very end of the film and the opening performance by the pianist at the local radio station (with the sound of bomb explosions in the background) forming an harmonious link between the beginning and end of the film (following Polanski's usual story-frame).Overall, The Pianist is one of the most detailed and shocking accounts of the treatment of the Jews by the Nazis, with the atmosphere in Warsaw well captured and believable. Quite possibly, The Pianist will remain in the history of film-making as the most touching and realistic portraits of the holocaust ever made.Polanski's film deserves a strong presence in the 2003 Oscar nominations, including a nomination for Adrien Brody's amazing performance, Polanski's sublime direction, best adapted screenplay and, obviously, best picture. This could be, at last, Polanski's long awaited, triumphal comeback to the high and mighty Hollywood.
good A Comedy that has it all, and lacks absolutely nothing. "Nobody's perfect" may be an inherent truism, but "Some Like it Hot" is a definite somebody in the universe of cinema, thus it IS perfect in every sense. Swing, sex and slapstick, (three words that immediately come to mind when trying to describe it) , are a mix so delicious, so fruitful in its possibilities that one cannot imagine a film which can live up to them, and yet this one does. Marilyn, her trademark, displeasingly infantile voice aside, is a bombshell of thermonuclear dimensions, whose powers of titillation will not expire so long as there are hormones and/or Viagra. The sexual content, for socio-historical reasons cannot be as explicit as we've come to expect, but there's still plenty of it, from Monroe's see-through outfit to the double entendre worthy of the Farelli Brothers ("What do I do if it's an emergency ? - Pull the emergency break!" ), including overtly gay themes that have a cult following of their own. The Lemmon/Curtis duo operates with gleeful, unrestrained vitality that can only be likened to Chaplin in his heyday. Though not a Musical, the combustive energy of this movie is so stimulating it almost makes you get up and dance.
good  Once the world's most-watched TV programme, Baywatch has become a significant part of television history.Okay, so it's not known for great plots (except maybe for the first few years) and brilliant acting, but, once upon a time, EVERYONE watched it.Personally, I watched most of episodes from 1990-1994, I of course, liked Pam and Yasmine, but to be honest, my favourite part of the show was the beginning theme... and I have no idea why.It's been a great stepping stone for many Californian model-type actresses, and Pam wouldn't have been as big (and I mean that in a non-boob-job kinda way) without it.I haven't seen any episodes outside of 94, but the memories I do have of the episodes I viewed were pretty good!!I don't know if it has finished in the States, and I don't really care. I've seen as many eps as I care to have sat through, and that's enough for me!"Baywatch" R.I.P 1989-2001
good While it received generally positive reviews upon its release, and captured the imaginations of an entire generation of younglings, The Phantom Menace has garnered an almost toxic reputation on the internet in the years since. Sure, it's not a perfectly executed film, and yes, there are more than a few dopey decisions, but the sheer spectacle and sense of fun in Star Wars: Episode I cannot be denied. George Lucas' return to a galaxy far, far away is a triumph of creative vision. A movie that overcomes any and all of its narrative deficiencies through the pure drive of its creator to wow, thrill, and inspire.The Phantom Menace is chapter one of the Star Wars Saga, and it feels very much like the beginning of a larger story. It introduces all of the important players in the saga, including Obi-Wan Kenobi, The Jedi Council, and Anakin Skywalker, the tragic hero who we know will one day become the legendary Darth Vader. On a micro level, the plot revolves around an intergalactic trade war that leads to tensions between the Trade Federation and the inhabitants of the peaceful, Garden of Eden-like planet called Naboo. Jedis Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor), and Qui-Gon Jinn (Liam Neeson), are sent as peacekeepers to protect the planet's leader, Queen Amidala (Natalie Portman) from the evil Trade Federation and the ancient Sith Lord, Darth Maul, one of the most frightening and iconic characters ever to come out of the Star Wars universe. The Trade Federation plot does not have the same level of buoyant escapism as the originals', but it's not far off. The politics are kept at a minimum, and they only serve to create bad guys for our heroes to fight. The more important element of Episode I's story is the extended introduction of young Anakin Skywalker to this new Star Wars universe. The most interesting beats of the story center around Anakin and his mother, and The Jedi council's trepidation regarding the boy Qui-Gon suspects is the Chosen One. You get the sense that there is something special, yet sinister about the young podracing phenom from Tatooine. It's a great aspect of the film that largely goes unrecognized. None of the pieces of the plot really mean much for the prequel trilogy's overarching story of the downfall of Anakin Skywalker, but The actual conflict of Episode I is largely unimportant. At it's core, The Phantom Menace serves as a feature length introduction to George Lucas' new (old) Star Wars Universe. Episode I is the prologue to the Saga, telling a simple story that puts the pieces in place for later films while still standing on its own. On that level, it's kind of brilliant. Lucas takes a universe that was, as sweeping as it felt, still confined to a small collection of characters, and tears the lid off. The Phantom Menace does more to create a fictional history and detailed lore for the Star Wars universe than any other film. All of a sudden, this universe was no longer just a backdrop for the characters to play around in. It became a real place, with real politics, history, tradition, and age-old myths of its own. Remarkable if you ask me.Next to their storytelling, Star Wars movies have always been known for their special effects. With 16 years between movies, George Lucas' ILM team had the chance to perfect all of their award-winning visual effects, and perfect they did. Incorporating a litany of techniques from miniatures and animatronics to innovative use of CGI, The Phantom Menace is a breathtaking film to look at. Every single shot of The Phantom Menace is a work of art, and the sheer amount of imagination put into the world is worthy of praise. From the environments to the vehicles, the costumes, and the creatures, everything in this universe is unique, and ILM and company craft them with an unrivaled eye for detail. That expert craftsmanship extends to the action sequences. George Lucas' strengths as an editor and technician translate to more than a few show-stopping set-pieces. My favorite of which is young Anakin's bid for freedom, a kinetic and thrilling race across the vast deserts of Tatooine. The Podrace is a visually stunning and genuinely tense showcase of absolute speed. It still remains one of the most fun sequences in recent movie history. The same goes for the climactic three-way lightsaber duel at the end of the film. With brilliant visual effects, fast-paced and furious choreography, and a euphoric sense of scope, it brought something brand new to the Star Wars Universe, large-scale lightsaber duels. The battles, both in space and on land, stand out as old-fashioned, innocent fun. Despite a few silly moments, they tap into that Saturday matinee spectacle that resonates with the kid in us all.Make no mistake, The Phantom Menace is not a perfect piece of film. The script is clunky, especially in the first act where the plot seems to spin its wheels. There are slow moments and plenty of silly gags that fall flat, but my God this movie is fun to watch! The visual splendor, the larger-than-life action set-pieces, the grand fun of the whole thing, The Phantom Menace is irresistible entertainment. An event movie with this kind of innocent charm is something unique in Hollywood, and that child-like earnestness is what makes this movie particularly endearing for me. The Phantom Menace might be different from the original trilogy in certain aesthetics, but importantly, not in feel. For the majority of this movie's runtime, it exudes the same brand of vibrant movie magic that made A New Hope a beloved classic. I won't call TPM a classic. I have my hangups with it, but I personally cannot bring myself to dislike this movie. While not perfect, Star Wars: Episode I works as an introduction to a brand new world, and as a stand-alone adventure that celebrates the innocent fun of the Original Star Wars. 86/100
good  SIN CITY: A DAME TO KILL FOR (2014) ***1/2 Mickey Rourke, Jessica Alba, Josh Brolin, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Rosario Dawson, Bruce Willis, Eva Green, Powers Boothe, Dennis Haysbert, Ray Liotta, Christopher Meloni, Jeremy Piven, Christopher Lloyd, Jaime King, Juno Temple, Stacy Keach, Marton Csokas, Jude Cicolella, Jamie Chung, Julia Garner, Lady Gaga. Slam-bang sequel to the mash-up of dynamic duo filmmaker Robert Rodriguez and graphic novelist Frank Miller's collaboration in adapting the latter's cult comic book to the big screen (again) with some new faces (hello Gordon-Levitt as a charming lucky/unlucky gambler) and old (good ol' Rourke as the hulking pugilist avenging Marv) in the seedy titular town of trouble. All sorts of crimes are boiling to a full roil including Brolin's Dwight (replacing Clive Owen) returning for some revenge from femme fatale Green (ethereally lethal) and stripper Alba wanting payback for the suicide of her beloved Willis (brooding in spirit). Gruesome violence, duplicitous women and vice to spare, the film runs on full-tilt, high octane brio with the invaluable skills of Rodriguez (who shot/cut and photographed the sleekly gorgeous black and white with slashes of vibrant color) that only falters in going by too fast to savor the sordid proceedings at hand.
good  This is one of those movies where everything could go wrong. The story is as simple as it can be: 12 men are jurors on a open and shut murder trial, but one man thinks that another persons life deserves at least some thought on the matter and votes not guilty. From this point on we have 12 actors and a closed room. This could be the most boring film ever made. Lumet however is a master of mise-en-scene and provides a tense movie that keeps you locked on from the word "go". The dialogs are great and supported by incredibly talented actors. Joel Schumacher in Phone Booth needed to see this movie and draw a few ideas on how to make a character built, dialog driven movie. A must see for everyone.
good Absolutely beautiful film. It touched my heart and soul like no other film ever has. Visually gorgeous. The acting was wonderful. That little boy, Miguel, was such a lovely, likable character. I wanted to reach on the screen and hug him. The songs? Wow, just amazing. Where there clichés? Sure, maybe but it didn't matter since the characters were original. The negative and so so reviews.....sorry but you have no heart. I don't think I can trust anyone who doesn't love this film. You are not human.
good "Warrior" may be one of the best movies of the year that no one sees. That in itself is puzzling. Mixed martial arts and UFC are in the cultural mainstream; in fact MMA is more popular than professional boxing. Director and writer Gavin O'Connor did the amazing "Miracle" a few years back about the 1980 U.S. Olympic Hockey Team. So he has the touch for inspirational sports stories. In "Warrior" estranged brothers Brendan Conlon (Joel Edgerton) and Tommy Conlon (Tom Hardy) fight each other in the finals of the winner take all mixed martial arts tournament Sparta in Atlantic City. "Warrior" is an inspired story of family, honor, and redemption. I applauded at the end of the movie along with the rest of the audience."Warrior" is a paradox of styles as inspired by its leads. Tommy (Hardy) is the AWOL Marine war hero from Afghanistan. He literally tore off a submerged tank door, saving those inside. Tommy plows through opponents with sheer rage and power. He is explosive technique. We witness this as he savagely dismantles world middle weight contender "Mad Dog" Grimes (cocky Erik Apple) with kicks, punches, and throws in an impromptu sparring session. Tommy mysteriously appears at his Dad's door step in Pittsburgh. He blames Paddy (powerful and sublime Nick Nolte) for the death of his mother. Brendan (Edgerton) is the high school physics teacher and former UFC fighter. He and his wife Tess (strong Jennifer Morrison) work several jobs to pay their upside down mortgage. Brendan gets an entry into Sparta to save his family home. He is smart and willing to take punishment to leverage his opponent's mistakes—getting a tap out. Brendan like Tommy has no love for their recovered drunk Dad (Nolte).At the narrative arc Brendan says to Tommy, "I love you!" And neither will back down. I think O'Connor and writers Anthony Tambakis and Cliff Dorfman at times overstate the family dysfunction. "Warrior" could have been leaner, as strange as that sounds. The mixed martial arts fighting are world class and many of the fighters are MMA stars. Former professional wrestling champion Kurt Angle is fierce and dominating as Russian champ Koba. His match with Brendan is vicious and amazing. "Warrior" authentically gets the brutality and precision of mixed martial arts. Hardy and Edgerton are awesome. I read that Hardy trained intensely gaining 30 pounds of muscle. He broke ribs and fingers. Edgerton tore his knee out during the shoot."Warrior" has a gritty atmosphere that is all about character and adversity. O'Connor seamlessly captures this in the simple camera shots and intimate dialog. He generates amazing performances. Edgerton is the delicate balance of compassion and focus. His Brendan is a good and decent man. Hardy has an electrifying enigmatic presence. He provokes a painful sadness and rage in Tommy, for whom honor and family are everything. Nick Nolte poignantly plays their broken father, who is pivotal in the redemption of his sons. Ultimately, "Warrior" is about forgiveness and love. It is one of the year's best.
good So some similarity to other films that are based on things that go bump in the forest at night, but with a good Brit cast, decent story line and more suspense and supernatural than gore, it's a not half bad way to spend a couple of hours.I do just wish they would finish the endings on a lot of films these days but how does one explain what happened to your friends when you yourself are covered in blood carrying an axe, the authorities are hardly going to believe you when you say it's because you've been killing ritualistic worshippers who were sacrificing your friends, and you've been running away from a mythological beast!
good  A perfect balance. Sad, but not self-pitying. Triumphant, but not cheesy. Frightening, but never grotesque. Shocking, but not gimmicky. Touching without being cheap. Visually it is stunning. There are some truly amazing shots, the attention to color is appreciated. Haley Joel Osment as Cole is extraordinary. What a promising career ahead of him. Bruce Willis, as a workaholic child psychologist, ought to be extremely proud of this, as it may be some of his best work. Tender, brooding, regretful, determined. Perfect. Toni Collette, is really phenomenal. I think she gets overlooked, but with any less talented actress, the film would have certainly suffered.I watched this film again recently, absolutely certain I would have lost some of the awe I had for it since last watching it on the big screen seven years ago. I was pleasantly surprised. It was just as moving, eerie, and beautiful. An obvious top five film of all time for me. Quite the freshman effort from Mr. Shayamalan.
good  Oh dear god why'd I go see this movie?! If I wanted Hunger Games: Catching Fire, I should've went to see Hunger Games: Catching Fire. Wait! No, I take that back. If I wanted Hunger Games, I should've watched Battle Royale 2.Cause if I'm honest, this movie is a copycat of a copycat. Oh how I miss the good old days! The good old days where if you went to see a movie set in a dystopian future where a corrupt government put its citizenry in peril on a whim, it was rated R because it contained great special effects, gritty foul language laced dialogue, and contained adult themes. But this! Okay! I understand the concept of movie studios dumbing this type of film down so tweens can partake in something that makes them feel like they are cool, or makes them feel like their rebelling.Even though they aren't really, they're just soaking up things that have been rehashed from what was cool 25+ years ago. Please! Tween society, realize that when everyone is a rebel, the only true rebellion is against rebellion itself!
good  Throughout the year I watched many movies and by the middle of the year I was finding it hard to watch a movie. I really had to force my self. I thought my love for movies is dying and I'm more of a TV person now. I was wrong. This movie (and the big short) proved to me that it wasn't me, it was actually the movies I've seen this year.This movie has it's flaws for sure. But the acting, script, direction, design and pace of the movie adds a lot to an already strong and heart breaking story. I was on the edge of my seat and even after the movie ended I couldn't move for a while. A well made film that I recommend to any drama fan. It certainly helped me find my love for movies again.Even with it's flaws I give it a 9.5
good  I still remember watching this movie when I was very little. I did not appreciate it as much then, but now because I am older, I can cherish this blessed masterpiece. The music in this movie is one of the best film scores ever and contains the catchiest Disney tunes. Who could ever forget the ever-popular ballroom scene? This movie, in my opinion was Alan Menken and Howard Ashman's best! I also think that this is the best Disney movie made after the great Walt Disney passed away.I had the opportunity of seeing the Special Edition on IMAX. What an experience! The scenes were breathtaking to see on such a large screen. I even found the new song "Human Again" very entertaining.It's such a shame that Disney hasn't made a movie like this since "Mulan". "Beauty and the Beast" will be forever remembered as the epitome of modern-day Disney movies (and should have won the Best Picture Oscar instead of "The Silence of the Lambs"). Bravo to Disney!
good  The beautiful looking work of Spirited Away will catch you breathless from the get go, but sadly the story will neither entice nor enthrall you enough to stay focused on what's happening. The films story feels rather surreal and incoherent, giving no indication to what and why characters do certain actions. It also fails at being anything near original, muddling up previously used stories and creating one big jumbled mess.Whilst the story of Spirited Away may be hard for some to understand, one cannot leave the film without praising the artwork. It almost makes up for a lack of a coherent storyline, but for the most part the story does leave you wanting to know more; but to know more about what's happening, not about what's going to happen.
good  I was thoroughly entertained by this movie. The writing was excellent, made my wife, youngest son, and myself constantly laugh, which isn't always easy for all 3 of us, simultaneously. The character development for these characters was interesting, as we were shown many facets of their psyche, which made it even more entertaining. I was waiting for the spot in the movie that would make me roll my eyes, as I find in most animated movies I have previously viewed, but it never happened. The adding of the little Minions vignette was hilarious to me, but not my family, which is fine, especially since I haven't seen either one of the Despicable movies, nor the Minion movie. A great family movie, 10 out of a 10 for me was a must...!!
good I fully expected this film to be slightly underwhelming but possibly a bit of fun and I never read any reviews on here or elsewhere before watching it. It was very funny, witty and thoroughly absorbing. The acting was excellent - Matt Smith, as others have said is wonderful - and the production superb. The peculiarities of the novel are self evident and, when the zombie influences are absent, you could think you are watching another excellent version of Pride and Prejudice. I have now read many reviews on here and am pleased to find that many reviewers have given the film praise. The low score is disappointing so I can only assume that many people have just written off the film either not having watched it or are just trying to be clever and above it all. Some reviews I've read are really quite pompous in their approach. If you have an open mind, an imagination and, preferably a liking for both Austen and zombies you will find this film irresistible. I have noticed that some reviewers say this is just a Victorian / zombie romance. It's Georgian, more precisely Regency and, although a romance, is a story of manners. Great stuff.
good  What makes this movie so incredible is that while it is indeed a movie about magicians (or illusionists) it is also a complex character study about how self destructive obsessions are with a sideline love story and a sci-fi twist. A unique plot with an amazing cast--any of whom could believably garner an Oscar nomination. Christian Bale was amazing in one of his rare cockney performances. We already know from Kate and Leopold how well Hugh Jackman plays a distinguished English gent. He's absolutely priceless. Is there any point in discussing Sir Michael Caine? He brings polish to the movie. This is the kind of flick that you can discuss for weeks after. The plot is so detailed and complete and open to interpretation. My friend and I have been discussing various nuances of this film for the past 3 weeks. It definitely stays with you.
good Baywatch is super cheesy, low brow, campy, ridiculous, etc, etc.....but you know what? That's enjoyable sometimes! You don't knowingly buy a ticket to a movie like this and then go write a review afterwards complaining about plot, teenage boy humour, and character development. hahaha. I had low expectations, shut my brain off at the door, and enjoyed this movie for what it was.
good I can only assume a the the majority of this movies budget, has been spent on paying for reviews?! what annoys me more than wasting the 90 minutes watching this film, is feeling the need to waste more time reviewing it. I did, however, hate this film so much that I felt the need to warn you all about it, and I hope then you take my advice and save yourselves! The only thing worse than catching this virus from this movie, would be having to watch this movie again. There was a moment towards then end, where I actually wished I had the virus, just to kill me before the credits rolled. Sadly I do not have the virus and so, survived the entire diabolical 90 minutes desperately hoping for the AHA moment which would have made it all worth it.... The moment did not come.
good "Casino" is a near perfect and almost classic crime film. Why "almost"? Well, in my particular case, it reminds me of "Goodfellas" way too much. You know, the plot, some characters, violence, etc.Being objective, I think "Casino" is very well made. It has excellent Direction courtesy of Mr. Scorcese who once again proves he's a top class act. He created a dynamic, slick, spectacular movie with the aid of avid camera angles and his well known style.The acting is superb. Robert De Niro demonstrates he's one of the most versatile actors in modern film history. His display of different emotions, courage, and temper is outstanding. His character required plenty of temper. Sharon Stone delivers a very good performance. She's a fine actress. Joe Pesci once again shows his incredible talent while portraying mobsters. James Woods and other supporting actors deliver memorable performances.The atmosphere is splendid. You really get to feel the vibe of a casino even if it takes place in another era. The whole gambling, tactics, and obscure interests behind the business is impressing. This should be considered as a classic crime film. The 90's had genre defining movies and "Casino" perfectly follwed the tendency. It brought to cinema something never explored that way and it generated plenty of follow-ups.
good When you think about great cinema, you often imagine some grandiose epic setting which all that greatness builds upon. The likes of Gone With the Wind or Godfather or The Shawshank Redemption, such films span through decades or cover the major historic events.But a great story isn't necessary grand on the outside. Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is like a tiny rabbit hole size of those three wooden screens, but stick a head in - and you'll see a huge empty space laid with people's sorrow, guilt and regret. And that emptiness sucks you in and leaves no way to stay untouched.But there's also hope. Hope for justice. Hope for retribution. And maybe even hope that it's still not too late to change something, or to change yourself. That nothing is absolutely black and white. That even in the darkest moments of our lives there's some room for a sense of humor, maybe a sad and bitter one but still one worth a warm smile.This world is a crooked place, where crime often goes unpunished. And Peter Dinklage's small role in this film, as a reference to another not so pretty world where the "happily ever after" way doesn't quite exist, is a stinging reminder of that. TBOEM does not, however, try to pull the magic sword out of the stone and go crush the wicked and protect the righteous. Instead, it shows that sometimes, crumbling under the weight of the evil things that fall on us, we lose our own limits and become those who sow evil ourselves. Anger does beget even more anger.And maybe the reason that makes America great indeed is that, with all the messed up stuff happening without and within, it's in your culture to value forgiveness, something Christianity teaches everyone but not everyone tends to listen. To suffer without guilt, yet to offer a helping hand to your offender when he's down and wounded. To break the circle of evil and help each other wake that yearning for decency that everyone has inside them, albeit dormant sometimes. Forgiveness is tough, and, just like revenge, it doesn't bring back the things - or people - we've lost. But at least it helps to hold onto what could still be here.Yeah, it's just a movie, and most people aren't as deep and philosophical as the movie characters can afford to be. But if some unrealistic complexity (and sometimes even wisdom) of the simple people could make some real regular people on the other side of the screen stop and think over their own real regular ways, maybe that's exactly what we need from time to time. Because life is still here, and so are the multiple choices it gives, And which road to choose today, we can still decide along the way.
good This movie is supposed to be entertaining, and because it succeeded in that regard as far as I am concerned, it's a very good movie. This is the kind of movie you should watch with a glass of beer in your hand. Enjoy the story for what it is and drink your beer. If you approach this movie with an analytic mind, you're probably not going to enjoy it. The plot's got more holes in it than a Swiss cheese and it shouldn't be treated as a deep, psychological study of the human mind.Who the heck has the patience for that? Just enjoy it on a basic, emotional level and I'm sure you'll have a good time.Enjoy!
good  And yes, I'd consider this more of an action film than Sci/fi since it takes place in contemporary times and locations. Nowadays, it can be hard to distinguish an action film from a video game. In fact there is one coming out soon that appears to be both. I guess studios these days feel that kids need something to see while resting their fingers after long days of playing their Nintendos/Playstations/whatever. So they come up with all of these PG-13 action films that are often mere meditations of comic books, toys, or old TV shows. Looking back at T2, one may find the action films of today sorely lacking in comparison.The story of course deals with Arnold returning from the future to protect a boy who will some day lead the human resistance against a world run by machines. This time Arnold is the good guy (as per Schwarzenegger's request) and he's up against a lethal and much more advanced prototype sent to off the kid. The CGI used to create this new T-1000 terminator was jaw-dropping at the time this was released. Though technology to create such things is now infinitely more available, this has led to problems in my book. Now, there is too much done with computers, and stunts don't seem so wonderful if you know it was all done on a computer. Most of the stunts in T2 were live action and extraordinarily filmed using all types of vehicles and explosives. Director James Cameron really sold these stunts in terms of how he filmed them.Not all directors are a good as Cameron. That is a given. But directors looking at making action films should take note of other strengths found in the construction of T2. First of all, you don't need shaky camera movements to sell to your audience that there is an exciting or crucial scene happening. Here the photography is crisp and detailed. You see everything clearly that you need to see. Right down to the little things. The action sequences are perfectly blocked and the spacing between hostile parties is easy for the audience to figure out. We know who is shooting at who, and how far apart they are from each other. Cameron also made sure his entire cast was proficient with the weapons they were going to fire in the movie. And guns run out of ammunition and need to be re-loaded at appropriate times. Nothing seems artificial in a shootout.I could go on forever pointing out good qualities of this film. Just watching a bit of it on Bravo the other night reminded me why I saw it so many times in the theater. And this film was rated R! And it still made a fortune! That just proves if you make a good product, you don't have to dumb it down or tame it for the kiddies. If it's good enough, they'll find a way to see it! 10 of 10 stars. Unfortunately, the inspiration seems to have left this series with Cameron.The Hound.
good  I was pretty surprised by the reviews, I thought it was a very well made movie even if it does take a lot of direction from movies like Blade Runner, but that's not a bad thing. Very dark but also a sensitive and moving film.
good  This Martin Scorsese film,Casino,depicts Las Vegas--it has a glittering, glamorous face, as well as a brutal, cruel one.It is based on the non- fiction book of the same name by Nicholas Pileggi, who also co-wrote the screenplay for the film with Scorsese.The movie stars Robert De Niro and Joe Pesci as Ace Rothstein and Nicky Santoro respectively, mobsters who move to Las Vegas to make their mark, live and work in this paradoxical world. Seen through their eyes, each as a foil to the other, the details of mob involvement in the casinos of the 1970's and '80's are revealed. Ace is the smooth operator of the Tangiers casino, while Nicky is his boyhood friend and tough strongman, robbing and shaking down the locals. However, they each have a tragic flaw--Ace falls in love with a hustler, Ginger,played by Sharon Stone, and Nicky falls into an ever-deepening spiral of drugs and violence.The movie is definitely one of the best made about the mob.It definitely ranks up there with The Godfather and another Scorsese film,Goodfellas. Excellent story and acting are both characteristics of the movie.The story was great in the sense that it focuses on the excesses of language, of violence, of ambition in the life-styles of the rich and infamous which makes the movie smart from start to finish.Also,great performances were given by the lead stars De Niro,Stone and Pesci. Finally,it reveals to us what is Las Vegas all about - inside and out. A movie that deserves a 10/10 rating!!!!
good  Movie was way better then the original. Serious inaccuracies related to gun ownership in Chicago that seem politically motivated. It is one of the "great" GUN FREE ZONES in America where the laws are the strictest in our Country, yet where a majority of firearm violence and murders takes place. Nice try Hollywood.
good Ford stars as Indiana Jones, an archaeologist adventurer, who spends his time traveling all over the world through jungles, deserts, oceans, and caverns in search for hidden treasureslike the priceless long-lost Ark of the Covenant (the Hebrew sacred artifact that held the supposed Ten Commandments). Unfortunately, a group of treasure-hungry Nazis wants it too, having heard that any army who wins it would receive supernatural powers With his trademark hat, whip, leather jacket, and pistol for backup, our stubborn, intelligent, determined and loyal hero escapes innumerable dangers, evades multiple obstacles including fearsome thugs in a busy Cairo bazaar, and hangs underneath a fast-moving truck in an exciting chase through a road These are only some of the film's incredible set pieces Steven Spielberg likable hero is not invincible, though, facing impossible odds, capable of getting beaten, struck violently, heart broken, and falling asleep after the first kiss The villainsespecially Indy's suave and cultured French rival wearing a Panama hat and white suits, Rene Belloq (Paul Freeman)are not really that much different from him, except in their motivation The shrill heroine, Marion (Karen Allen)is not the girl always in discomfort either, but a resourceful, dynamic and formidable woman who doesn't require the hero at all "Raiders of the Lost Arc" is a perfect package of unforgettable scenes, countless action, humor, astonishing technical effects, thrilling sequences, and terrific performances It was followed by three fun sequels
good Well, Well, Well....I was so ready to tear this down - 19th MCU film, too many stars, bloated CGI, first of a two parter, and so on and so on...Yet, this is so much fun. Pure popcorn...now in the dictionary under "popcorn film" is just the poster for this film. Somehow, the Russo Brothers have juggled all the parts to give everyone some time in the sun. They are helped immensely by two things: the premise is so pure Mcguffin that you just watch Thanos look for Infinity Stones which gives a primal momentum and that the film's stars/characters are looking to move on - that means, actual stakes for once as people could really die and not just comic book dying either.The DC people must be kicking themselves. The lightness and comedic touches are brilliant. You are laughing out loud, comedy level, but at totally organic character humour. It means you are so entertained throughout its rather long running time.The other big surprise is Thanos himself. Normally, I hate CGI characters but somehow they have made Thanos and Josh Brolin work enough to give the character an actual arc. This is one of the better MCU villains and I never thought I would write that.The stakes are real, the charisma levels are amazing, it is like "Oceans 28" and I can't wait for the sequel...that says an enormous amount considering the challenges this film faced.
good Remember I said there was a special place in hell where they torture Hitler with Twilight and Nicolas Sparks movies? Yo dawg, we based a movie on a book based on a Twilight fan fiction so you can remember the horror of Twilight while memorizing the new horror of 50 shades of gray.While advertised as a BDSM erotic movie/book, 50 Shades is rather a rape fantasy. I am thankful the tampon sex scene was not included; that would be an extra nail in the movie's coffin.But I guess the bad writing is not so visible in the movie form; and the average sexually dissatisfied overweight housewife might still enjoy it.
good As a film buff, I love seeing films alone on Saturday afternoons or Friday nights. As as result of my frequent attendance, I have come to know not to expect much from action blockbuster films. Yes, you get your usual incomprehensible hand-to-hand fights, buildings exploding and enemy gunfire as inaccurate as ever, with the inevitably minimal plot and screenplay. As the ending credits rolled, I stood up thinking "ehhh". The film definitely had some amazingly entertaining action sequences and awesome special effects, but you know, you can't really be THAT amazed with an action film. Not gonna lie, the screenplay in this film was pretty well written, and it included quite a few pleasantly surprising laughs. Dwayne Johnson has a big few months ahead of him with the release of Snitch (which I give a 7/10), the next Fast and Furious movie, and Pain & Gain. With this film, he did reinforce his true acting credentials, even though not much notable acting is observed in such a genre. All in all, if you're expecting something like Olympus Has Fallen, you might be dissatisfied. If you go in like me, with no true expectations other than hoping for some entertainment, you might like what you see.
good "Network" is the satirical movie written by Paddy Chayefsky, and directed by Sidney Lumet. The main character, Howard Beele, was a respected news anchor who hit a slump. When he's fired from his desk, he finally snaps. His ravings reveal the truth, and he is soon dubbed "The Mad Prophet of the Airwaves." Today, in the age of trash TV, "Network" still has significance. There are several aspects of the story that ring true today with TV news: the sacrifice of journalistic integrity in the scramble for ratings, and media bias fueled by sweetheart deals by rich special interests. Knowing that this exists in the world is enough to make anyone mad as hell.
good  You may admire the hair detail on Sully the Yeti's arm, but you will be amazed at the warmth of characterization in `Monsters, Inc.,' surpassing even the great `Shrek' earlier this year. Goodman and Crystal are a comedic team reminiscent of the zaniest Martin and Lewis days. Crystal's Borscht-belt routines brought smiles even to this jaded and admittedly tough-on-comedy critic.  I thought Eddie Murphy's donkey in `Shrek' was smart and funny; Crystal's one-eyed monster is even better with its wry and annoying wit.Cleaning the environment of child contamination is a hilarious conceit that turns around the usual fears children have of monsters in closets.  It is also a chilling parallel to the challenge of removing anthrax from today's letters. Generally, the allegorical underpinnings of animation are natural for the medium, powerful like the images of the novel `Animal Farm' for political and sociological levels of meaning.  For example, the endless-door motif in this film is an ingenious metaphor for the scary and glorious possibilities the present and future hold for kids.Even before you see this feature, Pixar offers the short feature `For the Birds' -- a brilliant takeoff on Hitchcock's memorable film besides being a great commentary on diversity. The expressions around the animated eyes, as the little birds deal with the big bird interloper, are more expressive than those of most contemporary film actors, with the exception of Brando, Pacino, Depp, and Streep.The short trailer for `Star Wars II: Attack of the Clones' may precede the showing as it did ours for an added delight.`Monsters, Inc.' is the best animated feature this year and one of the greatest of all time.
good In an age of dark, grim visions of the future Disney's Tomorrowland is a delightful throwback to upbeat adventures of the 60s and 80s, a retro sci-fi film for the whole family to enjoy.Casey Newton (Britt Robertson) is a bright and optimistic high school student who does not share the pessimistic views of elders. When Casey discovers a mysterious pin that shows her fantastic world and sets out to find the futuristic city with the help of a jaded inventor, Frank Walker (George Clooney) and Athena (Raffey Cassidy), an English-accented Audio-Animatronics.Tomorrowland is a deliberately old-fashioned film both its tone and visuals: the film was loosely based on the Disney ride of the same name - considering that Disney were able to turn Pirates of the Caribbean into a billion dollar film series. Bird was a wise choice to direct and co-write, The Incredibles had a 60s style sci-fi look to it and he brought that look to Tomorrowland. It was bright and colourful with its showing of various technologies, from robots, jetpacks, lasers and a steampunk rocket.Brad Bird has already shown himself to be a capable action director with Mission Impossible: Ghost Portrayal and with Tomorrowland he had much better CGI. There are some cool fight sequences, especially with Athena - it is awesome to see a little girl beating up fully grown men and giant robots. Tomorrowland is visually spectacular especially when we get to see the city in all its glory for the first time. Bird certainly brought out a sense of awe, whimsy and wonder.Tomorrowland also has a great trio in the leads: Clooney, Robertson and Cassidy are terrific together, having many witty moments together when they are travelling and there is a zip in their interactions, like when they use a knock-out tool. Although Robertson's look too old to be a high schooler she pushes off the necessary enthusiasm. But it was Cassidy who stole the show: she was a revelation as Athena, playing a character who was older than she actually looked and at times acts a Terminator. She personally reminded me of Saoirse Ronan when she was younger, just with dark hair.Although Tomorrowland had a talented director at the helm it also had a screenplay with Damon Lindelof's fingerprints, a man who has poor reputation as a screenwriter. As an adventure Tomorrowland is excellent but when it goes to the science fiction the film gets bogged down with mumbo-jumbo about time particles and destiny. This part needed to be expanded and more refined. When it's revealed that Tomorrowland was a place for exceptional people to come to where they would not disrupted by government or civil society. Essentially this is similar to Ayn Rand's Atlas Shrugged, a controversial sci-fi work that abdicates the philosophy of Objectivism, or if you prefer it's the ideology of Andrew Ryan in Bioshock. The prologue at the 1964 World's Fair could have been cut and it would have made the reveals more impactful.Tomorrowland is a good of romp of a film, providing plenty of laughs, action and visual spectcle. It was rated a 12A in the UK but it is on lower scale of that rating and could easily be enjoyed by children younger than that age.
good I'm very mixed on Clint Eastwood's filmography especially in recent years. He is responsible for some great work from behind the camera but that hasn't really been the case in recent years. The 15:17 to Paris looked a bit bland and like a run of the mill affair when it comes to recreation of recent global events in film. It didn't help that critics weren't too pleased but of course, I then remembered that I never listen to critics. I'll tell you, the film is flawed and has slow passages but I liked it more than I thought I would.The film is based on the real life events about a train that had a terror attack foiled on its way from Amsterdam to Paris. The attack was stopped primarily by three men who were best friends growing up. One of them attempts to join the military and the film focuses on his trials to make it in the military, his relationship with his friends, and his quest to find out what his purpose is and how he can truly save some lives.The first note that needs to be made about the film is that the three lead actors cast in the film are the actual three who acted during the real life incident. With that however, comes a loss in quality of acting in the film. I get that Eastwood wanted to go with an authentic element by having the guys who lived it tell the story, but you could just tell that these weren't actors as they weren't always convincing or delivering lines properly. The film does spend an extended amount of time going into backstory as well which a times was quite noticeable.Otherwise, I enjoyed it. Some of the cinematography and locations (especially when the cast is on vacation) is gorgeous. The last twenty minutes or so are quite intense and satisfying. The event was something that isn't enough to warrant an entire feature film so I get that we had to go off point. Was the film necessary? No. It is however better than some of the stuff I've seen from Eastwood in recent years so I'll take it.6.5/10
good  it is indeed a poem!i'm aware of the fact that not everyone is going to enjoy this movie.. it's not about "getting it" or not.. it's about a certain sensibility.. you have to be receptive to it.. if you are able and willing to get lost in the movie's atmosphere you'll certainly love it.. i love it..what an incredibly intensive tale.. so deeply sad and poetic.. and the score! particularly the score.. it's a piece of art..just overwhelming
good The Secret Life of Pets (2016) is probably one of Illuminations best. Not being a huge fan of Minions (2015) I was happy that Illumination and Universal Pictures could pull off another good project just like the first Despicable Me (2010). The Secret Life of Pets (2016) is a fun lighthearted animation comedy aimed more towards younger children. One of the main characters named snowball (Kevin Hart) can be quite scary towards more sensitive younger viewers but his behavior is all comedic. It is great but not the highlight of the summer. Movies like Central Intelligence (2016) and Finding Dory (2016) took the top spots though. The movie is a bit of fun for families with younger children who want a 90 minute film with plenty of giggles and smiles. Louis C.K plays Max the main protagonist and Eric Stonestreet plays Duke the co-protagonist. All in all The Secret Life of Pets gives viewers a fun and energetic movie.
good  The first thing that should be said is that this is most definitely more than a Holocaust movie. Although that dreadful event stands firmly in the background, this movie is really about one man's struggle for survival. The one man is Polish Jewish pianist Wladyslaw Szpilman. Adrien Brody played that lead role, and he played it well. Szpilman comes across as both pitiful in his desperation to survive but at the same time as noble in his desperation to survive. Brody portrays him as a man with great dignity. It was a challenging role, because as the movie progresses, there's less and less dialogue for the simple reason that almost everyone except Szpilman has been taken by the Nazis. Brody ends up playing long stretches without voice, but it doesn't stop him from rendering a brilliant portrait of the man, whose friends and family are gone and who simply tries to live day by day hoping for a way out of this madness. Just as haunting are extended scenes in which director Roman Polanski simply shows us a devastated Warsaw - not just the Jewish ghetto, but other parts of the city as well. The scenes of rubble, the scenes of innocent people being gunned down in the street by German soldiers - sometimes just for sport, without any other obvious reason, the scenes of burned out buildings. It's all haunting.For all that - and all that was very good - there was something about the story that didn't really click with me. For some strange reason I found it difficult to follow and I did think that at almost two and a half hours it was a little bit too long. As much as was accomplished in that running time could have been accomplished in two hours flat. It's a good movie, but just failed to reach the level of greatness that some have assigned to it. 6/10
good  WOW is all I have to say. I read most of the (negative) reviews and everyone hating on Will and Amy but I'm unclear what everyone expects - from Will and Amy?! THIS film was their type of comedy - stupid enjoyable fun, and they finally pulled it off to perfection! I want to be clear, although a fan, I'm not a huge fan of either, but they nailed their roles and the comedy in this film that they redeemed themselves and I am now a huge fan of both! Nothing Amy has done in the past has ever made me laugh until now. This is finally the comedy from Will that I've been waiting for from his earlier days.A bunch of us went to see this and we were in stitches and crying in laughter - and no, we were not drunk or high! This is the funniest comedy I've seen this year and for that matter in a long time. It was very well written and directed and actually had an entertaining (and for a change) different type of story. All the actors were on point!Props to everyone involved! I really wish I could find out from all you 'supposedly' Will fans what more you all expected?It's the perfect comedy and if anyone thinks this is a fake review, check out my over 300 reviews and hundreds of ratings!A perfect 10/10 from me and I hope there is a part 2 very soon!
good Saw Skyline a few times and thought hmmm what an interesting concept. Self Repairing ships, hypnotizing lights, Mutated humans who control enemy drones. This time around i was a bit surprised they started off the movie the way they did and not from the end credits scene from the first. Overall the movie was enjoyable but the ending was a bit too cheesy. Where do they go from there? p.s- movie actually took time to explain that the aliens needed humans to power their soldiers which the most of the idiots who watched the first one didn't understand. Everything needs to be spoon-fed to people these days for people to understand.
good  The Terminator (1984) is a masterpiece, the best sci-fi action classics horror movie that started all the Terminator movies. This is Schwarzenegger's best movie and my personal favorite action film. I love this film to death it is my childhood film I grew up with it. Arnold Schwarzenegger was The Terminator T-800 Model 101 indestructible killing machine cyborg. This movie is brilliant, it has brilliant story, brilliant plot, excellent additional cast, brilliant director and writers, good special effects, it is mixed with sci-fi, action and horror. This movie deals with the war that was set in the future but the battle will be fought in the present. It deals with paradox travel trough time."It can't be bargained with. It can't be reasoned with. It doesn't feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop... ever, until you are dead! "This is the perfect action film of all time and still even today over 30 years it is a cult classic. The plot and the script provides excellent dialogues. Why it is brilliant? Imagine someone did something in the future and didn't know about it and becomes a primal target for extermination from a killer cyborg from the future now in the present. That is brilliant and excellent idea and story.Two naked men appear in different locations in los Angeles trough flash blue light and electricity they were both set in time from the year 2029 to the present year 1984. One is a human the other is an indestructible cyborg reprogramed to find and kill Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) the woman whose unborn son will become humanity's only hope in the future war against the machines. The other men is a human being a soldier from the future who has to find Sarah Connor and protect her at all cost. That's the basically plot for this film.James Cameron writes and directs this film with his than wife Gale Anne Hurd who also produced this film and they both does that brilliantly. The script with the story provides a perfect action entertainment trough whole film.Brad Fiedel does a wonderful music theme for The Terminator character and action sequences, car chases and does a drama in which Sarah and Kyle have sex together in the motel room. That's how John was later in the sequel born. Great music score for the film. I love the soundtracks from this film: Photoplay  and Burnin' in the Third Degree by Tryanglz.Arnold Schwarzenegger was at the top of his career. This movie bring his career at top of the action stars. Arnold is excellent and he performs excellent and acts brilliant as The Terminator. At one time his agent pursued Schwarzenegger to play the action hero, but Schwarzenegger wasn't interested to be an action hero he was interested to be The Terminator and he played brilliantly well and believable enough. Before Sarah Connor was a tough bad-ass gun guerilla squad in the sequels, here she was a scared victim. A beautiful young woman who was a waitress at the diner and was just a human being leaving a teenage normal life in Los Angeles. Linda Hamilton is the only Sarah Connor no else can replace her. She is beautiful and smart and it is my favorite Linda Hamilton movie. She acts very realistic, brilliant and perfectly as the scared victim. Linda Hamilton is the best of the film.Michael Biehn is the only Sgt. Kyle Reese no one else is or can replace him. He is excellent and brilliant I still prefer Corporal Dwayne Hicks but Kyle Reese is my favorite character from Michael Biehn he is a perfect action hero. I love Kyle Reese because he doesn't kill any human being. Lance Henriksen from Aliens and Hard Target is in here and he plays Detective Hal Vukovich and he is very good and realistic as the detective.Paul Winfield is Lieutenant Ed Traxler first he doesn't believe Kyle Reese story but later he witness it him self. I wish there wouldn't be deleted scene in which Kyle and Sarah finds Traxler dying and he gives Kyle a gun. This movie has ton's of action: You see a lot of automatic weapons, shotguns and handguns used in this film and they are used well. You have a car chase between The Terminator and Kyle Reese with Sarah and both men are shooting at each other. Terminator has a stolen Police car and Kyle fires his shotgun and hits twice the Terminator once in the eye. The Terminator than crashes with the car in the wall. In the next scene you see Terminator's eye bloody. You have a great car chase by the end of the film Terminator with truck tries to kill Sarah but Kyle put's a pipe bomb in the truck and you see a huge explosion the truck explodes great special effect. Terminator shoot's with an IMI Uzi in Tech Noir night club. Killing bunch of people in which Kyle stops him with a shotgun. Terminator crash with the car in the police station and kills almost 19 cops.When we see The Terminator been all burned out without flesh with only been endoskeleton covered with steel with his red eyes glowing that is scary when he chases Sarah is scary when I was 6 years old I screamed when I saw that skeleton cyborg attacking Kyle and Sarah. The Terminator is a 1984 American science-fiction action film directed by James Cameron.10/10 Bad-Ass Seal Of Approval The Terminator is a masterpiece a science fiction action horror film, a film I love to death and it is my personal favorite Schwarzenegger film. This is Schwarzenegger's best film with Predator and Terminator 2: Judgment Day I highly recommend those three films.
good I first saw this film on the BBC when it was aired in it's mini series format. I was 13 at the time and was totally blown away by it. Up until then, the only war films i had seen were gung-ho movies, with GI's firing tommy guns from the hip at hoardes of evil Nazis. To see a film that showed 'the enemy' as human beings, with hopes, fears and dreams was something else to a 13 yr old kid. As i grew up i began to understand more about the second world war and was able to make up my own mind as to whether the 'evil Nazis' were all that the cinema portrayed them to be, but 'Das Boot' always stuck at the back of my mind as an outstanding example of how to show fighting men, from what ever side, in the best possible way.Lots of people rave about 'Saving Private Ryan' being the ultimate WW2 film. Although good, it isn't a patch on Das Boot. The Boat has everything; Fine actors, an excellent script (which doesn't deviate from the Novel at all) and excellent hand-held camera work, supported by brilliant lighting, and 20 years before 'Private Ryan' too!Das Boot is an excellent example of how to depict the horrors of war without resorting to a blood and gore fest and it remains a film that everyone should see it it's entirity at least once.
good I had the opportunity for a sneak preview of this movie. And I purposely knew nothing about it going in. Wow, what a pleasant surprise! Great heartfelt lead performances, well-written and compelling story line, beautiful setting, and I need to get the soundtrack. The country music written specifically for this movie is PERFECT! I absolutely LOVED this movie and am telling all my friends and acquaintances that they should go see it!
good  ... it's perhaps a test of a person's outlook to ask them what they see in the final scene. If they've never seen City Lights before and they instantly notice the major continuity issue (Chaplin holds a flower to his lapel from the rear shot, it's up to his mouth on his close up) then maybe they've placed film studies over romance.It took a few viewings before I spotted this, and once I did I can't help but notice it. Yet even despite this, I never fail to get choked up on the beauty of that final scene. If you want to impress the right kind of girl, put it on and show her what a sensitive soul you are during those final moments.As for the rest of the film, then while the final five minutes are classic and perhaps the best thing Chaplin ever did, the rest of it is episodic and patchy, necessitating my relatively low score. Still a fine film, but never a completely great one, what presages those beautiful final moments is merely fine entertainment.
good Well, when i was going to see this movie, i had really high hopes that it would match up with the books at least MOST of the time... which it did, for at least the first half of the movie. they pretty much crammed the first book into the first half of the movie. up until the digging-up of Darren's "grave", the movie matched the book very well. Then, it seemed that the people who wrote the script for the movie and the director wanted to rush the movie (a bit TOO much) to cram in the first three books worth of info. not to mention, they introduced a new character (the monkey girl) into the story, and she wasn't even IN the book series, and also replaces one of the principal characters in the books. also, in the book series, the first meeting between Darren and Steve after Darren is blooded shouldn't have been that dramatic and should NOT have led to a fight. ALSO, the fight with Murlaugh was supposed to take place in the sewers of the city where Larten grew up. the fight should NOT have been in the theater. and Darren's family was NOT supposed to become involved, because they HAD to think he was dead! in my opinion, the directors should have just used the first TWO books, so they would have had more time to buff up some of the more important details and plug up some of the plot holes.other than that... awesome movie, i really loved it
good  "Les Diaboliques" has one of the best plots you will ever find in any mystery or suspense thriller.  The excellent directing, acting, and writing combine with the story itself to make it a memorable experience.If you enjoy quality mysteries or thrillers, you will almost certainly enjoy this one - and if you have not seen it yet, you might just want to buy or rent it now, before you read any more reviews.  This comment will avoid any discussion at all of the actual plot itself, because the less you know in advance, the more you will enjoy it.  The few implausible elements in the story do not detract at all from the enjoyment.A great plot does not all by itself make a good movie, and everything works especially well here because of the expert pacing by director Henri-Georges Clouzot and good, mostly understated acting by the main actors.  We are drawn into their world very nicely.  Everything about the characters and events is built up perfectly, to give the brilliant climax its full effect. Once again, see it before you find out any more.Even if you do not normally watch black-and-white films or foreign movies (this is in French), if you enjoy thrillers, watch "Les Diaboliques" as soon as you have the chance.
good Pixar has an impeccable filmography, but even with ten films, Pixar's first animated film still it's best one. This movie show some kind of magic, that I can't explain, and just fascinates me.Revolutionary, "Toy Story" was the first of all the great 3D animated movie. It's voice casting is just perfect, Tom Hanks and Tim Allen give memorable performances (Like the scene where Woody yells at Buzz "You are a toy!") making this movie unforgettable. The animation itself is great, although nowadays animated movies are a little bit better animated. The songs in this film are moving and exciting sometimes, witch gives a beautiful touch to the movie.But that's not the best part of it. The problems and dilemmas that the characters experience, are so good, that it may sound a little too complex to a kid's movie, the fact that buzz can't be real astronaut and that he has to settle with being just a toy is just brilliant, and like I said before, uncommonly intelligent. And also the situation where Woody has to prove his "Ex-friends" that he didn't kill Buzz, that is for me what makes this film different than any other animated film ("UP" also has an intelligent plot, but the execution is not as good as this one).Verdict: Magical, touching, and quite brilliant, "Toy Story" is a lot of fun.
good  What made this the hugely successful triumph it was? Was it casting, music, imagination, ingenuity, or luck?I remember opening day at the theaters. I was old enough to remember every scene, every character, every nuance of this film; having committed it to memory forever, as if I would never again be able to see this beloved, instantly loved masterpiece.I also remember that the HIT factor of this movie was so unexpected that you had to wait literal MONTHS to get the action figures promised on the cereal boxes. The pieces were still in the manufacturing process and we had to settle for coupons promising our toys in a few months. I wound up seeing this in the theaters a grand total of 36 times; much to my mother's dismay. She loved the movie as I did, but felt I was obsessed. Today, thirty years later, sitting here writing this review, I realize how right she was. I'm still obsessed with this movie, and with the subsequent movies which followed. I wait in great anticipation for Episode 3. I'm a fan, and I don't care what other people say about Episodes 1 & 2. I don't even mind the "prequel" factor, as the situation at the time, dictated to Lucas which movies he would do first.See, I remember the studios saying to him that he had to choose from the three central climactic books, and trash the rest, or just trash the whole idea. He didn't exactly "sell out," he did what he had to do to get his movie...his vision...out there for us to see and experience. I admired his decision then, and I admire it now. Episodes 1-3 are being filmed now, because Lucas had the clout, the money, and the patience to give us his vision...his complete vision and not just the three center books of a 9-book series. I realize that now, there are dozens of books, but at the time, there were nine. And while most of us were happy with Episodes 4-6 and would not have missed 1-3 and 7-9, I personally am so very glad he has taken it upon himself to give us his full vision. I have enjoyed each and every installment with the same sense of awe and joy as I did this one.The casting was the first triumph for this cinematic milestone. Ford is a charismatic and magnetic personality and portrayed Han with a professionalism that you'd expect from more seasoned actors. Sir Alec Guiness is an absolute joy as Obi Wan. His casting was precise and excellent in that part. Carrie Fisher portrayed Leia in a way that, up until then, had never been experienced. Most "princess" types before her were whining, whimpering, little snots who were incapable of anything beyond tripping and twisting their ankle in times of peril, while Fisher portrayed her character as a bold, brazen, yet sophisticated and educated woman who was aware of her surroundings and capable of defending herself and her realm with the utmost authority.And Mark Hamil. He was perfectly cast as the whining little boy who wanted more, but was afraid to reach for it. He grows up quite well on film in these three installments, and endears himself to the audience so much the more for it. But a cast member who is almost always left out of these reviews is Peter Mayhew. Chewbacca. His character, as a supporting character to Han's, was exemplary. It's not easy portraying a walking carpet, yet holding the attention, admiration, and love of virtual millions. I am VERY happy about his being cast as Chewy in Episode 3. Couldn't happen to a more deserving...or capable...fellow. Bravo! And James Earl Jones's voice being used as the voice of Darth Vader, was pure genius. His commanding voice haunted the dreams of countless thousands of star-struck children for generations to come. I also have to say that this movie would not have had the charm it does had it not been for Anthony Daniels' C3P0. He is a gift and a joy.The musical score by John Williams featured in this masterpiece was one of the contributing factors. But honestly, this movie's success was such a total surprise to everyone, including Lucas, that nothing could prepare the world for the aftermath of having witnessed this bona fide legend, first hand.The story itself; replete with sub-plot after sub-plot, rich in dialog and detail, was beyond anyone's greatest expectations. Everyone, including Lucas, expected this movie to fail. It is a timeless classic, which I will not repeat here. There are too many movie reviews giving full details of the plot, and I won't be redundant beyond what I have already said.However, that being said, there are a few points I would like to make concerning the symbolism of this endeavor. The Force is a metaphor for the psychic abilities with which we are all born. It was also a metaphor for hope and faith, dedication and commitment to the greater state of being. The Empire is said to have been a metaphor for the Germanic Nazi "storm troopers." While the Rebellion is said to have been symbolic of (what would later become) the NATO forces who defeated them.And then there are the effects. The effects were, in 1977, so awesome; so creative; so ahead of their time, as to ensure this movie's vast success for the next forty years. George Lucas enjoys an almost god-like status among sci-fi/fantasy fans worldwide.This movie does not rate a rating. Usually, when I say that, it is because the movie is so bad, or disappointing that I don't have the heart to rate it. But in this case, it far surpasses any 10/10 rating I could give it.The Fiend :.
good I love this show. It has good acting and several of my favorite actors are on this show, Kim Coates, from Sons of Anarchy and Vincent Philip D'Onofrio, from Law and order Criminal Intent. The plot is good and is about a town that is being hunted by violent Ghost. There are several twist and turns which I won't reveal but it leaves me wanting to see what will happen next. If you like supernatural shows then give this one a chance. It is entertaining and will satisfy your craving for a solid supernatural TV show.
good I don't remember ever reviewing a movie here, but I decided to come at the rescue of this movie...I really enjoyed this movie and I go against the reviews which once more put it in the "average around 6.0 score" where so many other scary movies are standing.I consider myself a horror/scary amateur and I have seen many movies of this kind, and since the last 10 years, its getting harder to find some that makes you say "ok, this was a bit different".... (of course there are some, but in my opinion over the large quantity, only over 20% are passing the "not too bad" test").For once, we don't have to bear some stupid teenagers partying for spring break in the forest, some people behaving so stupidly that you think "seriously ??", a haunted house, a possession, or a redneck hillbilly family... Here the movie has a lot of a "realistic" touch to it, the characters are normal and they could be us, normal people behaving normally in the face of danger and fear and that reinforce the attachment for the characters. Many times I wondered, "damn, i dont know what I would have done in this situation".The mood is nicely growing more and more stressing and not much of the "monster" is shown for a long time, letting the viewer finding out slowly about the real horror happening in those woods. The change of scenery (Swedish forest) and the isolation of the characters reinforce the idea that nature in itself can be scary and that even a friendly country like Sweden can appear in another light...The last quarter of the movie is a bit more conventional to the genre but still not falling in all the clichés. I especially raise a thumb up for the creature design and the explanation on what it is. Probably not all will approve, but I liked the way this was going and when learning what the creature really was, I wondered "would I try to fight against that or give up ?"So yeah, this movie is not THE movie of the year for me, but for sure, it is totally over many of the "i watch and I forget" movie that I've been seing in horror recently. I recommend.
good  Intense courtroom drama which has 12 very different people, all males, struggling with a murder case involving a young Puerto Rican boy that seems cut-and-dried. However, juror Henry Fonda does not believe it to be as sure-fire as it appears. He votes not guilty and what follows is a chain of events that will test the views, beliefs and thoughts of the other 11 members. Fonda is great, but Lee J. Cobb steals every scene (and that is not easy to do in a film like this). Ed Begley, Martin Balsam, Jack Warden, Jack Klugman, Joseph Sweeney, E.G. Marshall and John Fiedler are among the other individuals caught in a situation that is much more difficult than it appears on the surface. An excellent character-study that should be studied and embraced by all present and future film-makers. 5 stars out of 5.
good  That's the only way I can explain these rave reviews and 8.2 average. Because if you come into the movie actually looking for a great story with great acting and diverse, interesting characters, well, you won't get it. But if you've decided you like "hip, cool, wise cracking British gangsters" and Guy Ritchie's ADD style of directing before you even sit down, then you'll decide this is just what you thought it would be, and give it a 10.That's the only way I can fathom how people thought this was a great movie, let alone a good movie. I mean, if you take every cliché ever put into a gangster film and rehash it with tommy gun rapidity, that's the first 15 minutes of Snatch. And it just keeps going, and going. I got so bored with it, I stopped watching. So maybe it's really great in the end? I doubt it...
good  My Rating: **** out of ****. Steven Spielberg is one of the best American directors working today. He has made many films that have been hailed as classics. Yet before the Dinosaurs, Holocaust, Peter Pan, UFO's, and Indy there was the Shark. Jaws represents one of the masterpieces on Spielbergs resume. It is also probably the "Quintessential Spielberg Film." Jaws was very popular when released, it was the gighest grossing film of 1975. It spawned three sequels, which were all inferior. In fact, no film about Sharks or any killer fish has been able to come close to the level of Jaws. The genius in Jaws is its ability to build suspense. The Shark is never really shown till near the end of the film. When ever the Shark is approaching its victims, we get the Sharks point of view, instead of seeing the Shark. These POV shots combined with John Williams very effective score, make the scenes when the Shark is about to devour his victims much more effective. Evry actor does a nice job with their performances. Roy Scheider brings Martin to life. Martin is not a showy character but Scheider is able to make us like him. Richard Dreyfuss exhibits energy in his performance as Matt Hooper. Robert Shaw is very effective as Quint, that Indiannapolis speech is still very chilling to me. Lorraine Gary and Murray Hamilton also give solid support. People always talk about how fake the Shark looks. I think its passable but today it would definitely be done by CGI. However, the Shark is not seen that much in the film so its not that big of a deal. I would like to say Jaws is Spielbergs best film, Schindlers List closely follows. But I would like to see Close Encouners and the Indiana Jones films again. I did not like Close Encounters the first time, and I like the Indiana Jones films but they never stood out to me. If these films dont surpass Jaws, then it is definitely Spielberg's best film.
good  I think the trailers don't do justice to the movie in regard to showing the real quality of it. The movie has amazing visual effects and wonderful original characters. People thought the movie is actually more about WOMEN, but I can assure you that the Huntsman (Chris Hemsworth) has a quite important and major role, but I think his scenes were overshadowed in the trailers. The three female leads are AMAZING. Apart from looking gorgeous, all three are incredibly talented and badass. I wished Raveena (Charlize Theron) had much more scenes, but she owns every scene she is in. One of my favourite actresses is Jessica Chastain and everyone who likes her will be much pleased, since she has many great and powerful scenes. She is a real badass. Her profession does not consist of constantly looking beautiful or feminine, as she presents here a very strong, masculine, yet emotional warrioress. I love how she always plays dominant and characterful figures who are also inspiring and compelling. You can easily follow how she changes her facial expressions, one second she is very tough, then suddenly she becomes very romantic and vulnerable. A terrific actress.Everyone who likes the first one, will surely like this one, too, since it has lots of fairy tale traits (apart from Snow White). There are very very dark scenes, which I loved, but there are also humorous and light scenes where the balance is really well made. I think you shouldn't hesitate and go enjoy this beautifully made movie with great performances. Everyone who loves fantasy and fairy tales should watch and recommend the movie to others.
good  In 1994 tensions are high in Rwanda between the ruling Hutus and the Tutsis rebels while the UN tries to broken a peace agreement. This is of little interest to Paul Rusesabagina, a Hutu with a Tutsis wife whose position within a leading hotel means he has to curry favour with many officials and smoothing over any potential problems at every turn. When the Hutu president is assassinated, a massacre of Tutsis begin  adults and children alike. With the UN unable to take action due to the indifference of the West the murders continue and Paul finds himself with a hotel, evacuated of important whites but full of Tutsis refugees as the Hutus seek to finish the job they started.I'm not entirely sure how one can review this film with a clear mind because no matter how good or bad a film it is, it is near impossible not to left shaken by the events it depicts. The plot follows the story of Paul Rusesabagina, who pulled all the strings he could to protect the Tutsis refugees who wound up in his hotel during the genocide by the Hutus. In this regard we are given a way into the atrocities through this specific story and this is both a strength and a weakness in the telling. The strength is that it gives us a focal point and a point of emotional connection that we can relate to and see a human face in the way that the terrifying numbers do not. However the downside of this is that it makes the story smaller than it could have been and puts the scale of atrocities outside of our direct view for the majority. It also means that it produces a "happy" ending that leaves you with a sense of some respite (not to mention the obligatory "African" song). This was a problem for me because the film had succeeded in gutting me at points and I didn't want to be left with any upbeat note  I wanted to go away feeling just like the foreign photographer did; "f**king ashamed".However considering what the film does well, it is petty and unfair to make a bit issue out of the fact that the narrative is occasionally a bit clunky and perhaps that the depiction of the genocide doesn't go far enough. Even without graphic violence and more than one scene of actual horror the film still sickened me to my stomach, had me almost shaking with anger and fear while at the same time failing to prevent tears rolling. Like many viewers I knew little more than a genocide occurred and couldn't have told you which side was killing the other  this is not ignorance on my behalf but just the fact that the West ignored this and stood by while it occurred while the media gave it little or no coverage. The film depicts this very well giving us enough horror and enough human emotion mixed with an understanding of the West's attitude to produce an impression of an event that is indefensible and truly, truly horrific. The characters are quite broadly painted but they do enough to give us an understanding of what occurred. While I do feel that the film could have shown more and been wider, the close focus on the hotel and the Rusesabagina's means that we are never far from understanding the true extent of horror and just how much of a reality death is  Paul does not discuss how his family will survive if the hotel is stormed, only how they will die in the least horrific way.Matching the tone of the film are two performances that blow away everyone they were nominated with at the 2005 Oscars. Cheadle's accent in Ocean's 11 was the worst cockney this side of Mary Poppins but here he gets the accent and mannerisms just right and made me forget that he was an American. His character changes throughout the film and he copes with it really well, producing a character that is easy to get behind and provides a very human face to the story. Okonedo is superb and is almost impossible to watch without being moved to tears more than once. Nolte is effectively gruff although he is less a character than he is a symbol of how ineffective the UN was at the time. In a similar vein Phoenix is excellent in a small role although really I could have done with a few less starry cameos as they tended to distract from the main material. Outside of the lead two, the actors are not given as much to work with as the lead two but Cheadle and Okonedo are superb and match the emotional impact of the material.Overall this is not a perfect film; it didn't quite go far enough and the focus on a small group tended to conceal the scale of the genocide. However this is a minor complaint because the film is devastatingly effective and is impossible to watch without feeling lost, helpless and utterly ashamed for our inaction. This is not an easy watch and will not be a fun night out for the audience but for many reasons it deserves as large an audience as possible.
good Such a funny movie, we were gasping for air from laughter during some of the scenes. Thank you for letting us escape reality for a couple of hours!
good Good-natured and funny comedy has Bullock perfectly cast as an uptight, tomboyish federal agent who—for the first time in her entire life—decides to embrace her femininity after she's assigned to go undercover at a beauty pageant to try and apprehend an elusive criminal. She's never even worn a dress, much less makeup and accessories, and the results are hilarious as she tries to do her job and be a credible contestant as well. Film's setup and execution are predictable, yet kept afloat by a meaningful story, good lines, and big time laughs. Bullock is as appealing as she's ever been, and surrounded here by a first-rate supporting cast. ***
good  This movie ranks among the best I have ever seen. It keeps you guessing. There is nothing cliche. It is an original. The 4 main characters are superb, and make the story very believable. I recommend Wildling to anyone and everyone who wants to see a movie that is both different and entertaining from start to finish. I will definitely watch this one again.
good In the 80s and early 90s, there were a number of movies that may not have had the most solid story, but what the they lacked in story they more than made up for in action, all kinds of mindless action that any red blooded American could sink his teeth into. 1991's "Stone Cold" is a perfect example of this; despite not having the best written story or being the best produced film, you still can't help but be entertained. The film follows the story of a rough and tough cop Joe Huff (Brian Bosworth, aka The Boz, former NFL player who tried his hand at acting and while he may not be a great actor, he does do a decent job for the role) who is forced to go undercover in a vicious biker gang known as The Brotherhood, who's motto is "God Forgives, the Brotherhood Doesn't" (a motto that was almost certainly borrowed from the American Outlaw Association or Outlaws MC, their's being "God Forgives, Outlaws Don't). While going undercover, the Boz faces all sorts of dangers, be it from fights, guns, knives, explosions, but above all, from the gang's infamous leader, Chains Chopper, played by the always entertaining Lance Henriksen. Even though this is far from being standard A material, Lance dives into his character, producing one of the best bona fide psychopaths in the history of action cinema and thus making the movie all the more better because of it. You also have William Forsythe in an equally menacing role of Ice, Chains' right hand man and constant bump in the road for the Boz. Then there is the beautiful Arabella Holzbog (sadley, I can't seem to find any info on her) as Nancy, Chains' old lady (biker slang for wife or girlfriend) who ends up falling for Huff, not realizing that he is a cop which leads to tragic results. All in all, if you're a guy and in the mood for a man's man movie, filled with plenty of action and hot naked women, plus some really nice motorcycles, then "Stone Cold" would be a great way to spend some time on Sat night. Also starring Sam McMurray and Richard Gant. 8 out of 10. PS Although this is more of a man's movie, women may get some enjoyment out of seeing Bosworth without a shirt and, in one scene, wearing nothing but a speedo. Hint guys, this a good way to sell this to your wife or girlfriend for movie night.
good Disobedience A lesbian love story, depicting the longing and repression aspects of a forbidden love, which essentially makes it a greater romance film. It also holds a greater social message. The film tells people that it is okay to choose to become anything, even if it is something else, in the sense that it's against social norms or expectations. Some people are born into societies that don't receive them well, they by all means have the rights to decide themselves what exactly they want to do. Everyone is free to choose. Hence the name of the film, disobedience. Although the first impression of the title hints an act that's frowned upon, but as the film progresses it unfolds itself and reveals to be a story about self-liberation, acceptance and compromise. In the end we see that the love story does not progress in the direction that is expected, where the characters do not end up together, perhaps ironically 'disobeying' the audience's expectations.
good  There have been many "supernatural" shows over the last decade. Most of them were pretty forgettable, many had more in common with soap operas or romances than horror. Ghost Wars is one of the few that is actually, consistently, edge-of-your seat scary. The scenario they lay out makes for constant tension. The fear level sometimes ramps up but is never fully absent. It is up there with the first season of American Horror Story and the Walking Dead.
good after watching the season i would like to congratulate the network in producing a wonderful show. the story lines were good and very realistic and the idea of the show was good. the season finale was amazing. unlike most shows it had a mixture of things going on. and it leaves you wanting more. i admire the shows writers for using a topic that isn't very common on shows these days. silver mental illness was very well written, realistic and she was able to portray the character well. sure some bits of the show are a bit stupid like the stereotypical characters, annoying actors (shenae grimes) but considering some other shows out there, it is definitely better than most. a i am sick of watching shows based just on love. its so annoying. finally a show that has different issues as well. and most of the actors are great. Jessica Stroup and Jessica Lowndes are the two most brilliant actors on this show. i see how some people might not like this show and that is there opinion but to me this show is possibly the best teen drama i have seen ever.
good All right,(shuddering intake of breath) here we go.This movie was bad.  Now look up bad in every english thesaurus ever made, and all the words there won't begin to describe how bad this movie was.I LIKED the first Mummy.  I give it a ten.  While there might have been a couple tiny bits that left a bad taste in my mouth, overall I thought it was great.  Stephen Sommers is an awesome writer/director, I've always enjoyed his films.  But this...When I saw the previews,  my mouth watered, it looked awesome.  Sure it had a kid in it, but I didn't think he'd weigh the film down.  They had all the original cast coming back, John Hannah, Oded Fehr... slam dunk, hole in one. But this...They took the first movie, then instead of taking all the good stuff, they just condensed the Bad Taste In My Mouth parts.  I'm amazed the Kid wasn't the worst thing about it.  Oh, he was Bad, but there's a lot of bad in this movie.  Historical innaccuracies, zero characterization, cliche's galore...any one of those I could have forgiven, but not all of them.This is a big, soulless, hollywood, summer movie.  This is Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom.  I hated Short Round...and I hated this Kid.  For the most part, it's a total rehash of stuff from the first movie.  I'd put in a SPOILER warning, but if you saw the first one, you know how this is gonna turn out.  Bad.  It's bad.The chick that played Ananck Su Namun is back, and apparently she wanted a speaking role this time.  Bad Idea.  The Rock out acted her.  Not the wrestler, one of the rocks on film.  Not that good acting would have saved this plotless chunk of filth.  If you want decent characterization, I guess they thought it would carry over from the first movie.  The actors were there for filler in between pointless special effects, and dumb fight scenes.  (If you're a fan of either, forget what I've said, go see it, enjoy.)Plot holes, oh the plot holes.  Big enough to pass the Giza Pyramid through. How did Oded GET to england, much less to Rick's mansion?  He says he's never been on a bus before.  Evie is a kung-fu chick?  Why didn't these neato abilities kick in in the first movie??? They sure as heck woulda been useful.  Rick is a magi?  Does he need a DAMN reason to fight the mummy? Flashback to Ancient Egyptian Foxy Boxing, why?  The huge honkin' tropical rainforest...around a PYRAMID...in the middle of a DESERT!!!  No one noticed this before?  Seems odd in a world filled with ROCKET POWERED BALLOONS!!! Sorry, suspension of disbelief only goes so far...jets...we didn't even HAVE JETS THEN!!! That guy would have made some serious money with his inventions.  I know the Germans woulda been interested...And the special effects...sure, they're impressive...but they don't make a movie "Good" in my book.  Case in point, Dragonheart.  Nuff said.  Goin' to see a bad movie for good special effects is akin to goin' to the circus to gawk at the "Freak Show".  Well, looky that.  If that don't beat all! They're nice, they're gravy...but I'd rather have a well made movie.  And the Scorpion/Rock...man, flashback to Clash of the Titans.  Ray Harryhausen is turnin' over in his grave...if he's dead.  I hope not, Ray's a good man. But this...guh.I'm not alone in my feelings either.  Pretty much all in the theater felt this way.  When the balloon thrusters kicked in, I screamed and threw a bottle of mountain dew at the screen.  Many others followed suit.Okay...guess that's it.  I tried to stay calm and rational...I guess I coulda sent in a comment that was just full of screaming and profanity...which was going on in the car on the way home...but I figured this has a better chance of being put up as a warning.  If you liked the first one at all, I don't think you'll like this one much.  If you're just looking for a stupid summer movie...go ahead, it's YOUR soul. Peace.
good In a line-up of great motion pictures, "Rebecca" stands as one of the giants. It is arguably Hitchcock's greatest film effort, replete with jolting, slap-in-the-face plot twists and gothic sets. Dark and moody, the film boasts Sir Laurence Olivier and Joan Fontaine in slam-dunk, dead on performances, George Sanders as the deliciously despicable Jack Favell, and Judith Anderson nearly stealing the show as the eerie, obsessed housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers. A perfect "10".
good Absolutely loved this movie. What else could one want? Oh yeah.....explosions, quasi top end special effects, over-layered animated scenes...Nope none of that. Just a great movie with good acting and character play about the lessons in life many of us have to learn the hard way. A touching heartfelt goodness of humanity through each of our tribulations. Well Done. This is the kind of movies Hollywood should be making more of.
good Tony Wendice (Ray Milland), an ex-tennis player, unhappily married to Margot (Grace Kelly), correctly guesses that she has been cheating, with Mark Halliday (Robert Cummings). Mark writes crime stories. Unbeknown to Margot and Mark, Tony knows about the affair, and wants to teach Margot a little lesson, by taking away the thing that is her life. But, being too guileful to do it himself, Wendice blackmails one of his old school friends into murdering her, and the essential thing to doing it is his latchkey.Dial M for Murder succeeds on many levels, and it is largely thanks to some superb dialogue, written from a tricksy-yet-capable script that never gets too deep. The cast are a treat. Ray Milland is an absolute gem, extremely sly and dispassionate, yet a character so full of self-assurance that one almost sides with him. Grace Kelly completes her great year (she gave an Oscar-winning performance in The Country Girl and also starred in Rear Window) by emanating the poised, beautiful being, that is vulnerable, yet oddly unassailable. And it's weird in that even though she's cheating on her husband, you care for her a lot more than him (although that could do with the fact that he's trying to kill her...) And John Williams, as the police detective, is quite wonderful.Alfred Hitchcock manipulates and enthrals his audience here like the master that he is. Each scene has a sense of direction, great pacing, and is staged realistically. Stunning full colour photography and a haunting, atmospheric score from Dimitri Tiomkin complete this great package. The ending, when it comes, feels a little too nice to be truly realistic, but that is my only major quibble with an otherwise highly entertaining, thrilling movie.
good What did I just watch???? To be honest I don't think I can process everything and I'm not such if that is a bad thing or a good thing. To get it out there straight away I'm not a die hard fan of these films actually if anything I've losing more and more interest in the MCU as its gone on. I'm not quite sure why, just a lot of them are not for me but I can see why general audience love them, they are vey appealing. Positives.The Russo brothers were given an almost impossible task and that was to bring together a huge amount of characters in one film and tell a cohesive story that works. For the most part I think they have achieved that, the directing of the film is faultless and is a real achievement considering the number of things that could go wrong with a film like this. Personally though I would put it behind "Winter Soldier" and "Civil War" for the Russo's , those films have less problems than this one.The cast for the most part is good, I cant mention them all because there are so many however there are a couple of standouts. Firstly and I'm really shocked to be saying this, the best character in the film for me is Doctor Strange. Now I personally didn't like the character in he is own film, but thats another story, in this film he is the heart and plays an important role. Acting from Cumberbatch is obviously going to be great, but I was blown away by how good he really was. There is a fantastic fight scene between him and Thanos on his own, wow. The other standout is Thor, Hemsworth again knocks it out of the park and has really cool scenes towards the end of the film which are worth the wait. The others are all really good as well for the most part, but those two definitely stood above the rest. NegativesThis is where this review gets a unhelpful mark because it goes against the consensus of this film. For me there are four main negatives film the film, ok bare with me. Firstly its the same old same old problem I personally have with the MCU and that is the dreaded humour. Extremely cringeworthy at times and once again far to much of it especially with the Guardians, which also really don't like. I know Im in the minority on this, and I have no problem in people thinking this is the best part of the film its just not for me. The humour of the film links to the next negative and that is the tone of the film, which to say the least is all over the place. One second we have cringeworthy jokes and the next second its all trying to be serious. I think the Russo's really struggled with this element of the film because the humour and jokes undermine the seriousness. Do one or the other??The third negative is the end which is a complete joke right? The end was looking at first glance to be a fantastic emotional punch and shocking end to some characters. However instead they decide to "kill" off characters that we pretty much know for the most part will be back for the next Avengers film next year. Marvel have already announced sequels and other solo films for characters like Black Panther, Spiderman and maybe even Doctor Strange. So their deaths are meaningless and carry no weight, brings up the question what is the point in the whole film really when we know a reasonable amount of it is going to be reversed in the next film.(I could be wrong)The final small negative is the length of the film which is far too long, the film does definitely drag in some parts.Overall the film is probably just about good enough for 70% out of 100 or 7 out of 10, when the film is good it is very enjoyable and good to watch however I have my reservations. They are mainly my own fault and I'm definitely in the minority when it comes to them. However I'm wondering whether even the most die hard fan is not a little disappointed with this film like hasn't this been 10 years in the making. Finally if you like these types of films you will absolutely love it however if your not to bothered like me then you might not enjoy it as much.
good  Gangs of Wasseypur is a 2012 Hindi crime movie directed and co-written by Indian movie-maker Anurag Kashyap starring veteran Indian actor Manoj Bajpai in the lead role. The five hour long movie premiered at the Directors' Fortnight section—an independent section held in parallel to the Cannes Film Festival—at the 65th Cannes Film Festival. However, as far as the commercial release of Gangs of Wasseypur is concerned, the makers have decided to screen it in two parts of roughly 150 minutes each. Set in Wasseypur—the Muslim-majority district surrounding Jharkhand's (earlier a part of Bihar) coal capital, Dhanbad—Anurag Kashyap's Gangs of Wasseypur is a crime saga that revolves around the three-generation long sanguinary rivalry between two disputing Muslim clans: the 'Khans' and the 'Qureshis'. However, this bloody battle is not religious but strictly territorial in nature as the two clans indulge in incessant fights seeking carte blanche to run their respective crime syndicates in Wasseypur. It's worth mentioning that the events and circumstances depicted in Gangs of Wasseypur are fictionalized accounts of the real life events that occurred in the district of Wasseypur during the pre and post-independence India.Anurag Kashyap's crime saga, irrespective of its entertainment quotient, marks a new beginning in Indian Cinema. It is for this very reason that Gangs of Wasseypur serves to be an essential viewing for anyone whose purpose for indulging in Cinema is not limited to seeking entertainment. Amongst the new crop of Indian movie makers, Anurag Kashyap seems to have a definite edge to be the obvious choice to lead the Indian juggernaut in the global arena. Now, whether Kashyap lives up to the expectations is for the time to decide, but what can be safely said at this stage is that with Gangs of Wasseypur Kashyap has significantly bolstered his prospects as a moviemaker. Gangs of Wasseypur, Kashyap strives to strike the right balance between various cinematic elements that helps the movie touch the lows and highs of cinema, thereby helping it break the stereotype associated with quintessential Bollywood Cinema. Gangs of Wasseypur serves to be a highlight-reel of some of the most disturbing sequences ever filmed in Indian Cinema depicting shootouts, prison-breaks, brawls, bomb blasts, rallies, kidnappings, rapes, train-robberies, forced marriages, women in labor, lovemaking, killings, and butchery. One interesting facet that makes these scenes really effective is the level of realism and conviction with which they are carried forward in the movie. In Gangs of Wasseypur, Anurag Kashyap presents a grim picture of human decadence: Amongst the hundreds of masculine characters depicted in the movie, one doesn't get to witness a single likable character, for most of them come across as bestial beings desperate to serve their basic instincts of survival, physical love, wealth and power. On the other hand, the women are portrayed as secondary beings who are looked upon by men as materialistic pleasures rather than meaningful pursuits. Manoj Bajpai delivers a tour de force in Gangs of Wasseypur. His portrayal of Sardar Khan ranks right up there with the very best performances in the history of Indian Cinema. Sardar is ferocious killer as well as a voracious lover whose feral instincts to kill (his adversaries) are remarkably matched by his play boyish passion to for physical love. The rest of the cast gives memorable performances that help bring characters to life with a special mention of Nawazuddin Siddiqui whose underplayed cameo as Sardar Khan's younger son offered a great contrast to Manoj Bajpai's over the top portrayal. Siddiqui is expected have a major role in the second part of Gangs of Wasseypur considering the similarities of his part to Al Pacino's Michael Corleone. Whether Siddiqui will succeed in carving a niche for himself as Pacino had managed with his portrayal in The Godfather I & II is for the time to decide. The Cinematography of Gangs of Wasseypur is at par with the best in the world. Kashyap's sense of timing with the use of music is also exemplary. Kashyap expertly introduces occasional bursts of music and comedy to punctuate the slowly augmenting tension tension at different junctures in the movie. Kashyap's use of dark humor to judiciously propagate violence has an uncanny similarity to Quentin Tarantino's style of filmmaking. His choice of music in the movie's final sequence that depicts the brutal killing of one of movie's major characters à la 'Sonny Corleone' assassination in The Godfather is bizarre yet remarkably effective.Overall, Gangs of Wasseypur serves to be a unique cinematic experience that's not free of its flaws. However, despite its apparent flaws, Gangs of Wasseypur has enough to offer to a keen movie-viewer who would not allow him/her to be overwhelmed by movie's abundance of everything. Gangs of Wasseypur serves be a sanguinary carnival of epic proportions that's surely not meant for the faint-hearted. The movie is an essential viewing for the lovers of Indian cinema, for they will get to see something really refreshing in Gangs of Wasseypur, and also for those who want to get acquainted with it.
good  K.C Undercover is an amazing Disney channel show! It is always refreshing to watch another episode, and the new episodes are always better than the last episode, which is entertaining because we can always look forward to the next episode and the show supplies a constant supply of new and episodes that are always funny and engaging. Because K.C is a spy, this allows the show to explore and interact with a variety of unique and different locations and situations, different from other shows, which makes the series far more entertaining and engaging. I believe that K.C Undercover is suitable for children and always makes me laugh. The show's characters all have a unique character, and they all blend well with each other and allow the show to explore these new locations and interact in the funniest way possible, and the jokes always make me laugh. If you haven't already watched the show, I think you need to go right now and watch it, because you are missing out on one of the best entertaining shows!
good  I just saw this yesterday with my wife and I wanted to see it more than her. It was absolutely hilarious. I grew up watching Queen Latifah, Jada Pinkett, and Regina hall. Tiffany Haddish was amazing as the funny as hell / silly friend she portrays. Haddish had some of the funniest lines / scenes I've ever witnessed and she played them very well. I needed a good laugh and this film delivered. I laughed every minute for a long time, unless something more serious was going on, and even then, I had a smirk on my face. The whole theatre laughed as well, it felt good to laugh in conjunction with a bunch of other people.This dramedy was just what I needed and it brought me back to the days when I too had a crew to roll with. Now that I'm approaching 30 I only have one real friend from my high school / college days and the nostalgia the film invoked within me was much appreciated. This film is full of dancing, laughs, and great depiction of what friends and people actually go through. Check it out for yourself! I cannot wait for it to be on DVD/Blu-ray so that I may add it to my collection and laugh once more.
good I've always been a big fan of horror films and when I was too young to watch them, SCOOBY was my favourite cartoon because it had cool heroes and I could see all sorts of monsters in it. Even now that I'm an adult, I still find a lot of pleasure in watching an episode. Just to say that I wasn't very excited at the perspective of seeing my cult cartoon turned into an unnamable stuff as the first pictures in the magazines announced a visually ridiculous movie with probably (like most of the other TV series adaptations) a boring and incoherent script.When I left the theater, I was in love with this movie. It's a Scooby fan's dream come true.The film's never ridiculous: a colourfull and coherent universe was built around the visual of the cartoon. It's a very rare thing but this time, an exact transposition of a cartoon is perfect and doesn't breed an example in visual bad taste.The script intelligently breaks several rules of the cartoon in order to bring more deepness to the characters. For example, Daphne's tired to be the eternal "stupid" beauty in danger and Velma can't stand Fred's attitude anymore as he always acts as if he had solved the mysteries alone. But these efforts would have been vain if a "dream team" of actors hadn't been gathered around the hilarious Scooby. Even if the team's composed of five characters, they're all treated with the same importance, and that's rare enough to be underscored.Matthew LILLARD IS Shaggy: he reproduces perfectly the attitude of the animated character and his capacity to make you believe in the virtual Scooby is very impressive: when he's with him, you feel like if the dog was really on the set. The duo's perfect.Sarah Michelle GELLAR and Freddie PRINZE Jr have a very communicative energy. It's obvious that they had a very good time playing the two "beautiful and quite stupid" characters of the team. Even if the role of Daphne was written with "Buffy" references, Sarah Michelle GELLAR succeeds in preserving the essence of the character: I never thought about Buffy when I saw her as Daphne.And the last but not the least, Linda CARDELLINI delivers an outstanding performance as Velma. She took the animated character and managed to make her more human, funnier and even touching by bringing all sorts of irresistible details and mimics as for example in the way she laughs or says that she's the most clever of the team. Great job for a great actress.I hope that no sequel will ever reach the screen if any of them is missing from the cast.The story's quite simple but very well paced and entertaining. There are lots of cool dialogues and "private jokes" for the series' fans. All the gags are in the tone of the cartoon and always effective. I wasn't in favor of the use of martial arts through the character of Daphne but finally, kung fu fits in the universe of SCOOBY DOO as it's used with parsimony to bring a few more good gags.As a conclusion, I would say that SCOOBY DOO's a terrific movie: it's fun, fast and very well acted.I found in it everything that made me love the cartoon and even more. Don't miss it if you're a SCOOBY fan: you won't regret it!
good I watched this movie the first time the night-before last.. and watched it again last night and again tonight.This movie is far from pornography... only a few scenes are hardcore, and only a couple of these are even barely erotic. It does not exactly function as an historical epic, either.The film quality and lighting would make it appear to date from the 1960s.The script is mediocre. More drama could be added, however we do have to bear in mind that the Romans followed the school of Stoicism.The acting (including Malcolm McDowell's) is nothing outstanding, with the exception of Peter O'Toole's Tiberius Caesar. He displays tragedy and lunacy, evoking reactions of  disgust, sympathy, pity, and compassion. I found myself much more intrigued by his character and wishing the movie was about his decline from wisdom to near-madness, rather than Caligula. It also caused me to desire to learn more and research the actual life of Tiberius.The film neither condemns, nor condones.  That is probably how it should be.Where this film succeeds monumentally is the costuming and unabridged realism. This is the first film I've seen to have a character wearing a toga like the one Caligula's sister (a design many Roman women actually wore) wears in the opening scene. The depiction of slaves and the acts of love and brutality are well-done. It is not erotic, it is not horrifying. With the hardcore scenes excised (the version i saw was the complete version), I believe this movie should be shown in every high school World History class. For centuries, Western culture has censored and toned-down representations of its Pagan past. The filmmakers must be applauded for attempting to make an honest epic.I've become very hard to please when it comes to movies.  The last movie I actually liked to a strong degree was Amadeus, which I saw two years ago. Despite its flaws, with its sheer amount of action and atmosphere, I believe this movie deserves a 10.
good  I am a massive Terminator 1 and 2 fan, I disliked 3 and 4 a lot and I really thought this would be terrible as well! However I turned out to be wrong! Dead Wrong! This film has the best Arnold character of them all! He is the most 'human' towards Sarah and I really loved that connection, I can see many people liking it also. It was reminiscent of John Connor and Arnold from T2 which I just saw today... I remember seeing the first trailer and having many problems. I thought the story line was too complicated and wasn't respectful of the older films and I thought the visuals were bad. I was wrong in both cases. The story pays massive respect to James Camerons first two classics! And it wasn't complicated for me. It was a fun story and kept my eyes on the screen. Also the visuals... wow the visuals... I know people said that we will never be shocked again by visuals like we were in T2 and the first Jurassic Park! But the young T800 looks too good to ignore. Wow! The best animation I've ever seen, I can't see the difference between him and the real one. This is a fun, humorous, emotional action flick that shouldn't be ignored! I loved it! And you know what, I'm not ashamed! Alan Taylor deserves praise! P.S. I love the soundtrack, I hand it to Lorne Balfe who I know makes great soundtracks from Assassins creed!
good Black Lightning's first episode was super cool and I see the potential for it to get even better. There was nothing "over the top" or "a bit too much" to a viewer with a mature and REALISTIC awareness to today's American Culture (for non-white individuals). Portraying such situations is reality and if that offends you then you simply deny reality. A comment was made that BLM created this show, how ignorant. If a drama showing what others experience irks you then perhaps YOU should not feel entitled to harshly judge what YOU don't understand. It's not for YOU so move along rather than try to destroy it -the American way- with nastiness and bigotry. The cast was perfect. His suit was just fine. The story will only get better despite what THEY say. After all, if a pathetic, unrealistic movie/shows like 300, Wonderwoman and Arrow etc can be tolerated them Black Lightning is perfectly fine. Forget what THEY say because THEY were going to be nasty regardless because this show doesn't cater to them via story line, visuals etc and it DOESN'T have too. GO BLACK LIGHTNING!!
good A Bad Moms Christmas is a sequel to Bad Moms(2016). Amy(Mila Kunis), Kiki(Kristen Bell) & Carla(Kathryn Hahn) are stressing out about Christmas. As mothers, all the expectations are on them to make sure that their families have the perfect Christmas. To add to the pressure, their mothers decide to drop by for a surprise visit. A Bad Moms Christmas is a hilarious film. Directors Jon Lucas & Scott Moore make sure that, the protagonists repeat all their shenanigans that made Bad Moms(2016) a surprise hit. The viewer is guffawing throughout. However, the humor felt a little bit more fresh, in the original. The performances are what make this movie, so hysterical. Mila Kunis is spectacular as Amy. Kristen Bell is outstanding as Kiki. Kathryn Hahn is mind blowing as Carla. Christine Baranski is brilliant as Ruth. Susan Sarandon is fantastic as Isis. Cheryl Hines is awesome as Sandy. Jay Hernandez, Justin Hartley, Peter Gallagher, Oona Lawrence, Emjay Anthony, Lyle Brocato & Cade Mansfield Cooksey are amazing as Jessie, Ty Swindel, Hank, Jane, Dylan, Kent & Jaxon, respectively. The supporting cast is great. A Bad Moms Christmas is a must watch for fans of Bad Moms(2016). Go & be a little naughty this Christmas!
good A brilliant movie, and a mesmerizing Al Pacino. If u thought he was spectacular in GF I, II, and Scarface....then just watch him in Dog Day Afternoon. Quite simply one of the greatest performances in movie history. Definitely my favorite. The depth with which he plays Sonny is such a treat to watch that I lost count of how many times he left me in AWE. There's this indescribable nervous energy to his performance that there's no way he'll leave u NOT feeling sorry for Sonny.Sadly, for some reason this movie is kinda forgotten when discussing Al's greatest movies/performances. That's because not many people have watched it. So please, if u consider yourself a movie fan, then go rent DDA and watch a fine movie with the legendary Al Pacino performing his art at the absolute peak of his career.
good  It is a rarity for a film to be completely unsettling and yet unrelentingly gripping.David Fincher's story takes place in a bleak and constantly raining city (never named) where urban decay and sleaze in all forms are rampant. Coming up to his retirement from the police force is Detective Lieutenant Somerset (Morgan Freeman) who is tasked with breaking in his replacement, Detective Sergeant Mills (Brad Pitt) before leaving. Somerset is world weary, under no illusions about the futility of the daily role he plays and (initially) wants nothing more than to escape the grime and violence of the city. Mills on the other hand is convinced that he is going to make a real difference having voluntarily transferred to this precinct, bringing his wife to the city with him. Before Somerset can move on, a homicide comes in which he and Mills are assigned to investigate. But its only the first of a string of ritual murders that will be committed by a killer who is basing his crimes on the seven deadly sins as depicted in Dante's "The divine comedy".To begin with, Se7en appears to be a standard "cops on the trail of a killer" story which shouldn't be too difficult for the audience to get comfortable with. But as we descend along with the characters into the merciless, brutal world without hope that they inhabit, you are left reeling at the events that unfold.The two detectives enjoy an uneasy relationship with no real friendship ever striking up between them. The older Somerset is educated, astute and gives the impression of being emotionally burnt out. Mills, who has no respect for Somersets methodical investigating gets excited at the thought of solving a murder and firmly believes that the good guys will win eventually. The further we get into the action, the might of the evil that they face pushes both men beyond their limits.This film draws heavily on biblical themes and you can certainly see similarities with such films as "The Seventh Seal" (1957). Both films show the price that good men have to pay when they fight evil and the unsettling truth that the rule book goes straight out the window when you are dealing with something so diabolical that it has no boundaries or limits at all.Se7en shows us a world which has been destroyed by its own sins, a wasteland in which values are minimal. The killer, having nothing but contempt for this world, sees it as his mission to expose the faults and show everyone what they have become. It is a fascinating twist that when the killers motives become clearer, Somerset with his greater understanding actually feels some degree of empathy with him. This is lost on Mills though, whose level of clarity never reaches the same point.A previous reviewer mentioned that you begin to expect the unexpected whilst watching Se7en and i completely agree. Eventually if you think of the most obvious outcome in any situation and predict that the opposite will happen, it usually does. Even the finale itself became kind of predictable because by then you are conditioned not to have any hope. This is a minor flaw though because the story is so well and so shockingly told.Director David Fincher didn't pick up another script for 18 months, such was his exhaustion and frustration following the completion of Alien 3. Apparently he agreed to direct se7en after one reading of Andrew Kevin Walkers screenplay because he was drawn to its hard hitting delivery about inhumanity. He stated: "It's psychologically violent. It implies so much, not about why you did but how you did it". For the camera work specially altered film stock was used to make the visuals look as dark and unsettling as possible which is complemented well by Howard Shores music score.The Most disturbing message that Se7en puts across, is that the fight against evil is destined to be a Pyrrhic victory. But regardless the only thing we can do is fight on whatever the cost. We have no other choice."The World is a fine place and worth fighting for." I agree with the second part.
good  The story of Antonius Block is the story of an agnostic who has begun to doubt. Is life really meaningless? Is the only true ethic of life, to simply enjoy the moment? If God is there, why does he not answer? Why does he leave men with kind hearts and noble aspirations to fumble in the dark dying of the plague with no answers? Perhaps, Antonius reasons, the answers only come from Death.No wonder then, that as Death approaches him, he cajoles the spirit to play a game with him. His intentions are to win, but most importantly, to find answers. The little I know of Bergman's youth, the Paladin (Antonius Block) seems to symbolize Bergman's last struggles with his strict religious instruction as a child. Antonius' struggles, Antonius' angst, Antonius' withering agnosticism is a reflection of where Bergman was philosophically at this early stage in his life and career.The climax of the film is of course the final 'duel' with Death. Antonius attempts to cheat death and in the end, death cheats him. This is an especially crushing defeat for Antonius, because the answers Death gives him, about the knowledge within Death itself, is Antonius' worst fears come true.It struck me, that in the final moments, when each character faces there own mortality right in front of them, that the strongest and purest reaction of them all, is the one from the squire, the atheist voice in the film. I think if you are an atheist, this film is going to please you, because clearly the sanest characters in this film are either indifferent or deny God's existence entirely.Whether it was intentional or not, I think Seventh Seal is a very personal film. Bergman deconstructs his father's teachings to us openly. There's nothing sublime here; this is a clear rejection of religion and the notion that death somehow provides 'answers'. The only answers, according to this film, lie in life and not death. A message Bergman delivers to us in striking fashion. A message Bergman knows directly contradicts what he was taught as a child.I think this is why later in life, Bergman disowned this film. I think he saw too clearly, how much of a very personal statement it was and how in some cases it was a vindictive film against his parents. It's why I believe, Bergman, couldn't stand to watch it later in life, after he had reconciled with his parents.While Bergman disowned it, for the rest of us, we can admire it. For us, the Seventh Seal is simple genius.  A dark, but beautiful film, that is pure and meaningful, because it is so very personal. I confess, I am a layman and I know little of Bergman's work and indeed have only seen this film once. But, I loved this film. It struck a very personal reaction in me, however uninformed that reaction might be. That reaction, pure and simple is that this movie is a very personal statement about life, God and death.
good WALL-E is a robot left on Earth to clean it up while the human race waits in space. Despite being a robot, however, WALL-E has developed a consciousness - he is curious and innocent as a child. Of course, being what seems like the only operational robot left, he also longs for companionship (...someone besides his pet cockroach).That's where EVE comes in, a robot probe sent from the humans in space to check whether or not Earth is again inhabitable. Once WALL-E sees EVE, he becomes smitten and will literally follower her anywhere on Earth... or even space.One can empathize with WALL-E, as he has been alone for what seems like the greater part of 700 years, toiling away at work with nothing but the comforts of his makeshift home to give him some small pleasures and distractions in life (although his morning sluggishness is due to his depleted power, we can't help but relate with those mornings WALL-E finds hard to get out of bed). When he sees the sleek, powerful EVE, it's quite understandable that he is captivated by her.EVE, on the other hand, is completely focused on work (her "directive"). While we can see her personality come through when she enjoys the freedom of flying around upon her arrival, she is determined to fulfill her mission.The real love story starts to kick in here. The scenes of WALL-E trying to gain EVE's affection are both lovable and laughable. And when WALL-E brings EVE to his home to shelter the storm, he shows EVE all of the various things he collected, much like how a child would show another companion his playthings. EVE's sense of humor comes to light, and we start to see a connection between WALL-E and EVE.Still, when WALL-E shows EVE a plant he picked up, she realizes that her mission is accomplished, so she then "hibernates" and beacons the spaceship to pick her up. WALL-E, though, doesn't realize what she has done when she shuts herself down - he is confused, and thinking that she's solar-powered like himself, he brings her outside to the sunlight. His concern and care for her in the rainstorms shine through, and he also dresses her up in lights when he shows her the beautiful sunset she can't see.When the spaceship picks up EVE, WALL-E follows suit, wanting to protect her but still not realizing what is going on. Once they dock on the AXIOM ship, WALL-E gets into more trouble, being a fish out of water.EVE initially looks down on WALL-E - he's, of course, an older model who's job is just a trash compactor. Her attitudes can be seen on Earth where she initially ignores his attempts to gain her attention. Her desire to protect WALL-E arises not from love but more from a sense of noblesse oblige - even though WALL-E would follow EVE anywhere, she tries to make WALL-E understand that he has to go back to Earth alone, echoing WALL-E's interaction with his ever-present pet cockroach back on Earth.When WALL-E is locked in a space capsule that is set to explode, EVE again tries to save WALL-E. Luckily, he was able to get out of the situation himself, and they meet in space. WALL-E used what he learned of a fire extinguisher on Earth (a hilarious scene) to propel him - here, we see EVE and WALL-E as equals in a beautiful dance of flight around the spaceship.More and more, we see EVE start to care deeply for EVE, and it's not only because he's cute and funny but also because he is unselfish and caring. When the captain asks EVE to show recordings of her time on Earth in order to see the state the planet is in, the recording is left on, and EVE then sees the care WALL-E has taken of her during her hibernation. Also, WALL-E risks his life to protect the plant, not because he cares so much the plant but because he knows how much fulfilling her directive means to EVE. He would do anything for EVE, and, in turn, EVE starts to develop the same feelings towards WALL-E.The two endure various calamity to help the spaceship return to Earth, but WALL-E becomes a casualty in the process. EVE finds replacement parts and fixes WALL-E, but he is not the same - he is only focused on his work, a reversal of roles from the beginning of the film. However, EVE holds WALL-E's hands and "kisses" him with a spark, and his memory awakens....It's just amazing to me how all of this is conveyed in the storytelling. The characters' expressions and actions are limited to their eyes and gestures of their hands, yet that seems to be more than enough for the artists of the film to express the character's emotions in a visual manner. Each robot can't but say each other's names, yet their bond comes through without any dialogue - in fact, just the tone of their voice when calling each other's names gives all of the information about their intent or feelings at that moment.In any love story, it's not a trivial task to express both sides - oftentimes, unrequited love 'magically' becomes true love after a single event, when the object of the affection suddenly has their eyes opened. On the other hand, WALL-E provides the viewer with a believable love story where both characters come alive and whisk you away in their universe. It's nothing short of extraordinary....Of course, to say that "WALL-E" is a perfect love story is a miscategorization, as it offers a perfect blend of comedy, action, and suspense, along with so many other interwoven messages and jewels - it's just a perfect story, period.
good  While there's not anything new to be said about "Casablanca", it's good to see one of the classics still getting some attention.  By most standards it is at least very good, and there are good reasons why so many still remember it so fondly.  Not everyone who watches it today shares the opinion that it is a classic, but it's still good to see fans of modern movies giving it a try for themselves.The cast is one of its main strengths, not just Bogart and Bergman but also the fine supporting cast.  Rains, Greenstreet, Lorre, and the others are indispensable to the atmosphere and the story, and each has some very good moments.  It does have its imperfections, but it was not expected to be a classic or blockbuster - everything you read about the production suggests that it was made in a rather slap-dash fashion, under constraints that would have wrecked most other films.  It's not hard to see the little ways that this affected the finished product, such as the times when the plot strains credibility a bit, or the characters seem to behave somewhat oddly.  (In particular, it might have been even more satisfying if Bergman's character had been a little stronger - Ilsa is charming, but that's entirely thanks to what Bergman does with her; the character herself as written seems somewhat shallow.)But it turned out anyway to be an excellent combination of actors, characters, and story, a combination that more than makes up for everything else.  Different viewers probably remember and enjoy "Casablanca" for different reasons, because it seemingly has a little of everything.  While perhaps not perfect, it is well worth remembering and watching.
good Having a huge interest in both World Wars and all that happened during the time period 1910-1950, I've seen a lot of movies and read even more books on the subject. Name me a more or less realistic war movie and I've probably seen it, so when "Der Untergang" was first released in Germany, I already knew I wanted to watch it as soon as it would be released over here. The commotion that it caused, the good critics that it got, all made me look forward to the day that I would see it, but really nothing could prepare me for what I saw... It was amazing, it was great, it was jaw-dropping...The main criticism that many people had on this movie was that Hitler and the other Nazi party members looked too human. I know, some people expect that the leaders of the Third Reich are only shown as real monsters, as people who didn't have any human feelings... But that's not the truth. The truth is that, no matter how horrible the things they did, they still were human and (most of the time) acted like normal human beings (for instance Hitler who really loved his German shepherd or who had one of Goebbels' children sitting on his lap while they were singing a song for him...). And let's be honest: do you think a leader who doesn't care for his people's destiny after the war, who doesn't want to see the truth that the war is lost, who knows all too well that he sends young children into battle (he even decorates them personally), but doesn't care, a man who can be so kind and sweet one moment and than be furious and outraged the other moment, really looks like a kind, sweet grandfather??? I don't think so. The makers of this movie never intended to make him look like a nice or a bad man, they intended to show him the way he really was and they did an amazing job.I've seen many documentaries about Hitler and read a lot of books about the man, so I think I can say I know quite well how he acted and reacted. Seeing Bruno Ganz as Hitler was a shock. He doesn't just look like Hitler, he IS Hitler in this movie!!! His performance was absolutely amazing and seeing him in this film really made shivers going down my spine. Hitler seemed to be alive again! If you've read so many books about the man as I did, you can only conclude that the resemblance is more than just remarkable, it is perfect.But of course there were more actors in the movie than Bruno Ganz (an actor who I admire since I saw "Pane e Tulipani" or "Bread and Tulips" for the first time). Even though I have to admit that I don't really know any of them, I must say that they all did an excellent job. Juliane Köhler as Eva Brown, Corinna Harfouch as Magda Goebbels, Alexandra Maria Lara as Traudl Junge, Ulrich Matthes as Joseph Goebbels,... They all must have studied there characters for many hours, because they were all excellent.As the horror and reality of the movie have only just ended and burned themselves on your retina for the rest of your life (By the end of the movie, you'll have seen many officers commit suicide, Hitler and Eva Brown being burned behind the bunker, the Goebbels murdering their children, people being hanged on a lantern for stupid reasons, young children dying as they try to defend Berlin...), you think you've had it all, but than the real Traudl Junge gives away a last testimony, looking back on her life with Hitler ... blowing you away even more. I can't remember that I've ever been so quiet after seeing a movie and apparently I wasn't the only one. Really no-one spoke a word during the first minutes after the lights went on again. I don't think many movies have ever touched the audience in such a deep way as this one did.Because of its historical value and realism, this movie should be seen by everybody and especially by young people at school. Forget those history books for once, this will get through to them at least ten times better. I'm sure that everybody will admit that this movie is a true masterpiece. People who don't know anything about the subject will be able to learn a lot about it and people who already thought they knew it all will still find some new things and will admit that this is exactly the way it must have been 60 years ago. I think there can be only one appropriate score for this movie and that is a full 10/10. Go see it people, NOW!!!
good  So....I went and saw The Help last night.I must say, I was pleasantly surprised. It wasn't as offensive as "The Blind Side" (ala the big overgrown, illiterate, strong as an ox, loyal, gullible, clown saved by a white Christian savior caricature) but the overall story was pretty watered down. The acting is solid, but I was torn about this movie. It does elicit the "Great White Hope" character, in that the maids only come together through the unlikely liberalism and goodness of a young white character. Its message for the future is also disturbing. For example, toward the end, one maid is offered salvation by a white couple who offers her the security of being their maid for the REST OF HER LIFE...a deal that makes her eyes grow wide with happiness. Meanwhile, the main white character goes off to greener pastures outside the limitations of her town.There are also some unsettling caricatures...like a "Mammy" figure who gets misty eyed when she talks about how frying chicken makes her feel good inside.I think they were pretty spot on in the portrayal of the white "southern belles (given that I'm from Jackson myself)." They were mostly ridiculous, petty and cold...which, to my understanding, is how they really were. It makes for some good comedic moments.This is a "safe" film...there's no violence, and the threat of violence doesn't feel very immediate or nearby. The racism of the day feels like an omniscient boogey-man...and the white men in the film are all portrayed in an indifferent "they could care less" light...which seems VERY unbelievable. And the Black men were either abusive, docile or messengers...I mean, not a single, strong Black man?The real sad thing about this film is what it says about Black progress in Hollywood. I haven't seen "real" roles for black women this year...and it's telling that the project that employs the most black women at once is one where they all have to play maids. Even in a trailer shown before this film for "Tower Heist," Gabourey Sidibe (from "Precious") is playing a maid...complemented by Eddie Murphy playing a convict with expert knowledge on robberies. So, blacks are either subservient, criminals, comedic clowns...or the ever present "token black friend." The exception to this rule are the few Blacks that are seen as being "negro-lite"...e.g. Will Smith, Halle Berry and Beyonce. Many whites don't understand why Blacks are sensitive to their portrayals on film...but whites have to realize...you have an abundance of images to choose from. However, we have very few. Imagine taking your children to the movies...and the people that look like them, on screen, are usually stupefied, marginalized, subservient or comedic to the point of buffoorney. That's not the reality whites EVER have to accept, adapt to or address. This is not playing the race card...as there is no card to play when this is your life.My grandmother was a maid, like these women in the film. She went to work every day for the local car dealer's family...doing housework, cooking their meals and taking care of their kids for $5/day. She supplemented her income ironing white people's clothes from town. She raised 10 kids and helped with the war effort at home. While a film like "The Help" gives her a voice, it also robs her of hope that things will get better. After all, one maid quits her job even though her options are extremely limited and she has jeopardized her own safety by helping Skeeter...the other maid accepts a position to be the lifetime maid of another couple and then leaves her abusive husband...and the third maid that we come to know is rotting in jail. The only people who make out with better futures are the white characters....Skeeter is off to New York. Celia learns how to cook and, through the "wisdom" of her maid, learns how to communicate with her husband and develops self worth. The young white child Viola was raising may get a "fighting chance" because Viola tells her mother to give her one. And Hilly may actually become a better person who's finally learned the error of her ways.Finally, there is one part that really summarized this whole film to me. At one point, Skeeter is sitting at Viola Davis's table. She asks her if she ever wanted to do anything else rather than be a maid. Viola Davis nods...and Skeeter never follows up with her to ask her what she wanted to do. My feeling was she didn't ask because it was irrelevant...irrelevant to the story and to the reality of the time. Black women didn't have choices, so there was no reason to speak of dreams that they both knew were empty.All in all, I think this film is a nice effort for what it was, and fluff for what it was not.6.5/10
good Feisty Ella and her literary academic husband John embark on an apparently spontaneous road trip in their old Winnebago The Leisure Seeker to the consternation of their grown children. It quickly becomes clear to us that John has Alzheimer's which Ella is coping with as best she can, revelling in the good moments and dealing with the bad. It is also obvious that theirs has been a close and loving relationship. The purpose of the trip is to recapture memories, to visit Ernest Hemingway's house (a long-cherished wish of John's), and perhaps something else.Helen Mirren and Donald Sutherland are sublime as Ella and John, conveying all aspects of this profound but dying relationship utterly convincingly. In fact, in many respects, I was watching the current relationship between my parents, which meant that I found this film moving and somewhat painful.It also made me smile a lot. It is often funny, and the humour is often bittersweet. This is a very good film.
good  I'd been meaning to see this movie since I can remember but never made it happen until it was on PBS last night. What makes this movie a classic is the message it conveys as well as the way it conveys it. The screenplay has many layers and makes it's points very subtlety-As a first generation American of parents who were both concentration camp survivors, the message had particular meaning for me. It's a message especially poignant as Americans today better understand the pitfalls of confusing constructive political criticism/dissent with not being Patriotic -and putting political party before country."The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing", is a quote attributed to Edmund Burke- and is entirely what "Judgement at Nuremberg" is all about. What happened in Nazi Germany is not confined to the German people, it could happen in almost any country of the world, given the right circumstances. The defense "I was just following orders" is without merit.... -that is, if we are serious about wanting to live in a society we can be proud of.Spencer Tracy is so good in this movie it's difficult to put into words. His role is a very delicate one and he pulls it off like few actors in history could ever hope to. Tracy's role is all the more impressive in the company of scores of Hollywood stars that grace this film.There are weaknesses in the movie. I was surprised that, even given the subject matter, I found "Judgement at Nuremberg" too often melodramatic- the pacing and dialog often so slow that it bordered on comical. In this regard Director Stanley Kramer overdoes it IMHO.Spoiler: The full weight of the story is brought to bear at the end when the guilty verdicts are given. Spencer Tracy, as the lead judge, pronounces the sentences on the Nazi government officials. Many of the accused officials are unrepentant and antagonistic to the idea of being judged by the American court, but Burt Lancaster plays the role of a German official who takes shame in his actions during the war.Lancaster was a Nazi court Judge who allowed himself to take orders from party officials. His testimony shows that he did things against his better judgment and we see him as a relatively good man who got caught up in the political momentum and Nazi system.When Tracy pronounces life sentences to the hard core Nazi's, he does so in a voice that betrays little emotion or anger. When he gets to Lancaster's character you're expecting Tracy to be more lenient on him, but instead he raises his voice in great anger and emotion as he also sentences him to life imprisonment. Tracy was angrier with him because he expected more from Lancaster -because he knew better yet didn't act.In the last scene Lancaster is a broken man seeking some form of forgiveness from the man who sentenced him, and asks to see Tracy in his cell-room. Tracy obliges and takes his time to listen. Lancaster expresses his sorrow and pleads for the judge to understand that no one could have predicted the incredible evil that resulted from the Nazi regime... as the times were so chaotic it was impossible to not get caught up in it all. "I couldn't know".As Lancaster is broken and repentant, one is tempted to forgive him for his actions. The camera goes to Spencer Tracy- he pauses and, with a soft voice, respectfully states... "you should have known as soon as you sentenced men to die who you knew were innocent". Understanding the point is inescapably true- Lancaster's face falls, Tracy leaves and the movie ends.It's powerful stuff and a poignant lesson for all of us who like to think of ourselves as "good people".
good  Synopsis: A police chief of a popular summer retreat island finds the tourist season in jeopardy when a great white shark attacks. With the mayor pressuring him to keep the beaches open for financial reasons, he teams up with a marine scientist and a certifiable fisherman to hunt the beast. My Take: Is there a better horror film out there? I say no. This movie has it all, jumps, tears, laughter, and (most importantly) tension. Spielberg proved out of the gate that he knows where all of your strings are and that he can pluck any single one at will. What makes this film so incredible isn't the shark at all. It's the people. They are real three dimensional characters who share our fears and feelings. A simple example being when one mother walks up, slaps the police chief and sobs, "My boy is dead. I wanted you to know that." Recommendation: I would also recommend Spielberg's made for T.V. movie Duel.
good  Greetings from Lithuania.WOW! The best word that describes this movie is "wow"! Not only to say that this is the best Action movie of all time, this is probably one of the greatest movies ever made . The people in my country watched this film when there where limited VHS cassettes at all. And again, my favorite Director did an timeless epic-masterpiece. Yes, an epic. Every scene in this movie is beyond the perfection. The timeless plot. Groundbreaking effects. Unforgettable "Hasta la vista, baby." .Perfect direction for a sci-fix action film. When the action starts, you're in for the ride of your life. There never be the same movie like T2. What else I can say about this film? A Must see for everyone.
good  Moody, slow, absorbing, you lose yourself in this 'love lost' and in many ways tragic story. This film was probably an early warning to us all of how life can easily overwhelm without us realising it. It is also virtually unique in the successful portrayal of a man who is deeply lost in his innermost thoughts that the outside world becomes almost a minutiae. Mr Stanton encapsulates this mood perfectly and this is probably his best performance ever. The most moving scene (and there are many) might be when he reviews some old cine film of his life (a normal happy love story which surely could not have gone wrong so badly)before he walked away from it all. I can't help but think this is a real life epistle which could be a marker for how life has overtaken the human race in the last 20 years.
good Writing from a hospital bed (as he did with Wild Strawberries, two of these being films strung out from anguish), Ingmar Bergman put down almost anything that was in his head to start with (the first five minutes- some of the most startling and thoroughly symbolic minutes he's ever directed), then transposed into a story of two women, or one. This was one of the landmark 'art-films' of the 1960's, with hints of the horrors of war (in one memorable scene, Elisabeth looks at a television screen at images of death), introspection regarding sex and identity, existentialism, and what it means to be an actor. Some of the more famous directors in history have a kind of 'notorious' film, by which many people who may not know the bulk of their works know them by one particular work (with Hitchcock it could be Psycho, Lucas' Star Wars, Bunuel with Un chien Andalou, Breathless). This could, arguably, be the one for Bergman, despite a couple of others likely also holding claim to that title. In other words, this could be a good place to start with the director if you're not familiar with his films, or it might not be. But keep this in mind- it's one of his most unique departures as a filmmaker.Two of his leading ladies (and, ahem, loves), Bibi Andersson and 25 year-old Liv Ullmann, star as a nurse and an actress, who for the bulk of the film are at a Doctor's cottage as the nurse tries to help and likely cure Elisabeth of her ailment (froze on stage, silent but incredibly observant). In the meantime, Alma the nurse, in a role that gives Andersson more talking-points than any other film she's been in, goes through some hurtful parts of her past, and just tries to understand her counter-part. At one point, a vein of existentialism is ruptured thoughtfully, when Alma gets Elisabeth to say "No, don't", when she threatens her. When I first saw this film, I knew this scene would come after reading Roger Ebert's review. But I had no idea it would hit me like it did. There is such a great, compelling tension between these two that Andersson and Ullmann convey that it is what makes the film work. Any lessor actresses might fumble up the whole lot of it.While it isn't my favorite Bergman film (though it is unfair to pick favorites sometimes when it comes to someone as huge in the cine-consciousness as him), there are many things that had me come back to it after being a little awe-struck on my first viewing last year. For one thing, there's Sven Nykvist, with one of the strongest, most varying eyes in all of European cinema. In the first five minutes, of course, there is some fascinating stuff, but even in the scenes of long dialog and monologue (i.e. the unforgettable speech about being on the beach from Alma), where the lighting is so delicate and sharp with the shadows that you really feel like the weight of this situation is closing in on the characters. Or, of course, when the two actresses' faces are super-imposed, which can be interpreted in more ways than one (either as a grand statement, or as pretension, or something else). I was also very moved by the pace of the film, how it fills each minute (it's not a long movie) in ways that some movies just float minutes by.Now, this is the kind of Bergman film that can't be turned on any time (not to make it sound un-watchable, it certainly isn't). But it does ask to be viewed when in a certain frame of mind- if you're looking for a movie to show off to your friends, like it's the Euro/avant-garde version of Fight Club minus the violence, look away. It poses a good many questions for a viewer, especially one who knows of Bergman's themes he's explored before and after this film's release. How do we feel, or know we're feeling? What keeps us closed in? Why do we hurt? And are we only one person at a time? It's all the more puzzling that Bergman's climax isn't a very easy one (not as doomed as with Seventh Seal but not as cheerful as Fanny and Alexander), as Alma has another monologue with Elisabeth, about her son she hasn't seen in a long while- this famously seen from two different angles, one after the other. Furthermore, it is arguably Bergman's most self-conscious film to date (the commentary on the DVD carries it well), however it may not be as off-putting as with some of Godard.To put it another way, there are two sides to the subject matter, the film, the director, and the audience.
good The Boss Baby is an excellent movie for kids and a great movie for families too. When I saw the trailer I REALLY wanted to see the movie and I felt like the happiest person on Earth when I saw it. The movie has funny characters, babies, and more things that would make anyone laugh. Most of all, I enjoyed the movie because of the relationships and jokes. The Boss Baby is sure to make brothers and sisters get along.
good  Braveheart is a rousing adventure, a passionate romance, and a soul-stirring drama. In short, Mel Gibson's 1995 classic is everything a great Hollywood epic should be. Gibson's second feature film as a director was a revelation. Who knew that Mel Gibson, an established action superstar and leading man, would be capable of helming a grand Medieval epic with the artistry of Braveheart? The story of William Wallace's legendary fight against English tyranny in Medieval Scotland works as a strong action spectacle, but more than that, Braveheart is a heart-rending, almost spiritual experience, a rare film of bellowing passion that earns every towering emotion it conjures.Braveheart tackles the ambitious task of retelling the legend of William Wallace (Mel Gibson), a Scottish warrior who led a revolt against the English occupants of Scotland in the early part of the 14th Century. After his secret love (Catherine McCormack) is killed by English noblemen occupying the Scot's village, Wallace begins a rebellion that eventually leads all the way to King Longshanks (Partrick McGoohan) of England. The story is not a historical retelling of the real William Wallace, but an account of the mythic figure of William Wallace, the larger-than-life Scottish hero. Mel Gibson is at his charismatic best as Wallace. His presence on screen conveys every bit of the folk legend that Wallace has become. It might not be an accurate portrait of a real historical figure, but it is an exquisite visualization of a fabled warrior. The movie is, after all, based on the epic poem written by Blind Harry in the 15th Century. The choice to treat the story romantically rather than realistically is treated as a negative by some, but it is actually a brilliant decision by Gibson and screenwriter Randall Wallace. The romantic approach opens the film up to more emotion, more drama, and more action than a straightforward docu-drama would. Braveheart relishes in the romance of a time and place. The story is massive in scope, and it plays to all those time-tested notes of classic Hollywood adventures. Braveheart is a sentimentalized version of William Wallace, no doubt, but it is also surprisingly authentic. From the muddy village huts and crude stone castles to the close-quarter violence of the battle scenes, Braveheart is a legitimately unvarnished look into the cold, cruel world of Medieval Scotland. This marriage of idealism and realism strikes at the heart of what makes Braveheart so special. It works just as well as a tear-jerker and an action adventure.One of the standouts in Braveheart are the battle scenes, which Mel Gibson stages with tremendous scale and violence. The battles are appropriately chaotic, but the way Gibson and editor Steven Rosenblum cut between the indecipherable mayhem and punctuative killshots gives the battles orientation. The violence is effective. Every brutal blow wince-inducingly severe. This is not typical Hollywood sword and sandals action, this is real, visceral action, and it carries a purpose. Braveheart brilliantly captures the strategy, as well as the barbarism inherent in Medieval warfare.Braveheart is a fantastic action epic, but it outclasses those trappings. There have been many historical epics that have come and gone before and after Braveheart, but precious few of them can compete with this film's craftsmanship. What Gibson has achieved here almost miraculous. He takes what might be groaning clichés in the hands of a lesser director, and injects them with a poignancy that they frankly do not deserve. We get the obligatory love stories, the death scenes, the speeches, the evil kings and the treacherous allies. It's all been done before, but never with such unbridled passion behind the camera. The characters are archetypes, but they show what influence a great director and great actors can have on a character. The supporting cast is so filled with personality, you just cannot help but root for what could have easily become two-dimensional placeholders. James Cosmo's Campbell, Brenden Gleeson's Hamish, and Sophie Marceau's compassionate Princess Isabelle are excellent, and Angus MacFadyen as Robert the Bruce does Oscar-worthy work as a man who's loyalty balances precariously between the English and the Scottish sides of the conflict. James Horner's music may be the under-appreciated key to Braveheart's success. The mournful bagpipes and spirited Scottish melodies of Horner's score are downright essential for the film's emotional climaxes, of which there are many. When those climaxes hit, they hit hard, and that is thanks in large part to the music. Horner's score carries the same earnest spirit of the rest of the production. The music of Braveheart is precisely as big and bold as the story demands.Braveheart is a masculine story, a simple-minded tale of heroes and villains executed with brute force. Of course it is an exciting action movie, we might have expected that from the star of Mad Max and Lethal Weapon, but the real discovery in Braveheart is its beauty. For all its violence and primitive mayhem, Braveheart never lets go of its absolutely rousing grandeur. It doesn't just allow you to look on it with appreciation, it demands it. Braveheart is cathartic in the way it overpowers you with emotion. There are shots in this film that nearly brought me to tears by their sheer beauty alone. When the story, the characters, the images (filmed by cinematographer John Toll), and the music crescendo, it hits like a wave of overwhelming gratitude. The admirable thing about Braveheart is how Gibson and company stick to their guns. They don't conceal the drama or play it subtly. Gibson allows the tragedies, the treachery, and the triumphs of the William Wallace legend to be extravagant. The story is sprawling, the romances are passionate, and the emotions are let out with uninhibited fury. Braveheart is a man's movie, a brutal action epic that will satisfy any red-blooded man's desire for violence and carnage. The remarkable thing is that Braveheart is also a movie that moved me like few have before. 95/100
good  As I watched that movie, I saw the Turkish relationships in the best way that it could be shown. A very good choice of cast is the most powerful criterion of the success of the movie. Humeyra, the grandmother is a very talented woman in acting. Emotional scenes become more frequent while we see the movie to get to the end. Unfortunate events make the Turkish people get closer to each other. The movie shows that perfectly. Hospitality, love, grief, laughs... Everything is included in this movie. An emotional breakthrough. The movie also points on the elderly reality -now an impossibility- the torture, made by the cops.Better to be watched by fathers and sons. Also, crying may occur, don't worry; too many people who watched the movie had the same.
good Gran Torino - They don't make them like they used to....Mr. Eastwood has a knack for storytelling. Instead of being preachy or having an all to obvious agenda, he lets his viewers make up their own minds. His characters don't have a message, they have a life and make no excuses for who they are. In so many subtle and intelligent ways we are allowed to make our own choices. Like with Kowalski in the movie, you are not confronted with a role model hammering home all those "life's important messages", but rather with a movie saying "Look! This is the way it worked out for me. And I think I know a few tricks that might help you, but in the end it's your own life. However, you have to trust me when I say that there are a some things you don't want to see or experience!". Some people will leave this movie entirely untouched, others will certainly be crying their guts out. Not because some people "get it" and others "don't", but because it is a brilliant piece of entertainment reaching out to every viewer in its own specific way.Eastwood's acting is top notch again, although the years have not been very kind to his voice. The rest of the cast are fine, but one can certainly spot their more amateurish backgrounds here and there which is the main reason why I could not give this one a 10/10.Apart from that there is little to criticize. It's not an action movie, not a drama movie and certainly not a comedy (even though you get a few laughs out of this one). It's simply a good story about life.....and death.
good  In his long career, Alfred Hitchcock directed many great films. Rebecca ranks as one of the greatest. It was the only Hitchcock movie to win a Best Picture Oscar and it was his first Hollywood film after leaving England. This was also the first film in which he adapted someone else's work, the famous novel by de Maurier.This film features all the twists and strange characters you would expect from Hitchcock along with the trademark unexpected ending. Sir Laurence Olivier is great, as usual, as Maximillian de Winter. The stunning Joan Fontaine is wonderful as "the Second Mrs. de Winter". Rebecca is an entertaining thriller by one of the masters of film.
good  "Guns don't kill people, people kill people" such a truthful phrase in this modern-day world. Well take this phrase, combine it with legendary house, and some events that occurred in the past and this mixture results in the plot of our next movie. Welcome to another Robbie's movie review, and tonight I'll be posting on the latest horror movie entitled Winchester. This interesting spectacle holds some wonder to it, but does it have the goods to deliver, especially with sensation Helen Mirren leading the charge? I'm here to answer that question for you, so let's get going. LIKES:The Setting: One of the coolest things about horror movies is the potential to craft new, dark, incredible settings that bring life, or in this case death, to the screen. The movie has one of the most interesting settings I've seen in a while, a glamorized mansion modeled after the Winchester estate. This jigsaw puzzle like house is not the friendliest on the eyes, but it works to craft a twisted chamber that plays games on the mind. It holds great potential for a lot of scares with the uncertainty that lies around every corner and angled stair case. And once the lights go down and only the candles flicker, that is when the true craziness of the house is unleashed. The Character Development: Scary movies are mostly about scares, and in much of the modern-day media that's all they care about. Fortunately, Winchester goes a different route and brings focus back to the characters walking the hallowed halls. Both Mirren's character and Jason Clarke have some decent plot arcs to tie them to the central story contained within Winchester's elaborate walls. Their journey through their struggles has some potent emotion behind, specifically Clarke's whose path to enlightenment takes a few dramatic twists that are impressive. I liked the personalization of the characters, even the big bad spirit, that had a little more backbone to it than simply being dead. And how all these characters mesh into this story, helps give a purpose to all the scares that are at hand. The Twist: The story itself is not too unique, but it is stronger than most horror movies hold. While character development certainly has a hand in it, and a fairly linear story to tag on to, the movie really shines in the twist that awaits those brave viewers. The director and cinema crew were able to hide the truth quite well, using subtle camera work, dialogue, and timing to really draw your attention away. And when it finally all comes to a draw, you applaud at the integration to the plot it holds and transforms into the final act of the movie. Certainly not the creepiest of the characters, but also held some impressive makeup to help seal the deal. DISLIKES:Minor Scare Factor: I'll admit, one scene got my flinching, but Winchester didn't have the scares the initial trailer laid down for us. They rely on the same scare tactics throughout the 90-minute film, jump scares galore that rely on the sound suddenly dropping and something popping out. While diverse in the things that come out in the dark, the tactics stay pretty much the same and eventually lose the edge they wanted to keep. Even the exciting climax was nonchalant because it had crossed into the overdramatic and away from the scares. A little more creepiness, might have helped this factor out, but maybe the implied sequel will come in. Under Utilization of Characters: The movie is primarily about Mirren and Clarke's characters. The other characters, they unfortunately are reduced to secondary roles that are semi-significant, but still lacking that needed edge that could have helped them stand out. Henry and his mom, and John the head carpenter, they were specifically mentioned, and then...they quickly faded into the background until their hasty conclusions. Again, not the worst use of characters, but some finesse and better integration could have been the key. The Story/Other Ghosts: I mentioned that the story was a big improvement over much of the horror movies I have seen, but I also said there was room for improvement. Winchester's story has some depth to it, but there were some plot points that were built up and then fizzled out. Mirren's family tragedy, the trauma young Henry and his mom truly faced, and even the ghost's master plan all kind of dropped short of the details I had hoped to see. Had these stories been taken a little farther, not only would the story have improved, but it also would have given the story a little more edge and allowed for other ghosts to enter the mix. Speaking of ghosts, I believe the trailer promised many spirits trolling the halls and torturing our heroes. And once again this movie failed to deliver. Plenty of spirits fell victim to the Winchester rifles, but only one of them had the guts to have any bite to the story. The rest had a few jump moments, but their stories were lost to the background, contained in the books that line the wall of the main room. And those hidden in the bolted rooms, most of them didn't even bother to make an appearance, or any meaningful one at that. No, Winchester needed to conduct a séance to recruit more spirits to its cavalcade. The VERDICT:  Winchester wasn't the scariest movie to haunt the theaters, but it is a better piece of storytelling than most horror movies have these days. Solid character development and a twist help bring this twisted setting to life, and provide a semi-entertaining movie to the audience. The film still needs some amplification to boost things along. Primarily in the story and integration of the characters, Winchester fails to capitalize on the ghosts of the manor to provide all those scares, and falls victim to failed scare tactics. And had they integrated and dived further in all the characters stories, perhaps this too could have soared to higher quality. Not the worst movie in the world, but this one can be saved until the Redbox picks it up. My scores: Biography/Fantasy/Horror: 7.0Movie Overall: 6.0
good Peter Bogdanovich's labor of love comes after his slavish (yet still enjoyable) homage to screwball comedies, "What's Up, Doc?". "Paper Moon", though, has a more honest feel. The collaborative contributions from everyone involved with Bogdanovich, from the sublime performances by Tatum O'Neal (very, very brave), Ryan O'Neal (his gift for comedy is genuine), Madeline Kahn (vulnerable and funny) and P.J. Johnson (stealing virtually every scene she's in), to the sharp cinematography by Laszlo Kovacs (everything is in deep focus), as well as Polly Platt's outstanding production design and the entertaining script by Alvin Sargent (based on Joe David Brown's novel "Addie Pray", unread) are a continual delight to movie lovers and film students alike. Bogdanovich brings a scholar's passion and precision to his Depression-era story about a con man who's consistently conned by his would-be eight year old (yet world-weary) daughter as they travel the Midwest and you can see the dedication in every shot, some takes of which are quite extended. The O'Neal father and daughter pairing is especially inspired: they bring out the best in each other and their hilarious, spontaneous rapport takes the film to another level; Bogdanovich uses their natural freshness as the film's centerpiece, and it's this freshness that allows him to veer off into sudden moments of seriousness that grounds the picture to the pathos of the era it portrays--it becomes real, accurate and graven even as it strives to entertain. A vital, focused masterpiece--on so many levels, it's what watching a movie is all about.
good  No other film comes anywhere near to getting people to find out what things would have been like if an event had or had not taken place - Groundhog Day comes close (my second favourite) and Sliding Doors tries.For sheer emotion this film has the lot. I have watched it over 40 times now and I still get tearful towards the end of the film. If anyone wants to find out why life is worth living, this is the one to watch.
good Anytime you have a mystery, you want the audience to feel like they are part of the process. Where the viewer feels like they could have solved the mystery with the right amount of motivation. That is why, in most mystery movies, you have a character that is unique and even quirky, a person that stands out above others. However in this tale, you have a bland, uninteresting guy making each scene feel long and boring. Max Irons, that plays the detective, is mundane and even dusty, in the role that makes the story drag on like waiting at the emergency room admitting office. The entire movie, except for some scenes near the end, almost became unwatchable as drab performances and ill-timed background music filled the film. A movie mystery from an interesting book was turned into a long walk in a small platoon of trees.This movie did have a number of great actors but it was obvious they were not used to their potential. And with the script going from one suspect to another suspect in a matter of minutes, the viewer only got a small potion of each character background right before changing to another scene with another character actor. For an Agatha Christie mystery, this film was lacking the excitement that was expected.
good  The 5th Wave is a new Sci-Fi Film directed by J Blakeson and is based on the novel of the same name by Rick Yancey. Cassie Sullivan (Chloë Grace Moretz,-Kick Ass) was a normal teenage girl before Earth was invaded by the others, destroying homes and family's. In desperation to find her younger brother, she teams up with a man who might be her final hope.I had been excited for this movie for maybe about a year. When the movie finally came out, I went in on the first day and first session, and boy was I not disappointed!Director J Blakeson did an amazing job with pretty much everything in this movie!Chloë Grace Moretz made a terrific performance playing the title role Cassie Sullivan. She got in so much depth with her character, she played the emotions perfectly, not under-exaggerated, not Over- Exaggerated, it was perfect! But so were all the other actors, including Alex Roe as Evan Walker, and Nick Robbinson as Ben Parish. Director J Blakeson did so well at keeping the story at a pace, the story never got boring and it never stretched out any of the scenes. I was always at the edge of my seat, especially with realistic special effects of the floods, the explosions, EVERYTHING!The story was filled with heaps of action and awesomeness! It is hard to find a movie these days with a great story-line, effects, dialogue and acting. But, this movie was fantastic and is worth the $15.00 you pay for the ticket. It did leave me with a few questions though, but it was overall, one of the greatest movies I have ever seen. I would watch it again and buy it on Blu-Ray. So if you are looking for a good watch, go see The 5th Wave!
good This is so good movie with good story, and great cast
good  Having seen Kurosawa's Seven Samurai at least 10 times, I still see something new every time I watch it.  I don't see how anyone, especially a non-Japanese, could possibly absorb this movie in less than 2 or 3 viewings. I've always been surprised at how each of the 7 samurai can make such an individual impression on you even if you can't understand Japanese. Although Toshiro Mifune is often considered the star, for me its Takashi Shimura who is firmly fixed at the center of the movie.  He is the guiding moral force from the moment of his appearance in the film and can capture the viewer's attention in a way similar to Alec Guinness.  Mifune's character can be annoying at first in his loutish behavior, but he gains stature throughout the film and eventually becomes a unifying force second only to Shimura.  Minoru Chiaki as the woodcutting samurai provides a subtle humor and the others look to him to boost their morale.  Daisuke Kato is another very familiar face to Japanese movie fans and provides an excellent foil to Shimura as his second in command.  Yoshio Inaba is very good as the samurai who is recruited by Shimura and quickly builds a strong rapport with him.  Seiji Miyaguchi as the "expert" warrior, dedicated to honing his skill as a swordsman is a very low key yet likeable character.  Ko Kimura as the young hero-worshipping samurai, as well as the love interest of the peasant girl, wishes to be a great samurai, but is easily distracted by a field of flowers or a pretty face.  The peasants in the village being defended by the samurai each have their own defining characteristics as well.In addition to the wealth of interesting characters, we have a terrific action plot--the defending of the village from 40 marauding bandits by the small troop of samurai--, and a more subtle secondary plot involving the distrust of the samurai by the villagers due to the historical interaction of these two classes in feudal Japan.  All of these plot and character elements are woven together into an unforgettable epic, but, at least in my opinion, its not one that can be absorbed in a single sitting.  While it's similar in this sense to another of my favorite epics, Leone's Once Upon a Time in the West, it is more complex given the number of characters.I can only say that your patience with this film will probably be well rewarded if you take the time to give it multiple viewings.  You will also have the pleasure of seeing many of the samurai and villagers pop up in other Kurosawa films and films of other Japanese directors.  If you like Mifune and Shimura in this one, catch them in Stray Dog and Drunken Angel in very different settings and parts.  This one is 10 out of 10 without a doubt.
good  Well, your friendly neighbourhood superhero is back! Its a different time now for Peter Parker as Spider-Man now becoming an icon,hero and idol for the people of New York. Consequently, it makes Parker become egoistic and arrogant and thus lead to many conflicts that he need to overcome as a human and a hero.The good aspects about this film are : 1-The action sequences are stylish, brilliantly done and intense as hell. You need to see to believe it! The used of CGI here deserve an applause.2- For a superhero flick, it balance its heart-pumping action scenes and well written drama with flair.3- The creation of Sandman and Venom are very memorable and astounding.4- J. Jonah Jameson and the Maître d' (brilliantly played by Bruce Campbell) really steal every scenes their in! Pure classic comedy moment.5- The ending. A bit cliché but still sum up the trilogy quite nicely. It also provide hints that the future of this franchise is still bright.The negative aspects of this flick: 1- The pacing. It felt rush ( not as smooth as Spider-Man 2) and there is little character development, especially from the villains. I felt for Dr.Ock from spider-man 2 far more than Sandman and Venom combine. The beautiful Gwen Stacy doesn't contribute much to the film. A waste of time for her actually. They should save this girl for the next film to produce more tension for Parker and Mary Jane.2-Lots of crying and disco dancing. The scene in the club, where Parker (his dark side) expose his talent in dancing ( Fez from That 70's Show comes to my mind immediately when i watched this scene)is overlong. They should just cut it a bit and add more character development.3-The climax. It so predictable and the dialogues from the female reporter are cringe-inducing . " Oh, the brutality." Enough said.Overall, its still an enjoyable movie. I enjoyed it better than Spider-Man 1 but I think it cannot top the brilliant of Spider-Man 2. I hope if there is a Spider-Man 4, there should stick to one villain in that movie. It really makes all the different.
good  The film, Gandhi, is Richard Attenborough's tribute to Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi (1869-1948). Although it won eight Academy Awards, Including Best Director and Picture, the film has been criticized for a variety of reasons by people who did not realize that Gandhi himself was the greatness of the film. Ben Kingsley portrayed Gandhi to perfection. The Indian music was by the great Ravi Shankar.Gandhi was an Indian lawyer, educated in England, who entered the political arena in South Africa to fight against the treatment of Indian immigrants, uniting both Hindus and Muslims in the cause. Everyone, even his enemies, were impressed by his willingness to suffer, even die, at the hands of those in power, rather than back down from a just cause. He won the victory by insisting that his followers use civil disobedience and eschew all violence, thereby depriving the authorities of a justification for violent suppression. Gandhi explained it: "When I despair, I remember that all through history, the way of truth and love has always won. There have been murderers and tyrants, and for a time they can seem invincible. But in the end they always fall. Think of it, always."He returned to India after the victory to become that country's spiritual leader. He led the struggle for independence from Britain, still insisting on non-violent means. The goal of independence was achieved but the Hindus and Muslims did not unite as they had in South Africa. Instead, they caused India to be split into India, Pakistan and East Pakistan, which later separated from Pakistan as Bangladesh. Gandhi was assassinated by a Hindu fanatic.Two decades later, his methods were used by Martin Luther King in the fight against segregation in the United States of America. Gandhi and King were both willing to die for a cause and they both did but even now, in the next century, there is still some hatred between Hindus and Muslims in Kashmir state and between blacks and whites in America. Where is the next Gandhi? Where is the next Martin Luther King? Such men are still needed all over the world.
good As a big consumer of horror movies it is now difficult for me to find a new one that really scares me. This one does.Good perfomance for all the actresses.The tension gets higher every minute of the film
good  Actually I dislike his or her comments badly. If you didn't get it watch it again. This is not a piece to just entertain, the creator has put his own feeling and I believe life experience and the fear always buried in children's mind into it. It is a comely tale that express the creator's thoughts in some way, whilst shining as a attractive animation piece with so many details that you might have ignore if you were careless. It is a rich story and I can see the efforts creators put into it in many spots and frames.e.g. While Chihiro was walking towards the garden where Haku told her to meet him, she passed some stairs where she can see an island, there are some house on it, she stopped for it for a little while, that, represents her longing to human world, her own world, this kind of details can be ignored by many people but they don't mind putting it in to make the whole story richer, more truthful, full of power of humanity.Apart from that, did you ever notice that some "camera language" was used very well to tell the story in a more entertaining and better pace.e.g. When Kamaji was telling Chihiro how Haku turned up to this world before just like what she did, the "camera" panned to where the little rat(changed from the fat baby)was showing off to soots by putting his foot into the spell melted print while Kamaji's introduction about Haku's background is also getting across to the audience. This is just one of the details that shows how much story telling skills and rhythm control of plots.There're many other things like this, shouldn't be ignored if you want to make a nice comment, even though as an American viewer you might miss a lot of the story by lack of the culture background, but that's not the reason that you can comment it as anyway you want without even really READ the film.I am a visual effects person and film maker but I can't tell where the jerking of the footage and the stopping of character's movement are in the film. could Gazzer please enlighten us? As also a fan of Pixar I hope I don't have bias on either American animations or Japanese ones, but as a Chinese who might have some resistance towards Japanese products for national esteem or historic reason, I still admires Ghibli Studio's work. "Spirited Away" is a masterpiece of elegant picture and touching story, if Gazzer-2 knows what that means."Ice Age" was a pretty cute one of Fox productions, but not good enough to compete with "Spirited Away" I'm afraid. And I'd laugh at the opinion that the story of "Ice Age" is much simpler hence Oscar committee didn't recognise it, actually I believe "Spirited Away" was beautifully hand-painted frame by frame while "Ice Age" had a giant crew in 3d animation and visual effects. I'm afraid Ice Age was the much more complicated one.
good  This is it. A film that you can't get your eyes off until lights are back on... and then it's still difficult to stand up. A thriller, with lovable main characters, that makes you smile and think. A movie about a crime and a love. It has one of best chase scenes I've ever seen, involving what seems to be real complex camera work, something that could've been part of a Lord of the Rings movie maybe (at least that is what it looked like from my seat). Simply amazing. The acting is perfect. The pace is perfect. The ending couldn't be better (and we have seen so many great films that spoil it all at the end!).Just go see it and enjoy what cinema should always be. It's a 10 out of 10.
good  How do you follow up a movie that is possibly the best example of a sci-fi/horror movie ever? Simple. Make what is possibly the best sci-fi/action movie ever. Eminently quotable and totally enthralling, Aliens burst onto our screen seven years after the original movie was released. At the helm this time was the relatively unknown director James Cameron and didn't he do well? The plot is a simple one. After being cryogenically frozen for 57 years, Ripley (Sigourney Weaver), is found floating in space. She is woken up and finds out that the planet they first found the Alien on is now inhabited. Despite her impassioned pleas that her crew was killed by a massive alien that burst out of a man's chest, had acid for blood and two sets of teeth, for some reason she isn't believed. Her pilot status stripped away, she is left to fend for herself, until earth loses contact with the colonists. Then Ripley is talked into joining the Marines assigned to find out what went wrong in an advisory roll. The Marines are cocky, brash, over-confident and wielders of immense amounts of firepower. In short they're dead meat. Also along for the ride are Bishop (Lance Henriksen) - an android, and Burke (Paul Reiser) - a sleazy corporation guy. Upon entering the colonists' facility the Marines find signs of a massive firefight, as well as a remarkably cute little girl generally called Newt (Carrie Henn). Eventually they find where the colonists appear to be. All in one area so it's a simple matter of going down there and finding out what's going on.After the majority of the marines have been killed and their main way off the planet wiped out it's up to the survivors to  basically - continue to survive. Eventually, after a few more casualties, they escape. Except ooops, Newt didn't make it. Happy to leave behind Marines and corporate stooges by the bucket-load, Ripley, who frankly hasn't been the best mother in the world to her own daughter, decides to go back for Newt. An encounter with the Alien Queen and a whole room full of eggs and her finding Newt later and we're back on the space ship, finally safe. Until, of course, in a fantastic fake-out involving more milk and yoghurt than ever before seen on film we see Bishop ripped to shreds by the Alien Queen we thought was left behind to die. The final showdown of these two protective mother figures is a lot of fun, the Queen is sucked out into space and everyone is happy in the end. OK, so maybe the plot isn't all that simple.Many people may have heard me call this a Vietnam War movie and, once again, I stand by that. The Marines, despite their high-tech weaponry look like a unit in Vietnam. This was a conscious decision by Cameron, he went as far as getting the actors to decorate and customise their own costumes. The scenario itself (high-tech army against low-tech but numerically superior forces), vents doubling for tunnels, the heat, the loud Sergeant Apone (Al Matthews) the oppressive atmosphere: all of it feels like Vietnam. You even have Hudson (Bill Paxton) talking about being a short timer! This allows the audience to connect with the characters. By making the distant future feel like our recent past (the war had only finished 11 years previously) we are able to identify with their plight. These aren't super soldiers or men in battle suits. These are grunts who are just doing their job.The acting is generally pretty good, with the supporting cast not given that much to do other than portray a group of Marine stereotypes. Paxton is possibly the most standout of all of the marines, though he does generally get most of the best lines. Michael Biehn as the dependable Cpl. Hicks, Ripley's love interest, is also very good. Both Henriksen and Reiser give great performances, with memories still strong of Ian Holms android going postal in the first movie, Henriksen plays every moment for all of its sinister value until the very end when we realise Bishop is a good guy, and Reiser is so slimy he practically leaves a trail.The best performance of the movie is easily that given by Weaver. The fact that in 1987 a performance in a sci-fi/action movie should be nominated for an Oscar is testament enough to the quality of her acting. The mother-daughter bond that grows between Ripley and Newt is central to the movie, and one that allows Weaver to develop her character even further. Of course Cameron cannot resist mirroring this with the maternal instincts of the Alien Queen. These themes of motherhood and the nature of the difference between the two species are continued in the next two movies, although never as subtly.What can I say about the direction? It's James Cameron, so there is a lot of blue or red on the screen. Here it leads to a truly atmospheric feel, the tension building up as things just go from bad to worse for the marines. With clever use of camera angles, quick cuts, lighting and good old fashioned dry ice, Cameron never once gives away too much about the aliens, and manages to make it feel like there are far more on screen than there really are.This is a movie that does not give you a break. Cameron is either piling on the dramatic tension or the adrenalin pumping action. Everything about this movie is sheer class and it is rightly considered one of the best of its type ever made. If you don't like this movie then the problem is your taste in films, not the film itself. If you have not seen it, not only am I surprised, I recommend you do so when you're in the mood to have a roller-coaster ride but Blackpool is too far away.
good  At first, I wasn't interested in seeing the Matrix. But after hardly hearing any bad reviews for it (and believe me, I hear bad reviews for every movie I enjoy) I decided to give it a try. At first, although I really loved the fights, graphics and characters, the plot confused me. (Anyone confused by the plot at all should go to www.knowthematrix.com and you'll find out everything you could want to know) By the second time I watched it, I really understood it, which made the movie even more enjoyable.I really loved this movie. Just about every character, good or bad, is very interesting and cool. The acting was excellent. Even though I think this was Keanu Reeves at his best, the best acting jobs were done by Laurence Fishburne (Morpheus) and Carrie-Anne Moss (Trinity). Hugo Weaving did an excellent job as Agent Smith and Joe Pantoliano was great as Cypher as well.The plot is one of the best movie plots I've seen in a movie. An accountant by day, computer hacker by night guy suddenly finds out that reality as we know it is fake and that we are actually in a giant computer program run by robots (that we created, of course) in order for them to get power. Not only that, but he finds out that he is one who is, according to prophecy, going to put an end to it. The greatest thing is that you learn things just as Neo does, so you can really relate to his character.My favorite thing about this movie is that no matter how many times you watch it, you will learn more about it. I guarantee this. Some may not like this movie because the plot is too complicated, but I recommend that anyone who enjoys movies should go buy this one right away.
good I'm reviewing my second DCOM. (Disney Channel Original Movie.) The last one was 'How To Build A Better Boy', which was also pretty good. (I'm an English language teacher and this'll be a fun diversion for my students, once I have edited it down to about 50 minutes and added captions.)The 'messages' aren't subtle so if you don't mind being bashed over the head with the idea that it's better to be who you are and that segregation is bad, then you'll probably enjoy this whimsical tale.What elevates this movie even more is the incredible and palpable chemistry between the two leads. If you look at other clips on YouTube of these two fooling around together and goofing about , it's clear that they really like each other and enjoy each other's company. She's a cheerleader from a well-to-do family and he's a zombie from the wrong side of the tracks... will they find true love? It's not Jane Austin but it is a fun ride. Lots of song and dance numbers, an unoriginal but enjoyable storyline and lashings of good humored banter between the characters.The catchy 'Jackson Five' style songs and the elaborate dance numbers are good fun, the story is straightforward and pleasant and the whole affair should have the girls laughing and crying in equal measure throughout the 90 minute run-time.Best lines of the movie - when Addison is trying out for the squad she wants to know what style the moves are..."Captain Bucky, was that funky chicken cajun or shake-n-bake?""Well, I've never heard of cajun, so... spice it up."Brilliant!
good  What transfixes me throughout every scene of this sinewy, offbeat film is the extraordinarily pragmatic realism of the hurtles Sonny and Sal confront inside the bank. Not even twenty minutes into the film, we find we're already seeing things absolutely no other crime film has ever included that are astonishing in their dramatic persuasiveness. The head teller and the bank manager picking apart Sonny's plan with him. One clerk's husband calls and asks what time the robbers will be through so he knows if he has to cook for himself or not. While ordering the bank manager to help him block the back entrance by moving a big desk, Sonny asks offhand why he'd hire a diabetic as a guard, and is told in ordinary person-to-person terms what a guard's salary is and why poor old Howard has that job.And when does Mulvaney the bank manager, played by captivating unknown character actor Sully Boyar, tell hostage-taker he'd like to see his family again but if someone must be taken, take him? When he's helping his captor move a big desk to block the back. They sound like regular working urbanites so caught up in the daily grind of city life that they might as well be making small talk in an elevator. Later, the phone rings, Sonny picks up, it's a sicko telling him to kill 'em all. Sonny hangs up after four seconds, moving on. The female tellers sit and sweat while giggling about the same silly things---"He said the f-word." "Well, I'm a Christian and my ears are not garbage cans."---in the thick of a hostage situation and a media circus. Poignant, real.Every nuance of Pacino's performance is incredibly realistic. He practically possesses the audience, as we can begin to expect certain things from him and care about him because he's played by an actor who completely subsists as him. At points when characters speak of him off-screen, speaking of things that we are surprised to hear about him, that take us aback and color his image, Pacino has prepared the size for those turning points to fit in. His improvised scenes are exceptional as well, and are in fact some of the most riveting, nail-bitingly intense scenes in the entire film. In such scenes, he is matched by the great actor Charles Durning and Chris Sarandon's becoming fulfillment of his role.Indeed, this is by far Durning's most riveting performance. He works so well here because in shouting matches with Sonny, he looks and sounds entirely his age, not a movie character. He's fat, middle-aged, tired, just as surprised as everybody else. He runs short of breath, trying desperately to keep up with the pressure cooking higher all around him. As Det. Sgt. Eugene Moretti, Durning epitomizes the thankless job of a police officer more candidly and perfectly than any other movie cop I've ever seen. One of this stunning succession of brilliant scenes is the first time Sonny emerges to talk face-to-face with Moretti in the street, which begins with a protracted pin-drop silence and slowly, steadily, invisibly culminates in deafening, ear-splitting chaos.Lumet opens the film with a montage of city scenes in NYC with a good getting-up-in-the- morning song like Elton John's Amoreena and with the same indifference ends up on Sonny, Sal and their friend waiting outside a bank in a car, an image that just happens to continue. This is a great way to demonstrate the it-could-happen-anywhereness. Lumet's overall direction of the film is beautiful, indicative once again of the masterful mainstay of cinema in the 1970s. The climactic final ten minutes are ruthless in their steadily unraveling, almost unbearably intense tragedy. It's not only one of the most effective uses of sound to create drama I've ever seen, but everything concludes exactly as it would in reality.
good This was a totally waist of time. This movie is plagued with horrible directing and writing basically it's a forgettable piece of waist not worth the time. Netflix should be ashamed of themselfs... worst movie of 2018 i wouldn't recommend it to anyone Cause i wouldn't want anybody to recommend me it.To end this on less rantish note. Do yourself a favor and watch game over or maybe stare at a wall.
good  When I was a very little boy, I saw that movie on The Bulgarian National Television and I really fell in love with it:)). It was a kind of magic that took my heart to eternity and from there it saw all the world in a very amusing way:)). I will probably never forget the first time I saw that movie...I really hope that everybody will continue watching it and it won't be among the forgotten movies... If you're very very young and you haven't seen it yet, then see it, you will feel the greatest force of the white magic:)))).Judy Garland is THE PERFECT DOROTHY!!!:)))See it, OK??:)))))
good I read some of the reviews here and am wondering what all the negative reviewers expected. Who didn't know this was a huge, costly disaster movie? Who didn't know there were going to be many unbelievable scenes? Who didn't know there would be some cheesy dialogue? Well, I, for one, enjoyed it. The last good disaster movie I saw was The Towering Inferno, and you know that was a long, long time ago. It's still my favorite disaster flick. San Andreas, of course, had much better special effects. (several decades later, better effects, right?) I thought the scenes of the destruction were amazing. We all know disaster movies usually focus on a handful of people in it and this one was no different. The movie was entertaining for me. I hope it is for you, too. :)
good  This was a great start for Bruce Willis. This movie all started with John Mcclane on his Christmas vacation from New York to Los Angles to visit his wife Holly, which they were separated. John and Holly had an argument about their marriage. All of a sudden, while Holly was having a meeting, the German terrorist took over the plaza. The way how those terrorist planed their attack was incredible. All because of Theo, he know how to use computers and shutting off the elevators. And Karl played by Alexander Godunov, I had my eyes on him the way how he look suspicious with his long hair. Alan Rickman was the right actor to play as Hans Gruber, the way how he did that German ascent. As soon John accidentally killed Karl's brother during their fight all things broke lose with him, the part when Karl said " I want blood". The only part was so stupid was when Ellis trying to be a hero claiming to be John's friend. Ellis should of known that Hans was really going to kill him. I liked the way how John handled the terrorist situation as a New York cop. Reginald Veljohnson played as Sargent Al Powell stole the movie too. Such as, the way how Sargent Powell trusted John Mcclane, standing up for himself against Executive Chief Duane T. Robinson,including in the ending when held up his gun and shot down Karl. I also like the part when John and Hans finally met when Hans was acting like a hostage and claiming that he works for Neketomi. I think that was a challenging part for the director to put those two together. The best fight in Die Hard was John and Karl, I enjoyed that fight. All the lines in Die Hard were never broken by another movie. Such as, " welcome to the party pal". and " I came by to the Christmas party by mistake who knew".
good  A must see movie. This movie is a good sequel to the last two. Introduces new characters and actors. Very funny too. I like this movie alot it is a good movie. A very enjoyable movie about the Salinskis and their cousins(Wayne's brother's family. Adds alot of fun. Go and see it, rent it, or buy the video. This is a very good movie.
good Sometimes you need to realize what should and shouldnt be done. This was the worst ever batman adaptation you can think of. No cohesive plots just plain nonsense. Its like it was written by a 5 yr old. The writer was so bad it felt like he didnt even want to try. Please keep anime style out. If you want to still atleast learn the baseline batman was built on. Actual monkeys simulating to form a big robot and on top of that bats forming to make a picture perfect batman size robot. I mean Literally!!!! What the hell were they thinking?!? Definitely drunk or high for even imagining this. Whoever was responsible for this should be fined rather than paid. Yes you heard me right this is a complete waste of time.
good  Whoever is dissatisfied by Raging Bull, I'm sure they watched it with expectations of watching a sports movie, like Rocky. Despite the AFI chose Raging Bull as the #1 sports movie of all time, you can't expect to see the most breathtaking boxing match nor to witness the best crochet of boxing history. Raging Bull can only be classified as a drama/biography. Director Scorsese chose to go with black&white cinematography only to keep the young viewers away from this masterpiece of art. It's not fair to compare Rocky with Raging Bull. Rocky was a populist movie mostly for young viewers, and Raging Bull is a cinematic masterpiece. From a wide point of view, for instance, if you look at one of the Michelangelo's paintings; at first you see a nude woman, if you look longer and deeper you realize that her nudity expresses some thought, if you look continuously and give a life to it in your imagination you discover that the women are not just their bodies. Accordingly, like it is not enough looking once to a painting to understand what opinion does it defend; it is not reasonable and not fair to watch Raging Bull so as to see a sports movie. Also it is not reasonable to see Raging Bull only once. Raging Bull is one movie that, every time you watch it you get a better taste, every time you watch it you discover something new. Raging Bull taught us that even if you are the best at some skill, even if you are the best of all; you need to create witnesses, admirers and supporters of your skill. It's the only way to reach the top. Moreover, it is harder to stay at the top than to reach the top. Not because someone better than you can defeat you, it's just because of the need to be accepted on every authority; like the Council of Judges, the Media and the Admiration of People. Director Scorsese draws benefit from the hypocrisy of fame. He empowers Raging Bull to make people ask to their conscience if the popular values that people choose can really cherish their values. In Raging Bull, Jake La Motta was the best boxer of all, but people didn't like him. He was disrespectful, he was uncivilized, he was very ugly, he was arrogant, he was irritable and he didn't care; 'cause he believed himself. Despite the fact that he is the best, everybody disliked him. Soon, he was left alone; and in a very short time he lost everything he possessed. When he opened his eyes back to life, he found himself in prison. The scene that he is punching and butting the wall facing him is one of the most heart rending memorable scenes of the whole cinema history. At the end, he finally throws in the towel of believing himself, he loses his faith and becomes to learn what he never wanted to learn: The Fame. He starts running his own business at a night club under his name, working as a stand-up comedian at the stage. People laugh at him for the jokes he made out of his memories, the jokes paraphrasing the bitter facts of life; including the very famous joke of the British King Richard-III which he said in the year 1485 just before dying: "A horse, a horse... My kingdom for a horse!". There we understand truly: For every joke there lies a share of a fact underneath.
good The only reason I didn't give it a higher review was that as an avid sci-fi reader, I can't help but notice plot holes and improbabilities in the time travel scenario as depicted. Aside from that, the movie was tautly written and dealt with some pretty heavy themes regarding environmental destruction and war. It was pretty incredible seeing the antagonist deliver some scathing denunciations of our current society, this in a Disney flick. Tautly written, family friendly, kick ass female robot and protagonist, plus George Clooney. Great entertainment with thought provoking, continually evolving plot twists. It is not a dark, depressing movie and doesn't cavil about promoting a positive future available to us as a result of our current choices.
good It's not good as the original but still a fun ride! I read a lot of bad comments of this movie. A lot of people was expecting the plot like the original. What do you expect, it's a Tim Burton film! It has action, dark humor, some romance, drama, and so on. If you are going to see this film, don't expect it to be like the original. Expect it to be another great Tim Burton film. I had so much fun watching this film but it has some flaws. See it, but do not expect it to be just like the 1968 version. It would be better if there was a sequel. The ending was not as good as I thought it would be. If Tim made a sequel, then the ending would be explained better because it was confusing. So go ahead! See it!
good A film about LA and water set in the l930's during a drought with a dark incestuous subplot and some stunning performances by Faye Dunaway and Jack Nicholson, and superb cinematography that seemed to capture the essence of LA. Directed by Roman Polanski, who makes a terrific cameo appearance as a switchblade wielding heavy, and using the considerable acting talents of John Huston as a ruthless and perverted landowner. Read Cadillac Desert to know about LA's water grab but see Chinatown for its brilliant allegory of water and corruption, both public and private. The direction, the screenplay, the acting, the photography, and the soundtrack combine to make a convincing and atmospheric picture. The crushing ending is just so much more icing on the cake.
good "Spotlight" is one of the best realistic and serious movies of recent years. I don't want to tell the story, as you will watch it soon or later, but I want to admire the movie and the content itself. Instead of falling into the stereotypical hero and anti-hero type of movies, the movie narrates the story with realistic characters, sensual REALISTIC emotions and incredibly depicts the integrity and handwork of the Boston Globe investigation team. The acting of Mark Ruffalo and Michael Keaton are great. Finally, the movie does not fall into the category of twisty blockbusters but a realistic movie about an important subject that anyone will admire.
good  Don't listen to the haters giving this movie ones and twos, because this movie is phenomenal! This was my favorite Disney movie before Inside Out came out (then it became my number two favorite). The characters are nice and fun with just enough screen time and character development to make them likable. The story: Brad Bird's GREATEST PREMISE since a Superhero family! The world is going to end because someone has implanted that idea into everyone's heads. So it is up to a girl with a great imagination and determination to save it. But the twist is the bad guy in this movie isn't George Clooney for making the device, or the Audio-Animatronic girl, or even Hugh Laurie. It's US. Because we didn't know any better, we didn't try to fight the idea of the end of the world. So, in a way, WE are the reason that this movie exists. I guess the only reason people hate on this movie is because of the continuity errors and the fact that they are the bad guys. Speaking of, this movie does have it's faults, but who cares when you have a great story and characters AND amazing special effects. And, yeah, the effects in this movie are beyond amazing. When I saw Tomorrowland for the first time, and the rocket in the Eiffel Tower, I was blown away! I saw the trailers and the effects made me gravitate towards this movie! And the trailer is probably another reason why people don't like this movie. The trailer made it look like an early preview for Star Wars 7. I was also expecting that, but when I saw the actual movie, the trailer didn't matter. So what if you didn't get a dumb action sci-Fi flick. You have a new original idea acted well, directed well, written well, and made at the right time that this movie should have been a hit! Tomorrowland: Disney's dream on the big screen, and I LOVE IT.
good If you're looking for a feel-good, bit of a tear jerker country romance movie, then this is for you! Very much so along the lines of Nichols Sparks romances and that's more than okay by me. No, it's not a blockbuster nor does it stray from a bit of cliche. But does that make it any less enjoyable? No.I'm not going to write about the plot, the acting etc. I don't need to. This is a feel good movie with some beautiful country music to boot. Give it a go.
good I started watching days back in 1980 something, when John Black thought he was Roman.My best friend got me into the show and I have been a true fan sense. I will always watch Days, but I have to admit sometimes the show is really bad. It is confusing when actors switch roles for example,Roman used to be Chris and now Dr north is played by the original Roman, whats up with that??Is Lexie the only Dr in Salem?? I miss how the show was in the 80's with the super couples like Bo and Hope ,Kim and Shane and my favorites Patch and Kayla. BRING BACK PATCHI hope the show starts to get better can't stand the horror and sleazy story lines,but in spite of that I watch as often as I can and I hope the show will continue I am addicted.
good  The seventies were the last years of great (American) films. I say films because when we speak of movies nowadays, we allude to blockbusters that generate hundreds of millions of dollars, the least amount of controversy, and are mostly inane crowd pleasers with tacked-on endings.Consider the output of influential film makers Allen during that time: Coppola, Scorsese, Altman, Lumet, Ashby, Bogdanovich, to name a few Americans, not to mention European directors Fellini, Bergman, Wertmuller, Truffaut, Argento, Saura, and Bunuel -- all household names in those days. Before Spielberg and Lucas came along, not a single one of these made movies appealing to the "summer blockbuster tradition," and unlike Spielberg or Lucas, they have a body of work filled in high artistic quality with minimum special effects and a lasting mark on future generations.Polanski is another one of these directors, and with "Chinatown," he reaches his directorial peak amidst the scandals which seemed to taint everything except his art. One can only imagine him in the forties, living his scandals, and transmuting this into high art -- when film-noir was at its darkest. Thankfully he lived in a time which did not demand the "happy ending" or re-shoots in order to be politically correct -- else "Chinatown" would have lost its devastating punch and conformed to the norm.A departure from the horror genre which brought Polanski to stardom, he re-creates an equally grim genre with his jaded view of 1930s Los Angeles down to the choice of the color palette, and using the acting powers of Dunaway and Nicholson to a fantastic effect, he creates haunting characters who can't be easily dismissed as film-noir archetypes without looking very closely at their reactions, listening to their words, and following their progressive involvement in a plot which threatens to swallow them whole, and ultimately does. And having Huston play Noah Cross -- who virtually took noir to its heights with "The Maltese Falcon" -- Polanski hits the mark dead center, because Huston is the hardened heart of the corruption in "Chinatown." In brief scenes he creates a character almost unbearably evil with a hint of madness just underneath, and how he affects the characters around him will pervade the viewer long after the credits have rolled -- after all, he is the person who tells Nicholson he has no idea what he's getting himself into.I doubt this movie could be made today for reasons stated above. I'm thankful Polanski's vision prevailed, and not Towne's. Film-noir is a genre about human darkness, and here, the envelope is pushed all the way through, making this film, in my opinion, rank second to "The Maltese Falcon."
good This could have been a cliché shark movie, but it's not. In some shark movies, the creatures are so unrealistic that the plot loses any credibility. In this, the sharks are just there, where they should be, and doing what they normally do, and the film is very much more terrifying for that. The real horror here is running out of air, and I'm pretty sure I'm not the only viewer of this great little atmospheric film breathing very shallowly indeed to conserve precious air whilst watching it! Having done a bit of diving off Mexico, I reckon this movie is pretty accurate. The cinematography is absolutely superb--every shot is like being there, gorgeously lit and incredibly claustrophobic. I liked the main characters: neither were bimbos. I wanted them both to live. Along with The Shallows, I'd say this is one of the best shark movies out there. Highly recommended.
good I'm going to keep this short and simple, if you aren't a fan of lowbrow, vulgar, and idiotic humour, this isn't for you. If you are, then you'll greatly enjoy it.
good What a bloody stupid idea for a cinema film ! Adapt a teleplay set entirely in one studio bound location , written in real time with absolutely no cinema appeal whatsoever ! Me ? I wouldn`t have touched this script with a barge pole if I was a producer which just goes to show why - Only very very occasionally - some people deserve to be film producers while - Only very very occasionally - people like myself don`t . 12 ANGRY MEN is a masterpiece , maybe not in the way APOCALYPSE NOW or FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING are cinematic masterpieces , but it`s still a masterpiece of high dramaDespite being based on a play Lumet does bring some outstanding directorial flourishes to the film . Look at he scene where the camera cuts from one raised hand to another to an empty space that has a raised hand gingerly creeping into the frame , or the scene where the characters become more and more disgusted with Ed " Know what I mean " Begley`s reactionary diatribe . Please forgive Reginald Rose`s ever so slightly bleeding heart liberal subtext or a couple of unlikely occurances like the scene with the knife , or the fact that jury discussions are nothing like this in real life because even more thought went into this script as went into MEMENTO . This is a classic film and one of the few ones I`ve awarded 10 points to One last point: If you have never seen 12 ANGRY MEN how on earth can you describe yourself as a film fan ?
good In the past 5+ years, I've read articles about the decline of cinema and the great successes of Television. There's no denying that there have been some wonderful TV/web series in recent years, but I think a film like Spotlight is the refresh button that moviegoers have been looking for. The story is compelling, the acting is unnoticeable, and the script seems to flow the way a real conversation would. The writers and director of this film are the "Spotlight" of filmmaking, opening up a sensitive story that people acknowledged but probably couldn't imagine on screen, and they brought it to us in a way where I felt all the emotions of someone finding out the truth for the first time. I watched Spotlight at the Zürich Film Festival and after 2 hours, thought it ended too soon. The only negative thing I could think of was that those French & German subtitles were really getting in the way. Maybe next time, the director could remove those ;)
good I have been fascinated not only by the movie (I have watched this now 10 times) but the divergence of opinion - with some Germans saying it was terrible. This I don't understand. In the West from the time of Charlie Chaplin Hitler was portrayed as a raving lunatic - but to me that does not explain his rise to power. A lunatic could not nearly conquer and enslave half the world. In his early rise to power, he was ridiculed in the West. The fact that this movie gives him some human qualities makes him all the more chilling. There is a dialog between the Junge character and the Braun character that perfectly summarizes Hitler. They talked of the great gulf between the private man and the public man. The Braun character said that she had known the man for 15 years - and yet she knew nothing of him. I believe to truly understand the movie one must also watch the movie with the director's commentary. Everything about this movie - with the exception of 2 things mentioned by the director - (which having just read the spoiler agreement I will refrain from mentioning - everything was based on fact, which makes the movie all the more dramatic. And the movie characters make some minor statements - based on fact - that would be lost on the audience without outside knowledge of those historical facts.Small case in point: The Eva Braun character is telling the Traudl Junge character that she "so looked forward to coming to Berlin" with the inference (to me) that she hadn't seen Hitler for awhile. Then I read elsewhere that she was in Obersaltzburg for 6 months away from Hitler prior to coming to Berlin. The director stated that he wanted this movie to be treated not only as a drama - but a documentary. He succeeded in both. I suppose this movie is controversial - a local reviewer said it tried to make Hitler sympathetic by giving him some human qualities but as someone else said this makes him all the more evil. It is these human qualities that make him a believable entity - kind to many individuals, indifferent and murderous to millions. And with the end he was indifferent to the fate of his own people, who were dying for him. Watching this movie made me think that the German people's initial support of Hitler followed a plot from Goethe - that a Mephistopheles - a demon in disguise - promises the recipient all that he wants in return for his soul. This of course is a theme that has subsequently replayed countlessly in western literature since Goethe's Faustus. This movie is based not only on Junge's book and Fest's book, but interviews with some of the survivors of the bunker.I would recommend not only the movie but then watch it with commentary from the director a second time. It is all the more haunting when you realize that virtually everything was based on fact during Berlin's last days.Bruno Ganz - as all the cast - turned in an excellent performance. Watching Ganz in this performance was watching Hitler. You will feel as if you too are a witness in the Bunker. The beginning and end statements by the real secretary Traudl Junge make the movie even more powerful. This movie was so moving for me that I have bought Traudl Junge's book, "Until the Last Hour". In the US on the DVD it is said it was nominated for "best foreign picture" - if it didn't win, it should have.
good  Don't let the negative reviews on this show persuade you not to watch it. May of the people that have watched Shadowhunters and disliked it didn't do their research before the show came out. The directors and creators said many times you had to come to this show with an opened mind. The show is slightly different than the books because they creators wanted it to be fresh and for the book readers not to know everything that is going to happen. I'd recommend reading the first book before you watch the show to freshen your mind or while you watch the show because there are many things that you don't notice in the book that they bring up in the show. I's better for you to see what the show is about yourself then to see it through what others tell you. Stay opened minded, distance yourself from the books, and don't be quick to judge from the first episode, the show gets better after each episode.
good  This is one of my favorite movies of all time. Definitely my favorite classic. There are some that come close, such as Citizen Kane, Spellbound, and Psycho, but none quite compare to this amazing movie.The first thing that you notice is the outstanding cinematography. You have to remember that this movie was made in 1940, when they didn't have the technology we have now. But that first shot of the water beating up against the rocks grabs you and for one split second you wonder if maybe this isn't part of the movie but rather something filmed just recently. But then you see the familiar face of Laurence Olivier, reminding you that this was made 60 years ago, a fact that forever amazes me. The only oscar it won besides Best Picture was well deserved.Another thing that makes it such a wonderful film is the acting. I have debated on whether Laurence Olivier's character, the tortured Maxim de Winter, is the pitiable character or if his second wife played by Joan Fontaine is really the one to feel sorry for. Every time I watch it I see it from a different point of view. Joan Fontaine is excellent. Laurence Olivier is wonderful, but that's no surprise. The only thing that bugs me is that it seems in every movie he's in (well, at least, everything I've seen him in), he always plays the same type of character.  But he's extremely good at it, so I suppose it doesn't matter.But although Joan Fontaine and Laurence Olivier are wonderful, Judith Anderson steals the show! The first time I watched the movie, I was immediately grabbed by her stunning performance as the sinister Mrs. Danvers. You hardly notice the other characters when she's in the scene. She acted the part so well that it's strange to imagine that she was any different in real life.With a wonderful storyline, and a very surprising ending, Rebecca well deserves the title as the only of Hitchcock's films to win the oscar for Best Picture. Although it may not be the most famous of all his films, it is without a doubt the greatest
good  Thousands of comments have been made on this outstanding production and there is little left to write that has not already been written or said. Again, not surprisingly at last night's 'Oscars', the third film in the trilogy took most of the awards. Like others I could give glowing comments about content, acting, production, direction, visual effects etc. but will instead, convey what I consider to be equally important;  that is the realistic and accurate portrayal of a classic masterpiece of literature from one of the world's most imaginative authors. I have tried and failed three times to completely read the book and I enjoy reading, but feel that I could now do so and have a better understanding of the story - only because I know that Peter Jackson set out to retain accuracy of the story. Sometimes our own imagination lacks the ability to see exactly what the author intended and if a film can help that, then it only adds to the experience. By timely coincidence as I write this my computer screen saver has put up a picture of a mountain valley in New Zealand - it must know what is in my mind. That beautiful country was perhaps the ideal setting for the film with its mystical landscape punctuated with mountain valleys, rivers, forests and open spaces. It cannot be far from what may have been in Tolkien's own  mind.I would perhaps add one comment about content. Although there was much reliance on computer visualisation it was well-balanced by emotional acting like the characters Gollum and Gandalf. Although Gollum was a villain, I actually was made to feel sorry for him at the end. Too many potentially good films are spoilt by substituting acting for over indulgence in special effects. This is an art that the producers and directors of this film had exactly right.I hope that the success of this trilogy will herald a new era in film-making of classical stories. Our literature has a wealth of candidates, and even ones that have been tried could be re-visited now that such experiences as Lord of the Rings have proved financially viable and immensely popular.
good  "Singin' In the Rain" I find to be a relaxed musical, one whose subject is the traumatic changeover that was faced by Hollywood producers, actors and directors when sound was introduced into film circa 1928. Many fans and critics believe the musical is one of the best ever; I disagree. But it is quite unusual in several respects, I suggest: first because its background is so realistic as a milieu from which to draw appealing characters and opportunities to introduce songs; and second because the film is played on the edge of parody without ever really falling into that error. The three characters at the center of the film are a love triangle. Don Lockwood, played amiably by Gene Kelly, is the on-screen partner of Lina Lamont (Oscar-worthy Jean Hagen); she has mistaken his sincere performance for real interest; he is in love with Kathy Selden, played by too-young but plucky nineteen-year-old Debbie Reynolds, about whom Lina knows nothing. The professional duo are completing one more romantic adventure film as a silent when suddenly sound is introduced into movies. The studio executives panic; and Don and his partner, played by Donald O'Connor, convince the director, craggy-faced and very realistic Douglas Fowley, to get the studio to let them remake the film as a musical--completing the unfinished portion, etc. The problem turns out not to be Don's transition to talkies but Lina's; she has the voice of a screech owl. Coaching becomes necessary; sensational dance numbers are introduced, including Kelly's solo "Singin' in the Rain", motivated by his falling in love with Kathy; Donald O'Connor's "Make 'Em Laugh" acrobatic classic; and the unnecessary but very-well-done "Gotta Dance" showcase ballet with Cyd Charisse as a gangster's moll, and Kelly as a Broadway hopeful. Then, the film is completed and debuted; of course Lina has found out about Kathy. And of course this intelligent satire works out well for all concerned, after some trials and tribulations. Great fun is gotten I suggest from the actors having to learn to "talk into the flowers", where early microphones had to be hidden, etc. Harold Rosson provided the cinematography, with art direction by Randall Duell and Cedric Gibbons. Nacio Herb Brown's songs were intelligently recycled for the film. Arthur Freed, MGM's master musical specialist, had the use of the talents of Betty Comden and Adolph Green for the screenplay and one song, "Moses Supposes"; he also had then-28- year-old nice guy Stanley Donen as director, soon to add "On The Town" and "Seven Brides For Seven Brothers" to this triumph. Walter Plunkett did the period costumes, with complex set decorations being done by Jacques Mapes and Edwin B. Willis. The studio's boss was played by Millard Mitchell, with Rita Moreno and a dozen familiar faces in smaller parts and uncredited appearances such as Joi Lansing, Paul Maxey, Sylvia Lewis, Kathleen freeman, King Donovan, Dawn Addams, Elaine Edwards, Mae Clarke and Snub Pollard. The film was influential, I assert, my criterion for including it among these reviews, because, immediately afterward, other 1920s and period projects were inspired by its success; these included, "Has Anybody Seen My Gal", the TV show "So This is Hollytwood", and ultimately "The Great Race", "The Rise and Fall of Legs Diamond Story" and a hundred others, including a few musicals. I consider it to be genial, a clever period evocation, lightweight, exuberant, youthful, and a very seminal work with a strong central character and unusually-interesting reality background.
good  This is why i love 7th art.In this movie you can learn everything about people on the top,about greed ,about politics,about beauty,about grotesque,ruling,sickness of love and hate.This movie represents all what we are ,belive it or not,like it or not.That is why this movie most people don't like,it is exposer of themselves,ourselves.You also must know that whole movie is based on the ancient scripts and not a word is changed,so to watch this movie you have to prepare yourself like you are watching "playing documentary" ever made,based on ancient facts,just like history. That is his greatness.And also the number of people who made this film and from what kind of arts (Italians especially) are coming,you would be breathless.I give it pure 10!!!
good  In 2004, I wrote the following statements on an IMDb message board when a user wondered if The Best Years of Our Lives was a forgotten movie: ***** To me watching this movie is like opening up a time capsule. I think in many ways "The Best Years of Our Lives" is probably one of the more fascinating character studies and it holds up extremely well as a look at life in the US in the mid-1940s after WWII. I believe "Coming Home" and "The Deer Hunter", both released in 1978, were the most recent films that were closest in capturing the numerous issues of military men returning from war that were brought up in "The Best Years of Our Lives".What really impressed me was watching the movie in its entirety when I was in college around 1980-81 and many if not all of the college students applauded at the end of the movie.This movie still packs a wallop and I'm very happy to read in other posts other users feeling of a movie that will definitely stand the test of time. *****I'm very happy to see the movie ranked near the top 100 movies on IMDb and AFI. Also, though it was in competition with what eventually became a Christmas classic, It's a Wonderful Life, arguably, The Best Years of Our Lives' Oscar wins, including Best Picture, were very well-deserved. I've just seen the film again in 2005 and after almost 60 years, The Best Years of Our Lives is still a powerful, beautifully acted and well-crafted motion picture.
good Why, oh why, did they ever waste all that money on this appalling movie? As many people have noticed, Waterworld is a total rip-off of Mad Max II (aka The Road Warrior) - substitute water for desert, jet skis for motor bikes, etc. The ridiculous thing is that this movie was the most expensive ever made and yet was vastly inferior to the original which cost something like $3 million. Everything that was not copied was stupid. Such as a society which is so short of food-growing land that a tiny pot plant is worth a fortune, and yet no one appears to be going hungry! Or all the trillions of tons of water which have somehow appeared out of nowhere (anyone who thinks there's that much water locked up in the polar ice caps, or that the polar ice could all be melted without MASSIVE worldwide climate changes, needs to think again). And what about a man with implanted gills, so tiny they are virtually invisible, and yet capable of extracting enough oxygen from sea water to support his body indefinitely? If you're going to spend all that money, why not use some of it to hire script writers (and maybe even an advisor or two) who know what they're talking about?
good If 'Jaws' and 'Alien' had a baby, that baby would probably look a lot like Deep Blue Sea', a big, loud, dumb action movie that doesn't try to pretend to be anything else. It's short on logic, the dialog is dumb, most of the actors don't seem to be trying very hard, and the science is dubious at best, but despite all that, 'Deep Blue Sea' manages to entertain.The plot of the movie is simple: a group of scientists at an undersea research facility are on the verge of discovering a cure for Alhzheimer's disease. How? By meddling about with the brains of live sharks (don't ask). Things are going swimmingly, until Mother Nature grows tired of having some of her creations tampered with. One typhoon and several gratuitous explosions later, the scientists find themselves cut off from the surface of the facility and at the mercy of a group of sharks that are smarter than the average fish. It seems that those meddling scientists made the sharks smart, and they're about to pay for their folly. With the base flooding and sharks roaming the corridors, the survivors find themselves in a race for survival.For the most part, 'Deep Blue Sea' works fairly well, and there are some good jolts and action sequences, but at the same there's nothing here that's particularly fresh. However, there is one death that is so unexpected and surprising, you might find yourself hitting the 'back' button on the DVD remote to make sure you weren't seeing things.'Deep Blue Sea' is not an actor's movie, but most of the cast acquits itself fairly well. Rapper LL Cool J does a good job with what could be a clichéd character (the religious man who struggles with his faith under dire circumstances), and injects the role with humanity and humor. He also has a very memorable encounter with a shark in a kitchen. Thomas Jane has the 'action hero' part, and he's solid, but unspectacular. Saffron Burrowes is okay as the lead scientist, and she's not above stripping down to her undies if the situation calls for it. But once again, no one will be watching 'Deep Blue Sea' for the acting. The sharks are the stars, and everyone involved with the movie knows that.'Deep Blue Sea' is not a classic movie, but it delivers in its own modest way. If you can't get enough movies about people and the sharks that eat them, you can do much worse than this.
good  What can be said about this movie that hasn't already been said? Who knows. We all know that this has some of the greatest special effects, even today. Also, if there's anything that can match the awesome T-Rex, it's the movie's musical score. I swear, listen to it more than once, and you're bound to see the movie yet again, if for that sole reason. It's that powerful. Oh sure, acting isn't this movie's strong suit, but who looks for acting in a Dinosaur thriller? Who?!Anyway, I think I've made my point. Jurassic Park: One of America's greatest classics. Steven Spielberg created magic with this movie. If you haven't seen it once, you haven't seen it at all.
good Perfect films are few and far between and the filmmakers usually have no inkling as to the top-notch quality of work they are doing.  Alfred Hitchcock thought it was a good idea to make a new kind of suspense picture back in 1959.  Something that would give the audience goose bumps was in order, but bigger bumps must have been the goal.  Hitch had to use his TV crew (from his network series "Alfred Hitchcock Presents..." because many film executives didn't like the material.  Little did they know that the big Brit was about to make a cinematic milestone and change the way films are structured and material is presented.  At the time, PSYCHO was a nasty-spirited movie that led some moviegoers to leave early or stop taking showers.  It has held up amazingly well and is far superior to its countless rip-offs.PSYCHO is perfect because: 1) It is in black and white, not blazing technicolor which would have stained the film for no purpose and made the shower murder less artistic. (Hitch may have went the route of director Michael Powell who became an outcast once his technicolor murder flick PEEPING TOM was seen.)2)The featured star disappears a third of the way through igniting a new method of scriptwriting and casting.  (Hitch made strict stipulations for theatre owners not to allow people into the movie once the picture started in order for this secret to stay secret.)3)Lesser known actors are used to provide a more authentic feel for the characters.  This is so true in the case of Anthony Perkins, not exactly a Cary Grant, who creates a stunningly chaotic portrayal of an abused son/mental madman. (Hitch shoots him from tilted angles and shadowy atmospheres to project Norman Bates' unquestionably distorted state of mind, not to mention his evil grin.)4) The shower scene, of course.  Never before in any film of any kind known to man had people seen such frightening butchery and frank brutality. (Hitch storyboarded each of the 80+ cuts that take place within the 2 minute segment.)5) Norman Bates' mother, who sits upstairs in the "old house on the hill" and just watches what transpires when she's not taking part in it.  (Hitch makes her a mystery until the very end when she is finally revealed to us and to Vera Miles in a masterfully shot turn of a chair.)6)The set-up and payoff which consists of 40,000 dollars, a device common in most thrillers but new to this kind of psychological terror.  (Hitch makes the viewer think the 40 grand will be the staple of importance and plot when it really disappears amidst the horror and has no significance at all.)7)Finally, composer Bernard Hermann's famed musical score is a pulsating, vibrant piece of gothic composition that matches the story and character actions perfectly.  (Hitch and Hermann worked on several films together, none better than this.)Is there any other question that PSYCHO is one of the top 7 or 8 films of all time?  I don't think so.  Just look how film history began a slow course towards more independence and honesty after PSYCHO scared everyone into believing this kind of film could be made.RATING: 10+
good Look we are not all readers, I get that. But Zadoorian's novels and short stories are so tied to Detroit it is really a shame to alter both the beginning and end of the trip. In the novel it is from Detroit to Disneyland, and the element of kitsch and widening spaces is a important part of the story just not conveyed by transferring it from Wellesley Mass to Hemingway's place in the Keys. The author and subject matter center on memory and Detroit is such a fitting metaphor of lost earlier times, that a stable academic town like Wellesley simply does not convey ads a starting point.Sutherland and Mirren are certainly competent but their roles but neither delivers anything remarkable in their roles here.The most interesting treatment of memory in the novel is substituted with endless sentimentality that frankly is so hamhanded that hard to take after 15 minutes.I just cannot recommend this film.
good  This is Zendaya Second Disney Channel Show. After Shake it up ended after there 3 season. Disney Channel Immediately ask Zendaya does she want to be featuring in a show called Super Awesome Katy. Zendaya noted she wanted to bring back the old cool Disney Shows Like That's so Raven and Kim Possible K.C. Undercover is very funny! It's a great show for kids and also parents! I'll say this show is better then Zendaya old show Shake it up! The Awesome thing is that instead of Dancing or Singing, we get Karaoke! Zendaya noted she doesn't want any Dancing or Singing. And her co-star from Shake it up will feature in one episode Bella Thorne.
good  This film is basically a dark, sophisticated 'caper' thriller with the added twist that the main characters are rapidly awakened to the fact that they are being ruthlessly manipulated behind the scenes.  The deeper they go, the more intense the experience.  While none of these guys are admirable (in fact they are all clearly trash), you can't help but feel for them.  They are just so in over their heads.  And the puppeteer bad guy is a nightmare.Unfortunately I guessed its 'big secret' almost as soon as I knew there was one, and am justly disappointed.  It was nice to keep getting confirmation as it went along, but I would like to have experienced the final surprise. (And I am *sure* I'm not singular in guessing the ending.)This film really relies too much on the 'wow effect' to make its major impression (read other comments for confirmation)--always a clue that a work of art is leaning *hard* on a crutch. Take away the surprise ending, and what do you have?  In this case a stylish and well-produced film with a gaping hole. For example, compare it to LA Confidential. Even if you had guessed LAs secret before they let it out, it wouldn't spoil a thing--because that film didn't rely on a plot twist for its primary punch. It had a whole basket full of assets.I'd give this movie a 7 if its secret had been better (and more creatively) guarded.  As it stands, I give it a 6 for the excellence of the entire production and that fact that I was fairly well entertained.  But I won't be watching it again, whereas LA Confidential will always be on my list.********ABSOLUTE SPOILER *************** Agatha Christie first introduced this gimmick in 1926 with The Murder of Roger Ackroyd.   Beyond that, the whole gig follows the classic mystery formula right down the line:  Once we realize it's a whodunit (its clearly gotta be somebody we met, otherwise no punch), the obvious choice is the 'least likely one.'  And there he is, perfectly disguised to fool you into not even looking his way--a good indication you should look his way. Another giveaway is that we have one guy telling the story and everything we see is from his eyes.  Makes you wonder:  1) Why did only this guy survive? 2) Who says we are seeing the truth, except him? And the big one:  3) I'm supposed to believe a *con* artist?  Not.
good It's not scary so if that's what you want skip this one. But it was a fun movie with a good amount of blood, some tension & excitement and a fun story. It should probably be seen as a horror/comedy, not just a horror. It's kind of like the horror movie your mom would have let you watch when you were 12. Well I guess nowadays parents let their kids watch Freddy & Jason at 5, but think back to the 70s or 80s, in fact my mom probably wouldn't have let me watch it because of the amount of blood & guts. It does have some terrific kills, original for sure! I did think it was well done for what it was, acting was decent, production was good. The pacing was gold! No lulls in this. From the get go you care about this kid and whats going to happen to him. The poor underdog that we all want to see come out on top. I'd give it an 8 of 10.
good  There are more than enough reviews of this movie that tell you in wonderful ways how absolutely perfect the awfulness of "The Room" is. What I found terribly interesting when I was brought to a Los Angeles midnight screening of this movie, besides the fact that this damn thing was on five screens at once, is that this movie provides the moviegoer with the rare opportunity to absolutely mock terrible cinema.I see several movies per year, often from the major studios, that I long to shout at in disgust. "The Room" is terrible to the point that the audience has agreed to do just that. It is liberating and hilarious and downright therapeutic to shout, when a character who has never been established suddenly appears on screen, "Who are you?" Wiseau shows up at these Los Angeles screenings and revels in what he seems to think is adoration, almost psychotically not in on the joke.You do not go to "The Room" to see a movie. You go to get even with that screen that promises entertainment and often disappoints. Finally, you get to mock mediocrity. It's enjoyable and liberating. How lucky is Wiseau that he gets rewarded for being awful? At least he is a good sport about taking the abuse.
good  I can not stop watching it this is a cute movie and I love how it is like mean girls
good Has it really been 15 years since we last saw Vin Diesel as Xander Cage, jumping off mountains and beating up the bad guys across the globe? Why yes it has. Only a few years later, we got a 'xXx' sequel with Ice Cube in the spotlight, rather than Vin Diesel. It was stated in the sequel that Vin Diesel's character was killed off, leaving Ice Cube to pick up the pieces and become the action star in the early 2000s. Now, it's 2017 and Vin Diesel makes $1 billion dollar 'Fast and Furious' movies, so Hollywood finally gave the greenlight to another 'xXx' film that has Diesel returning as Xander Cage, despite the fact that he's already dead. These things don't matter with this third installment, titled 'xXx: Return of Xander Cage'.Directed by D.J. Caruso ('Disturbia', 'Eagle Eye'), this third sequel takes its cues from the over-the-top action moves of the late 80s and nineties and never looks back. None of the film makes any sense, but then again it's not supposed to. This is a very dumb film, yet it's highly entertaining and very fun from start to finish. Luckily, the film knows exactly what it is and even pokes fun at itself, which makes 'Return of Xander Cage' very tolerable and will even have you laughing out loud throughout. Yes, Xander Cage is very much alive and jumping off towers with no parachutes and skiing down rocky mountains with ease. He is brought in by the CIA to track down a device called 'Pandora's Box' that can spy on anyone at anytime, and even bring down space satellites like missiles and kill people.Xander teams up with a group of other xXx's and come across yet another group of xXx's, including Donnie Yen (I'm one with the force, the force is with me) and Thai master Tony Jaa, who might as well be Michael Jackson in this role. Every other character has there special trait and skill, including being a deejay, crashing vehicles and telling social media about it, and even a tech guru who makes Lincoln jokes and has a safe word. It's all silly, dumb, and so much fun. Luckily, the film never slows down or tries to be serious at any point in time. Every action beat and fight scene would have any superhero die a horrible death in an instant, but this is 'xXx' with Vin Diesel, and nobody dies, let alone get a scratch on their face, even when there is a fist fight in the middle of a highway with tons of on coming traffic.There are for sure some funny performances, but I want to talk about Vin Diesel. I don't understand how this guy gets work. He is literally the worst actor in the world. He is good as a voice actor who can say a few lines, but good God. It's literally painful to watch him on screen, and every time he's on screen here (mind you, he's shirtless most of the time), he is just wretched and awkward. I don't get it. Every time he's on screen, you just wish one of the other characters had screen time instead. Other than that, this film is quite fun, action-packed and ridiculous, which in this day and age, it's good sometimes to turn off your brain and enjoy the grand spectacle. Will there be more 'xXx' films in the future? It looks like it and that's not a bad thing.RECOMMENDED!
good  Barbara Stanwyck (multi bw movies "Lady Eve", many others) and Fred MacMurray (also many bw movies, then the dad on My Three Sons TV series) meet as an insurance salesman attempts to sell an insurance policy to a California housewife. They both play dark, sinister roles, unlike what they are both known for. I love the playful banter as they flirt and tease each other before things get more serious. Plot also has several clever twists, and the viewer squirms several times when the investigators almost catch people in compromising positions in a Hitchcock manner. Edward Robinson is MacMurray's boss helping to track down the clues. Billy Wilder directed. Movie was remade later in 1973 with richard crenna, but stick with the old b/w version.
good  I was fortunate to see it at the Toronto International Film Festival.Hotel Rwanda starred Don Cheadle and was directed by Terry George. It's based on a true event, about Paul Rusesabagina, a Hutu who worked at four star hotel in Kigali. When the war broke out he thought of only saving his immediate family but as he saw what was happening he opened the hotel to Tutsi and Hutus seeking refuge from the killing. He used all the favours he had stored as manager of the hotel and basically saved over a thousand lives. This will be the next Schindler's list. When the film was over, there was a standing ovation. Don Cheadle was excellent as an ordinary man forced to do extra-ordinary things. Paul Rusesabagina and his family attended the screening and he received a five minute standing ovation. Even Michael Moore came to see this movie. I highly recommend it. 9/10.
good  This awesome movie is about an innocent man who represents how the world should be: he's loyal, humble, honest, he would never cheat or lie. He does everything with good heart and reaches success at the most important tasks of life.Only in America he could live such an interesting life: meet Elvis Presley, President Kennedy, John Lennon... He goes to Vietnam's war and he does everything following his heart. He becomes an American hero. Gary Sinise is a great American actor in his best performance too. He served in Vietnam with Forrest and was also a hero, protecting his men and fighting for his country.All in all this is a must-see movie for everyone, specially for non-Americans, so we can enjoy American culture and icons, as well as learn some American history, which is very useful.
good I went and saw this with an open mind because of the mixed response, and I must say I had a blast.The story is unique, creative and quite compelling. It is original science fiction which we do not get too often. The film is inspired by the Disney park, but at the same time, it's more of it's own thing.It is well acted and the characters are quite likable and believable. Frank Walker is interesting, entertaining and has a sense of humor. Casey is also an interesting character. I think George Clooney and Britt Robertson portrayed their leading roles very well.The film is also quite funny at times. During this film, I think I may have laughed more than I usually do at the movies, which is saying something.I think Brad Bird did a very goo job directing. The visuals are stunning and the special effects, while mostly CGI, are impressive. The action scenes are neat and intense. There is not a single moment where I was bored with the film. It also pays a nice homage to the Sci-fi genre.The one problem I had with this film is that I was expecting a little more of the "Tomorrowland" place and that the story needed a little more work.Overall, this was a great film and I highly recommend it to fans of science fiction. Plus, I think it totally puts "The Haunted Mansion" (2003) to shame.In the end, "Tomorowland" may not fully realize it's potential, but it should be satisfying as a fun and intriguing Disney family sci-fi/adventure comedy thrill ride.
good  The sensitivity with which Krakauer captured the essence of McCandless and his adventure is extended aptly to the movie format by Sean Penn. Even if one might not be able to appreciate the purpose for Alex's journey, I don't think anyone would be able to deny that Into the Wild is a sensitive and poignant cinematic experience. There are scenes in this movie that one will never be able to forget, particularly the ending sequence. This movie will easily pull its audience into a philosophical debate for the truth about who was right and wrong isn't easy to distinguish. Sean Penn certainly doesn't try to answer those questions, questions that McCandless' life left for his family and the rest of us. Penn does well to tread a delicate objective but not indifferent line. Certainly the best movie of this year and one of the best ever made. The story, the story itself is great.
good  Disney seemed to be going down the tubes lately, with Atlantis and Home on the Range, but this movie is a masterpiece. If it wasn't for this movie, Johnny Depp wouldn't be as famous as he is today. Every scene with him or Geoffery Rush is brilliant. The movie is very crisp and the shots of the islands are breathtaking. Definitely a movie worth picking up at Blockbuster or even better, buying ( I don't buy DVDs often but this was one of them). The characters are thought out very well and plot is excellent. The script is one of the main stars of the film itself, every line that seems to come out of Sparrow or Barbossa's mouth or any of the other cast is original. If you like action films you'll love this, if you like comedy you'll love this, actually, this movie is great for everyone (except small kids, who may get frightened by the skeleton scenes). 10/10
good I've not seen the newly added song sequence (Human Again) featured in the latest IMAX version so my comments are based entirely on the original theatrical and VHS release.BEAUTY AND THE BEAST is Disney at its peak. From the stained glass window at the opening and the beautiful narration, the viewer is drawn into the story by the appealing music and clever lyrics ("Belle's Song") which gets the picture off to a bouncy start. The opening sequence showing Belle and the townspeople in song is masterfully handled and choreographed for maximum effect, setting the tone for the entire story.The plot becomes thicker once Belle's father enters the castle grounds where the Beast resides. The castle interiors are brilliantly Baroque and the odd characters inhabiting the grounds are delightfully rendered by a perfect blending of art and voice talent. Cogsworth, Lumiere and Mrs. Potts are delightful creations, each with strong, consistent personalities. David Ogden Stiers, Jerry Orbach and Angela Lansbury cannot be praised enough for their contributions. Two of the musical highlights are Orbach's dazzling job on "Be My Guest" (with French accent) and Angela's tender rendering of the title song, "Beauty and the Beast". Unforgettable movie moments. As Gaston, Richard White's robust baritone voice adds greatly to the effectiveness of his villainy.It's no wonder the film was the first to receive recognition by the Academy with a Best Picture nomination. Outstanding in every department, including the end title song sung by Celine Dion and Peabo Bryson in a more "modern" style. Along with SNOW WHITE and SLEEPING BEAUTY, a top-notch fairy tale with its appeal evenly divided between adults and children--as well as the child in all of us.
good Pitch Perfect 3Some flawed tracks and repetitive sub-plotted characters pretty much gives away with in the first 10 minutes of the movie that it is not in good hands. Pitch Perfect 3 works off brilliantly in a semi-comic movie sense where every character is pointing out the plot-holes in order to be funny which works but it sets off the wrong tone considering the previous installments which were based on smart comedy. Rebel Wilson; at the end, is the star of the show as she helps the audience in reaching the climax which is a big disappointment.
good  The cgi in this movie was done so good. Every hair, dust particle, even eye movement was exceptional. The cast was amazing, they all seemed to be fully dedicated to this film. The best part is that they don't really curse, they do flip the bird. But overall if you liked the game and want to see a movie about a video game that's well done see this movie.
good  It is difficult to review Chaplin's movies objectively because many of us have seen them, or at least have heard about them, since we were young. They have become part of our emotional and/or cultural background.Chaplin is arguably the only complete director: in most of his pictures, he also produces, acts, writes the script, composes the music, does his own stunts and edits. His talent and reputation generated numerous commercial successes, even when he continued directing silent movies after their time. "Talkies" were the only films produced after 1927, the few silent attempts afterwards were failures; yet Chaplin was an exception: "City Lights" in 1931 and "Modern Times" in 1936 were sensations worldwide (the latter includes a few sounds but they are marginal). This is remarkable since nine years is an eternity in cinema timeframe. Only in 1940 did Chaplin direct a talkie.*** WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILERS ***Is the movie a comedy? Partly: tragi-comedy is Chaplin's trademark. In my opinion, there are three levels of humour.1. Pure amusement, sometimes as in slapstick: the tramp eats all he can to be sent to jail and even buys more when he is with the policeman; he is drugged in jail; the tramp and the gamin imagine their life in an idyllic house; the tramp roller-skates close to an edge in the department store (fabulous stunt); he makes a lousy waiter but a great actor at the end. Again, I am not certain how much of the fun is derived from childhood memories and/or the fact we feel younger as we watch the film. To enjoy it fully, we must lay aside some of our adult critical sense, notably towards old-fashioned cinema.2. No humour, just drama: the gamin's father dies; her sisters are taken away; the tramp crashes his way through the crowd to get a job (an efficient illustration of ruthless competition). 3. Amusement with a dramatic twist: these are the most frequent scenes, and probably the best. We grin even as we laugh. The movie opens on sheep moving grouped (of which a black one: an allusion to the tramp?), that fade out to workers coming out of the subway. This must have been a shock for the audience during the Great Depression. Another example is one of Chaplin's most famous scenes ever: the tramp tries the eating machine. It is at the same time hilarious (Chaplin really gives all of himself here) and pathetic: a metaphor on ill-conceived progress, oppression of man by machine and conditions of workers obliged to comply with strange requests.Other scenes include: the entire first part in the factory, including when the tramp is stuck in the machine (inside shot, that became iconic), which also happens to a colleague later on (outside shot); the tramp launches by mistake an unfinished ship into the sea, with footage of an actual ship that was probably sunk because of the Depression; the tramp and the gamin make most of their shabby hut.The movie efficiently alternates these three levels of humour, as well as its rhythm. It famously starts as a whirlwind with dynamic tempo and music. And it ends like a roller-coaster: funny musical (the tramp sings), emotional (he is hired), dramatic (the police arrest the gamin), thriller (they run away as climatic music plays), melancholic (they are on the road, free but uncertain). The last image is rightfully double-edged: the tramp and the gamin walk away, but mountains ahead block their road. She looks like an elegant lady, he looks a bit like a clown with his funny walk and big shoes. We don't know where they are going, nor do they.Hence Chaplin's ambition was far more than to just divert. Themes depicted eighty years ago are still modern:Crisis, redundancies, strikes, inequalities, social unrestWorking conditions in factories, even though exaggerated by humour and symbols: productivity, control, burn-outTechnology that dehumanises: chain-working, the eating machine, video surveillance (a science-fiction element at the time). Remarkably, the only sounds of the film are coming from devices, not humans: screen, phonograph, radioSuccess with talent, work and some luckThe law. The topic is prominent (the police are omnipresent) and ambiguous. Can one steal food to survive? Chaplin seems to excuse this behaviour. The tramp is on both sides of the law: he steals food but helps the police arrest villains in jail. And the police's role is complex; notably, they shoot an unarmed man, followed by the ironic card: "The law takes charge of the orphans"Violence and drugs in prisonThe universal dimension of the movie shows by the fact the main characters have no name: the tramp, the gamin. Chaplin will be blamed for its social topics during the McCarthy era, among other grievances, and he will be forced to exile. Considering it now, this seems ridiculous since the message of the film is not communist: the tramp and the gamin want everything but change society; they search for a job, a home and respect. Note also Lincoln's portrait in the tramp's cell: he is a patriot.The movie does not take sides. Workers can be friendly or violent. Policemen can be friendly (e.g. in jail) or violent (one purposelessly pushes the tramp outside the factory). Prison inmates can be honest (the tramp) or villains. Women can be attractive (the gamin) or not (all others, actually). This double-sidedness also divides individuals. Big Bill was bullying the tramp in the factory, but later sympathises with him. The gamin steals and then becomes settled. The tramp will do anything to protect the ones he loves (the gamin, children), but can abuse almost anybody else to achieve it: a recurrent feature in Chaplin's pictures.The underlying message seems to be: people are not good or bad, it mainly depends on their conditions. Yet another modern theme.
good For a movie that has such a terrible name like 24 Hours To Live the film actually ends up being quite entertaining and competently done. It stars Ethan Hawke as Travis Conrad, an assassin out of semi-retirement and back for one last job. He is tasked with killing a witness who is giving a deposition against a global corporation that has conducted medical experiments and killed dozens of innocent people. In his way is an Interpol agent Lin played by Quing Xu protecting the witness. Soon his conscience kicks in and he is helping Lin survive. The action is quite well done and the acting by Hawke, as well as the supporting roles acted by Liam Cuningham, Paul Anderson and Rutger Hauer amongst others are all decent enough. The scenery of Cape Town where most of the movie takes place is great. There are plot holes and some inconsistencies in the story and there are certain elements of the movie that will remind the viewer of movies like Crank and John Wick. The end result is not as good as those movies but is still entertaining. Even though the movie strays heavily into the realm of Science-Fiction and tries to infuse a back story it is still largely action based. Overall a 5.5-6/10. Better than expected and much better than most recent B and C grade action movies starring Jean Claude Van Damme, Dolph Lundgren, Antonio Banderas, Nicolas Cage etc.
good Im 33 years old and probably not in the main-group for this movie (teengirls maybe). But me and my friend got a free ticket and went for this movie we would normally not had seen. But i was charmed. The young actors played well, was cute and had chemistry together. We smiled many times, and the effects was good. The story was OK, and i have never read the story this movie is build on. This is a good movie i think, and probably they will make more movies so we see how the story will go. I found it fun with the southern small town fun of religious narrowness. And the fight between good and evil is a fight in many of the fantasy-movies, and that was a red line in this movie and worked good. Fun also to see Emma Thompson, she did a awesome actor-work.
good  Disclaimer: If you are a viewer that mainly prefers arthouse-type movies, then you might as well ignore this review. In addition, if you're not able to take a few sci-fi leaps of faith, ignore this review, as well. We'll both be better off.This is the finest action movie of all time. And, yet, believe it or not, it's not the action in the film itself that makes this be the case. This is especially odd in a movie with a $100 million budget (in 1991!), with multiple huge explosions, with thousands of bullets fired, and scores of stuntmen used.This movie is what it is, a perfect 10, because it takes the vision of one of the most imaginative directors on Earth, and realizes them almost perfectly with all the tools that fit the task -- actors, stunts, puppetry, models, and CG. Without the vision, this film would be nothing. Without the tools, this film would be nothing.But, a little bit of background is due. This is the sequel to the Terminator (1984), whose premise was that a near-indestructible cyborg is sent by evil self-aware machines from the near future to destroy the mother-to-be of the military commander who would lead the humans to a victory over the machines. Oh, and this terminator machine would come from a time of war between men and machines which followed a nuclear exchange that left billions of people dead, first. In Terminator 2, John Connor (the commander-to-be) is about 12 years old, and his mother (Sarah) is feverishly trying to prepare him for his fate, even as she tries to stop the factors that will lead to the nuclear war and the entire terrible future that made all this necessary. The machines now send a superior, more intelligent, shape-shifting cyborg (T1000) into the past, to kill John himself. Meanwhile, future-John reprograms the ex-evil Terminator (T101) from the original film, and sends him into the past to PROTECT John against the T1000.That's your basic plot. It does involve travel into the past, so it immediately presents a time-travel paradox which can't really be resolved. In order to even try watching this movie, you MUST LOOK PAST THE PARADOX. If you don't, this movie has zero credibility, and is not worth your time.What happens after the two terminators appear in the past is a wild ride rife with macho action, dark reflection on the nature of man, and a few rays of hope, here and there. Schwarzenegger (the good terminator) and Patrick (the bad one) make for such effective foes that the times they meet on-screen are completely breathtaking (and odd, given that you repeatedly see the relatively slim T1000 through Arnie through a wall or two). Hamilton, as Sarah Connor, is a wonderful character -- tough beyond all belief and completely focussed on preventing the nuclear war and ensuring John's safety, yet clearly a little out of her mind with paranoia and anger; amazingly, you see actual character development (specifically, when John and T101 arrive at Dyson's house to prevent her from doing what she wants to) in her otherwise 2-dimensional character. And Furlong, as John, is not bad himself as the extroverted kid who's confused by the fact that everyone except his mom tell him his entire upbringing was based on a lie. The bit players all do their jobs well, particularly Earl Boen who plays the semi-sadistic mental hospital warden that stands between Sarah Connor and her son (until the T1000 makes a chilling entrance).With these players set in motion, it's up to the script to deliver the real substance of the movie. (One often sees great performances in mediocre films... here the story transcends the performances -- an impressive feat.) The script delivers. The film is absolutely filled with great, classic moments (I counted TEN all-star ones during my last viewing), and they're evenly spaced through the movie. I mean, who doesn't cheer (at least inside) when Arnold steps out of the biker bar, fully clad in leather when "Bad to the Bone" music starts to blast? The guy absolutely bleeds coolness. And the T1000 absolutely bleeds evil. But, with so many great moments, you'd think the pacing would be a little uneven... not really! The film shifts from place to place with an ease that makes perfect sense, never giving you the time to start being a little nitpicking jerk, always driving forward, but always doing so thoughtfully and with attention to detail.Of course, this wouldn't be an action movie without some action. There's plenty of it, and it's perfectly done. The CG effects for the shape-shifting T1000 were cutting-edge for the time, and still look great (whoever said differently below is simply incorrect) -- even if they're completely commonplace today. The stunts are completely insane in scale (at one point, a helicopter flies under a highway overpass; at another, a motorcycle jumps from the 2nd floor of a building into a flying chopper). (Probably, only the Matrix and the Lord of the Rings movies compare in terms of the level of stunt insanity.) And the gunplay is delivered in perfect Cameron-Schwarzenegger style (as opposed to the slo-mo John Woo-style) -- you'll see lots of heavy automatic and explosive weapons, and you'll see them used well. The film is violent, and somewhat bloody, but ALL of the mean-spirited violence is dealt by the evil characters, not the ones you root for (Quentin Tarantino fans: sorry). And then the truly amazing scenes that bypass acting are shocking and memorable -- just wait until the nuclear detonation sequence.I'm not sure what else you would want in a movie. Probably moral content, and the movie has a very clear pro-human, anti-war message. The message is a bit stale, and the delivery IS, at times, a little heavy-handed (and some moments with the T101 seem just a bit unrealistic, towards the end), but the movie has heart, and that you cannot deny. Plus, it simply rocks. 10/10
good  Paths of Glory is one of the best movies ever made, and possibly the best "war" movie, period. Paths of Glory does not portray war as conflict between armies or individual soldiers arrayed against one another on the battlefield.  Nor does it portray the acts of great leaders and heroes of war. No this film takes a different tact. The setting is the Western Front of 1916 in the trenches with French soldiers faced off against an invisible German force across a barren No Man's Land. The German's are never seen and the dramatic "combat" is between vain French officers as they vie for prestige and honors.  The victims are the innocent French soldiers under their command who suffer miserably because of their arrogance and ignorance.Brilliant, gripping, and definitely a "must see".
good DR. STRANGELOVE.... is a satirical black comedy or rather an ironic approach to decisions and information in the Cold War madness. The smart choice is the mother of all wisdom. It is loosely based on Peter George's novel "Red Alert".A crazy American general has ordered, due a bizarre reason, a nuclear attack on the Soviet Union. A bit absentminded captain has realized that a general has lost his mind. Meanwhile, a President meets with his top Pentagon advisors, including a passionate super-hawk general, who sees this as an opportunity to do something about Communism in general and Russians in particular. However, the Russians have an "automatic" response...This film loses all touch with the reality on the one side, and yet, it directly affects an image of a disturbed political reality on the other side. The irony stems from human stupidity, irresponsibility, suspicion and arrogance. Mr. Kubrick has created a satirical hopeless situation, through a conflict of mentality and a sense of patriotism, after which, a bizarre - moral winner rises. The highlight of satire is that world diplomacy rejects itself on multiple occasions.However, there is a lot of questions. Why give so much power in hands of a few people? One of them, I mean all, are mostly crazy. Why use energy resources to build nuclear weapons? Probably because we do not have better things to do. Is it wise to make fun of a defense system of the strongest force in the world? Of course it is, one day, we have to stop being afraid of each other.That's why this film is a satirical warning in an universal time, because we live in a time of a political satire with very serious consequences.I am thrilled with a fact that this film does not have a trace of cynicism. Of course, there is plenty of satire, sarcasm, irony, perhaps exaggerated caricature, but there is no cynicism. Mr. Kubrick, you're a genius! The characterization is excellent.Peter Sellers (Captain Lionel Mandrake, President Merkin Muffley and Dr. Strangelove, the wheelchair-using nuclear war expert and former Nazi) is simply awesome as a kind of voice of reason, incompetence and insanity at the same time. It is a strange kind of patriot, savior and avenger.Sterling Hayden (Brigadier General Jack D. Ripper) is a paranoid ultra-nationalist, who shows his madness through a serious facial expression.George C. Scott (General Buck Turgidson) is the personification of chauvinism. He expresses his anger and paranoia of communism in a very comical way.
good  Here's a new definition of cold-hearted: a man or woman who remains completely untouched by the 1946 Capra classic "It's a Wonderful Life". You can't not be moved by this wonderful little gem.The acting is all great. One of the film's greatest strengths for me is making George Bailey - the star of the movie played by James Stewart - a nice normal man. He's not perfect and that's pretty much essential to the film's success because Bailey could be *any* man. The lesson of the movie is fairly simple - we all have our role to play in the world and we are all important. Most movies would make this into a schmaltzy affair but Capra delivered a touching, heart warming tale. Bailey consistently denies himself to allow others to live as he sacrifices his life to make sure people can have enough money to avoid having to sell-their-soul in debt to the evil H. Potter (alas not a Harry Potter...). His complete and utter humility is great - he doesn't see how much he accomplished until his guardian angel Clarence shows him. Again Clarence isn't played in the usual clichéd manner but more as a believable character who honestly loves Bailey for his strengths.The movie is a success because you can't but want Bailey to succeed. The manner in which he does could be classified as corny but, because it's so deserved, that doesn't matter. The music, the set pieces, all the touches add to a wonderful movie and give you hope that life can indeed also be wonderful. A lovely mood-lifter. 8.8/10.
good Director of this film (i hope god will arrange) deserves punch in a face. This sick, twisted, immoral person dared to call this piece of garbage "A Serbian Movie". I'm not nationalist, but I do love my country, and merging any word that defines Serbia, Serbians or else with this sick, despicable garbage is smack in a face to all Serbian citizens.I don't believe in violence, hate or censorship for that mater, but this is such a piece of scum lowlife garbage, that director and main actors in this movie deserve jail time.This is legalized pedophilia and rape commercial, free of charge, for all sick bastards of the world. Enjoy you sick bastards. Hope you all rote in hell (if such place exist, if not, it should be invented for people who like this kind of "art"). But enough about content.Something about political agenda of this "movie". The director and screenwriter are the worst in Serbian cultural establishment (yes they are establishment) and once more, this kind of people are prepared to do anything with extreme sleaziness to crawl they way into (what they think) is main opinion about Serbia today in western public and cultural critics, so they can "elevate" oneself to "European" cultural level, so they can start thinking about self as "relevant". They are familiar with tactics how to blend into conventional opinion about anything... Fetch any bone that western critics give them out of pity for gore they presented to public. "Little more dirt on Serbia, good, thats good..now little more. Good doggy." Bunch of slime bags. But this is not Serbia, it has nothing to do with Serbia. If you want to know more about Serbia and our problems, go and watch movie called "ianje" Eng.-"Skinning" or "Sisanje" 2010. Now there is good movie about cultural post war Serbia, deprivation of youth and human metamorphoses. It's not easy to emotionally process, but it is the truth about our society.
good  Jack Nicholson is a great actor. No, not a great actor, a spectacular actor. This is a film from fairly early in his career, as well as it is for several other actors in this film, who later have had long, great careers too, including Danny DeVito, Christopher Lloyd and Brad Dourif. The film has some unforgettable moments... who could forget Louise Fletcher's icy stare, Jack Nicholson's smart-aleck remarks or Will Sampson's impressive, almost entirely silent performance? The film portrays the horrible truth about how patients were treated in mental institutions back then, and tells the story of someone who desperately wanted to break out, to rebel, to change things, for himself and for the others. I was compelled by this film, from the very first frame. I never took my eyes off it, and I will definitely be thinking about this film for a while. I thought it was great the way one of the very first frames depicted the institution as something far more similar to a prison than a hospital. Milos Forman did a great job of making that contrast very powerful to the viewer. The film is very moving and a truly beautiful cinematic experience. Every single actor gives a stellar performance, every single character is perfectly written, every single line, every single frame is absolutely perfect. I wouldn't change a thing in this film. It has a great pace, you never lose interest, but it never seems to be rushing to get through it, either. It's simply perfect. I have not read the original book, but if I ever come across it, I might check it out. I have only seen this film once, but I will definitely watch it many times in years to come. I recommend this amazing piece of great cinema to anyone who has at least a slight interest in the drama genre, or any fan of any of the actors, as they are all in their absolute prime in this film. 10/10
good  What a staunch paunch and what a strong punch!?!? That's what Dangal is. Simple, true, gritty, raw, real and determined.Before coming to the name under whose name the film opens, let's first salute the actual person on who this is based on. Hats off Mr Phogat for being such an awesome person and father. Someone who saw the germ of gems within the girl child and didn't live in the fiefdom of monomaniaThe portrayals by each character that adorned the screen were meaningful and said it all. Even the eye movements and glances from Sakshi Tanwar replaced the unwarranted dialogue that would have taken its place. All four girls depicting geeta and babita in both age brackets have done a tremendous job considering that they were untrained and this is not just one chick flick wherein just emotions would help them carry off a portrayal. This required both the mental as well as the physical strength and stamina and very importantly perseverance. In the earlier years Zaira took the cake, ate it as well as relished it in her depiction. We have all by now seen KWK and heard the story of how Fatima and Sanya hid their injuries to be a part of the project and not be replaced. That's good learning in the art of method acting and what a good tutelage they have had. They are truly blessed to have a mentor in the form of the one and only Amir Khan. And what do you say about him - Maestro's best performance yet. It's truly worth the wait for an Amir film as when he comes he ensures that you are witness to the best that the world has to offer. He has taken the form of acting to a different level. The kusti between him and his daughter were specially telling. It spoke reams of each of their insecurities, their wants and aspirations. They say a picture says a thousand words, well this one just spoke an omnibus.
good Pier Paolo Pasolini, as is well known, was murdered not long after he finished work on this, his most audacious and confrontational film, yet even the most casual viewing of SALO begs the question - had he not been murdered, would he have taken his own life anyway? Every sequence, every shot and practically every moment of this film is so burdened with despair, barely concealed rage and a towering disgust with the human race, one gets the impression that Pasolini was barely hanging onto life - and any attendant shreds of hope - by his fingernails. Although ostensibly an adaptation of one of DeSade's most depraved works channeled through the horrifying excesses of the Second World War with the Fascist ruling classes as its (authentically vile) villains, SALO also contains a lot of contemporary criticism - Pasolini hated the modern world, and explained the stomach-churning 'banquet of s**t' as a none-too-subtle attack on the encroaching global domination of the fast food chains. (The scenes of sexual excess can similarly be read as a despairing attack on the permissive society - those who come to SALO expecting titillation or B-movie sleaze will be sorely disappointed.) Beyond the nihilistic content, which has been well documented elsewhere, the film has an overall mood that seems to have been engineered to make the viewer thoroughly depressed. Shot on washed-out, faded film stock using primarily static cameras, long shots, choppy editing and very few cutaways, SALO has a visual style reminiscent of cinema-verite documentary. Add to this the unnerving use of big band music, piano dirges and the (intentionally?) scrappy post-dubbed dialogue, and the distancing effect on the viewer is complete. SALO comes across as one long primal scream of rage, designed to shake the viewer out of his complacency, and in this respect, the film succeeds unequivocally. Whether or not you would care to watch this more than once, or indeed for 'entertainment', is another matter, but SALO is an important film that demands a careful viewing ONLY by those prepared for it.
good Imagine if the instinct to nurture suddenly became the impulse to kill?! Parents, through some sort of virus or plague, ruthlessly hunt their offspring. Authorities attempt to stop the carnage, yet they are clueless, ineffective and overpowered. Kids are left to their own wits, resources and improvised weapons from their homes, to fend of the attacks. Love becomes hate and blood lines become blood pools as kids and parents battle to the death. Thanksgiving day dinners and family nights will be awkward from now on.This bold, zany and irreverent film is crafted in the enjoyable mold of the duo of Crank films, also directed by Taylor. Nicolas Cage and Selma Blair are well cast in the roles as manic and world-weary parents. The film is delightfully different from the dull and insipid standard fare. The film would benefit from greater all- around depth, improved dialogue and better developed scenes and characters. For such a simple and short film, the story arc is a bit confusing and disjointed. World Premiere seen with Cage himself as well as the rowdy and raunchy midnight madness crowd at the Toronto International Film Festival.
good  Now that everyone knows Miyazaki is a great talent and he has been doing many great stuff, his earlier works are internationally popular. After Sen to Chihiro no kamikakushi, Miyazaki's well deserved fame got huge. Since his fame increased, his older works has been taken from the drawers to upper shelves and this is leading to discussions of which of his works are better than which. Kaze no tani no Naushika has been compared many times with his Mononoke - hime, however regarding how Naushika formed a perfect background for the further works of Miyazaki, this comparison is not very fair. Kaze no tani no Naushika is the basis of Miyazaki's charming mastery which becomes more and more apparent in 1990s. It features one of the greatest heroines in anime history in an unusual sci-fi environment. The story of the film shows us how resourceful human imagination can be. What makes Naushika a cornerstone is not only this efficient story telling but also the visual fiesta that it has been presented in. So lose no time in comparing this film to another, instead savor it again and again.
good  Scorcese & Pileggi's masterpiece on the life of Henry Hill as a Brooklyn NY mob wise-guy. As much as the true events of Henry's life have more than likely been dramatised and glamourised to a certain extent, the essence of this film IMO is that it is still a brilliantly damning portrayal of the characters and lifestyle of mobsters.The sham of the mafiosi is exposed - preaching loyalty, respect & principles - but when it comes down to it they are just two-bit criminals that'll stab each other in the back for money or power over others. Each of them has an inflated sense of self-worth and stature that comes with being a "wiseguy", breeding with it paranoia that others are not giving them the respect they deserve.An example is De Niro's portrayal of Jimmy Conway. His outward persona is that of a calm and reasonable nature. But really he is a paranoid killer who at the drop of a hat would kill even his closest associates for money. I use associates rather than friends, as their relationships are of tolerance rather than kinship. Distrust, hate and jealousy through the forced smiles. Interesting that given this, certain people envy their life-style and would have loved to have been a wiseguy. I personally couldn't think of anything worse that being tied for life with having to keep the likes of Tommy company, but whatever rocks your boat. Some people have actually paid to see The Dukes of Hazzard film, so I shouldn't be surprised.
good Just saw this for the first time. Although the movie has a great cast, there is very little in the way of drama to keep you interested for 230 minutes. It's not a very good biography in that I didn't come away from the film knowing any more about Lawrence than I did when I sat down to watch. The movie is watchable just for the cinematography, but if you're looking for a good story, forget it.
good Really good movie. Slower pace, a lot like Mean Streets back in the day, but a good story. I'll never understand critics who always worry where film ideas come from rather than judge a film on its own merits. We're some things in this movie unoriginal, well it isn't the Yakuza/Mobster film ever made. But I enjoyed it.
good Sigh... This joke has been done before, but there's more Doo Doo than Scooby and there's more Crappy than Scrappy..Where do I begin? I'm torturing myself just to review my thoughts on this film for you guys. Just going to hop straight into it.The beginning starts off with a bloody hip hop yo yo Scoob piece of crap. The song sounds cheap and too modern for my liking. Representing the kids nowadays and their love for Drake and Kanye West. Surprisingly enough, it ends at the typical scooby episode with Daphne already bloody captured by nothing. Why do I say nothing, because the CGI is horrible. I've seen better CGI In goldeneye's opening sequence. I mean dear god! The ghost looks like a stock footage paste in and doesn't fit in with the background. Scooby now looks like a freakish dog mutant. There are such pleasant images in this film for its crappy cgi. Also makes no sense how they literally quit after completing the mystery. Even worse than the reason of why Spider Man quit in Spider Man 2!Since I'm bored of reviewing this awful excuse I'm just going to say that the monster is REAL and the bloody villain is Scrappy. Everyone is out of character, they'd never do what they did to scrappy on the original franchise. This film can go to hell...
good  This is one of the best films of all time, not necessarily because of its story but because of the acting, direction, cinematography, lighting, and just the way that the story itself was told. At the time the film was released, the idea of revealing who the killer was in the opening scene was virtually unheard of, but it ended up being very effective because it allowed the audience to concentrate more on other elements of the film, which was the goal of Billy Wilder, the director. Instead of trying to figure out who the perpetrator was, there is more emphasis on how the crime was pulled off, what mistakes were made during the murder, who betrayed who, how close Barton Keyes (the insurance investigator) was getting to solving the case, and, probably most importantly, what kind of person Walter Neff is and whether or not sympathy should be felt toward him.Barbara Stanwyck, in one of the most remembered performances of her extensive career, represents (with nearly flawless ease) the cold and ruthless manipulator who has no difficulty in ruining other people's lives in various ways (including death, if necessary) in order to get what she wants. Known in the film community as the `femme fatale,' this is someone who uses her sexual prowess, seductiveness, and emotional detachment to drag an unsuspecting person (generally an interested man) into a scheme from which she is expected to benefit heavily and he is most likely headed for destruction. In these types of films, the man often either finds his life in ruins or ends up dead, as is often (but not always) also the case with the fate of the femme fatale. Barbara Stanwyck (as Phyllis Dietrichson, the murderous femme fatale in Double Indemnity) and Fred MacMurray (as Walter Neff, her victim'), have amazing chemistry on screen. Their attraction is incredibly well portrayed, and the development of their relationship with each other is so convincing that what happens between them almost seems normal. Besides that, their mutually calculated interaction, although it seems at first like it has been rehearsed endlessly and ultimately brought unconvincingly to the screen, is exactly as it was meant to be, because it represents each character's intentions, even very subtly foreshadowing their future betrayals against each other. Phyllis has gone through every word she ever says to Walter in her head. She has practiced what she wants to say when she brings up the idea of life insurance to Walter in the beginning and she knows what she wants to say whenever they interact with each other because she has been planning for quite some time the prospect of murdering her husband in order to collect his fortune. Walter, conversely, methodically makes amorous advances as though this is something that he does regularly, and then ultimately he also plans out his conversations with Phyllis because he begins to suspect her and is sure to tell her only what he wants her to hear. This seemingly stiff dialogue brilliantly represents Phyllis and Walter's precise (and sinister) intentions, and it's quick pace creates a feeling of urgency and restlessness.Probably the most fascinating and entertaining actor in the film, Edward G. Robinson, plays Barton Keyes, Walter's friend and employer at the insurance company where he works. Keyes is a very suspicious man who closely investigates the insurance claims which come into the company, having a striking history of accurately isolating fraudulent claims and throwing them out. His handling of Phyllis's (and Walter's, technically) claim and the way that he gets closer and closer to the truth create a great atmosphere of tension and drama. Double Indemnity is nearly flawless. From the shocking and unexpected beginning to the already known but still surprising end, the audience is held rapt by the excellent performances, the brilliant and imaginative direction, and the flawlessly created atmosphere. This is excellent, excellent filmmaking, and is a classic film that should not be missed.
good I love Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlburg and will laugh at just about anything in a comedy that they do, I really loved Daddy's Home one and spent hard earned money to see #2 in the theater instead of waiting to see it for free in a few months on TV, but for the love of all this is holy, please leave politics out of film. I almost walked out after paying big $$. The parts that bother me were:**Men repeatedly kissing each other on the lips, the first five times i got it **All conservative characters were gun toting load mouths that were unkind All the progressives were sensitive educated thoughtful and kind (in red shirts)** A line of little girls waiting to kiss a boy character - thats OK, but a little boy in the same line waiting to kiss the little boy - not OK - gay children in movies - please stop!The only reason I have 4 stars is that I did laugh and they poked fun of both sides, but there were lectures galore for the right along the way. I go to the movies to forget my problems, not to get a lecture from the left. Just leave me out of it and stop forcing your "progressive" agenda down my throat - please give it a rest!!! You guys in Hollywood better get it soon or you are going to repeatedly lose money.
good It is nice to be able to watch a good old decent romance movie once a while. Love the castings especially the little girl who played Billy. Simple straight story plot with key themes on forgiveness and retraced back to your own roots. In real life it is exactly what we need in terms of acceptance and embracing someone who made a mistake. Love as well to the sense of belongingness showcased of the townhood, which hardly comes by now a day in the big city life. Watch this one for the feel good it brings you.
good  It was just sooooo great! So much fun, too!! It's like every high school musical theater junkie's dream. Everyone was just excellent and the directing was superb. And I love the message this movie sends to young minds, that you explore other facets of expression other than the one that's socially acceptable. And I love the little undertones and subtleties throughout the film. And I love how all the tough mean hard guys are CLEARLY dancers in real life. I was muy impressed!! Everything and everyone was perfect. From the clothes, casting, choreography, sets.... it all looks like a dream. And in beautiful clear New Mexico. Who could want anything more!
good "Up" is a winner, and I couldn't be less surprised. Anyone still putting a limit on how new and inventive they think a Pixar film can be deserves to have their socks blown off. For the rest of us, just buy a ticket and expect to be taken away. This new flick is the work of writers/directors Pete Docter and Bob Peterson, two guys who have each been around the making of Pixar flicks before. Docter was a director on "Monsters Inc", a writer on "Toy Story" and a co-writer and director on "Wall*E." Peterson was a writer on "Finding Nemo". Both know the guidelines for success and while "Up" doesn't reach the heights of say a "Wall*E" or a "Toy Story", it's still a fantastic movie because, well, I don't think the people Pixar hires know how to make anything other than fantastic movies.This one is about Carl Fredericksen (Edward Asner), a 78-year old retired balloon salesman living alone in a house full of old memories. Carl and his wife Ellie met each other as young children, both enamored by the newsreels about adventurer Charles Muntz (Christopher Plummer). They eventually married and planned on seeing the world together, especially Paradise Falls in South America, but life kept getting in the way and before he knew it, Ellie died.As the world changes, Carl refuses to change with it. When developers threaten to move him out of his house and into a retirement home, the old codger rigs his house up with thousands of balloons and before you can say "way to go Carl", he floats away, determined to have the adventure he and his wife never had. He doesn't plan on taking 8-year old chubby wilderness explorer Russell (Jordan Nagai) with him or crash landing on the other side of Paradise Falls, or finding an exotic female snipe (that Russell names Kevin) or a group of talking dogs (one named Dug befriends them) tracking down the bird for Muntz, who it turns out is a sinister villain, but things kinda turn out that way.You're grabbed instantly. The adorable opening montage of the Carl and Ellie love story is more endearing and moving in its dialogue-less 10-minute entirety than any other romance this year by a long shot. This is another Pixar flick that goes in a daring direction. We next see Carl as a heartbreaking old man, his wife dead and the world no longer needing him. You forgive him his bitterness and you love him for the sentimental streak he has towards the things he and his wife shared together. His crabbiness is a little funny but there are also some heavy scenes early on as well. It sets up a beautiful, multi-layered story about enduring love and learning to live life without limits.When a thrilling rainstorm crashes Carl and Russell on the other side of Paradise Falls, the two must each harness themselves to the house floating above them. The characters each look terrific and share a good chemistry. Russell is the usual 8-year old kid, talkative, inquisitive, and annoyingly overeager. He is a good comic foil to crabby Carl, his big, rosey smile and plump round stature a counter to the stout, frowningly square-faced Carl. As the two spend more time together, a wonderfully written friendship develops.The movie is full of visual gags and the talking dog-henchmen are great fun. Muntz, an adventurer who travels around the world in a big blimp, offers a menacingly evil villain to chase Carl and Russell through rough mountainous terrain before the exciting final house vs. blimp in-air showdown. Plus the movie looks fantastic, a lush array of candy color and grand scenery. And the vocal cast, from Edward Asner to Christopher Plummer and Jordan Nagai each deftly voice their roles. "Up" is one of the year's rare treasures, a movie that flies in every way possible and from Pixar, you shouldn't expect anything less.
good This epic tale of patriotism, love and conflict opens with a birds eye view which takes you through mist and air out onto an open loch with scenic mountains in the background. This is accompanied by stirring bagpipe music, and shortly by the start of a narrative by Robert the Bruce.After a short introduction of a young William Wallace, involving his fathers death and his first step into warrior-hood, we are taken to present day England where Edward Longshank's tight rule over Scotland is getting increasingly harsh. Enter a fully grown Wallace (a rugged long-haired Gibson) who is back to start a family and a new life. He soon meets Muran, a girl who he remembered from way back. He and Muran fall in love and shortly get a private nighttime marriage, as a public one would result in the 'Prima Nocte' rule being enforced.Unfortunately, one of the English soldiers controlling their village confronts a scared Muran and forces her into a quiet spot. William leaps to Muran's rescue and all hell ensues. The commanding officer executes Muran promptly for assault on one of the King's men as she bit him whilst defending herself. She was supposed to meet William at a secret spot after she was rescued but was knocked off the horse.William returns to the village on horseback to give himself in, but he has other plans. The uprising that ensues is one of the most pulse racing and exciting fights that has ever graced the silver screen IMO. This is the spark that starts off the Scottish revolution for freedom. Soon, other clans join Wallace, then whole towns stand by him. He soon finds himself on the fields of Stirling for a real showdown. I thought I'd give you the first hour in a nutshell, the rest of the movie revolves around Wallace, Longshanks and the Queen of France as they all fight for their own cause.The battle scenes are ground breaking and upfront, the senses of comradeship, love, patriotism and courage all take a stand throughout the film. The music adds further to the epic, be it sad and haunting tunes, or strong and stirring bagpipe anthems. Wallace is portrayed as a beacon of strength and power, not to mention a much honoured leader. Sometimes Gibson takes his character a little too far, but the title Braveheart is one that is implied to Wallace's qualities. The films dramatic and moving ending is a good finish to a superb and powerful film.
good  Everyone around me told me it was going to be terrible. Early reviews said that it was nothing special. With these planted doubts, I still went to see it in IMax. As of right now, it is the greatest experience I have ever had in a movie theater.This movie was pure fun. The Wachowskis truly know how to take risks. They just took their art and ran with it. All the actors were terrific. I especially gives props to the actor who played the youngest Racer brother. Honestly, I thought that boy would sink the film but after seeing it, Speed Racer would not have been half as fun without him and the monkey.This is most visually stunning film to date, with a climax that continues to climb and climb. I wanted to jump out of my chair and cheer for Speed at almost everything. Granted, the film was predictable, but I didn't care. I still held my breath at all the moments, asking myself if Speed would be able to pull it off. I've never smiled through a movie as much as I have with this one in a long time.Huge 10/10 for Speed Racer and a big thank you to everyone involved in making this masterpiece. My kids will be watching this film. If there is a Speed Racer 2, I am there.
good The Usual Suspects, is, in my mind, one of the most fantastic pieces of film-making ever to grace our screens. That a group of people can come up with a piece of fiction that is so excellent in every way, from start to finish, is frightening. Who knows, maybe this film has no superior.A lot is made of the film's ending. Not for a moment am I going to let slip what exactly that is. I would never deny another film lover the sheer sense of amazement that ran through my body when the film reached its climax. While not the film's only strong point; this is a masterpiece ALL the way through, the ending will blow you away.The cast is, in a word, flawless. Kevin Spacey has, as far as I am concerned, never been better. He turns in a performance that is so moving and outstanding that he should have got three Oscars. But he is not alone. Byrne is fantastic, Del Toro adds continental flair, and Postlethwaite is disturbingly dark, yet calculated.By all means watch this film, and observe its strong points, from Bryan Singer's masterful direction to the equally pleasing musical score. Prepare yourself for a rollercoaster ride and the best ending EVER in a film made anywhere in the world. I mean that.Oh, and when you have finished; by all means, watch it again!9.7/10Nothing in life is 100% perfect now is it?
good  Most young people today need to learn that Robert De Niro was not just  the person in Meet the Parents or The Adventures of Rocky and  Bullwinkle, but he starred in films like The Deer Hunter, which got him  to where he is today. Not only is he a great actor, he always picks  good films to act in. And with a strong supporting cast, also, you  can't really go wrong with The Deer Hunter.  Michael (De Niro), Nick (Christopher Walken), and Steven (John Savage)  sign up to go to Vietnam. They leave after a farewell party/wedding  party for Stanley and Angela (Rutanya Alda). Once in the  midst of the war, they are forced into playing Russian Roulette and  eventually they escape, but none of them can forget the experiences  from the war.  It's sad to see that Michael Cimino fade from view, because his  direction here is really memorable and it's what holds the film  together. There's about 70 minutes in the beginning of the film that  has nothing to do with the rest of the film, but it gets us to know  these three main characters, and it seems like you wouldn't care if  they even went to Vietnam, because you certainly were intrigued by  these three people. And once they're in the perils of war, you feel  enough for these three basic people to get through the war.  The Russian Roulette scenes are harrowing, even when it's a complete  stranger who has the gun to their head. I read that to get the tension  on set, a live bullet was put into the gun, but it was checked to make  sure that it wasn't the one about to be shot. And, since you've known  these people for 90 minutes already, you obviously didn't want them to  die, making them all the more nervous.  The Deer Hunter is quite unlike another great Vietnam film, Full Metal  Jacket. While FMJ just showed the immediate results, this movie showed  the results immediately and in the future, back at home. This helped  make everything seem more realistic, which it was. For each of the  three main characters, the war has changed them greatly, and none for  the better.  De Niro is great, but the stand out here is Walken, who accurately  takes his role and makes it into something memorable. Thankfully, he  won best supporting actor. Meryl Streep was nominated as a supporting  character, deservedly. However, this movie is not all about the acting,  it's about the feeling you get. As one character says, 'I don't know  how I feel.' That's exactly how you'll feel after seeing this  tour-de-force.  My rating: 10/10  Rated R for strong language and violence.
good Remember 'Jaws'? Remember the way you only got to see little glimpses of the shark or just the remains of his victims for nearly half the movie? Instead, you got to meet half the town first and all the main characters while fear and paranoia slowly spread across the whole community, and when the great white guy finally did make his entrance - boy, what an impact he had. Now, that was 40 years ago - but would it be possible to make that kind of movie today? To show restraint despite a budget of 160+ million dollars and all the latest state of the art CGI-effects the blockbuster factory has to offer?As it turns out, it's not quite possible; at least not as far as this latest version of 'Godzilla' is concerned - but that's probably not for lack of trying on director Gareth Edwards' part. The young director ('Monsters') has stated many times that 'Jaws' was a huge inspiration for him on this movie, and it is hardly a coincidence that the (human) hero in 'Godzilla' shares the same name with the hero in Spielberg's masterpiece (they're both called Brody).Edwards made it very clear that he wanted to take an "old school" approach - and as far as the beautiful, haunting build-up of the first half of the movie is concerned, he actually succeeds. The atmosphere of mystery and dread is tangible; the human element is there, the acting and the dialogues are solid, and the production design is breathtaking (especially the apocalyptic images of an evacuated city in Japan which was left to decay for 15 years, overgrown with plants and with packs of wild dogs running in the streets). The "muto" design - when we do get a first glimpse at a creature - is otherworldly and frightening (as good monsters should be), but as the movie progresses into the second half and the creature-action increases, the quality of the pacing, the dialogues and the acting inexplicably decreases. The movie sadly starts to feel flat, and although there is one great creature scene after another, and although those scenes get more and more intense as the storyline steers towards the inevitable showdown, it's hard to stay invested in the human side of the story.After the first act (when there was actually still some real acting required from the actors), there are virtually no interesting moments anymore when the human protagonists interact, let alone lingering scenes where the characters get to talk long enough to one another to even try to build such a thing as chemistry. So when the finale does arrive (which looks absolutely beautiful, by the way), you admire its epic scale, but since there is nobody to care about, it's hard to feel thrilled.Sure, you kind of root for Godzilla, but since you only just met the guy, you don't feel too much attached. Ultimately - despite a great build-up and a fantastic looking finale - 'Godzilla' is a valid effort but only rarely a thrilling one. Unlike in 'Jaws', there are no interesting human characters here who could help create the kind of tension-heavy atmosphere or sense of impending doom the way Chief Brody, Hooper and Quint could 40 years ago.Trying to show restraint alone is not enough to create a sense of wonder the way seventies cinema did - you also need the kind of character-driven scenes where someone says: "We're gonna need a bigger boat!"Favorite films: IMDb.com/list/mkjOKvqlSBs/Lesser-Known Masterpieces: imdb.com/list/ls070242495/Favorite Low-Budget and B-Movies: imdb.com/list/ls054808375/Favorite TV-Shows reviewed: imdb.com/list/ls075552387/
good  This is a superb film. Best film of the year in my estimation bar none. This exceptional Canadan film should easily win best Foreign film at the Oscars. Directing, photography, cinematography, casting, acting all outstanding. The film also has something to say on the nature of hate and violence. Unfortunately this wonderful film will neither be seen nor appreciated by a wide audience. Denis Villeneuve has created a fabulous film. He has done an immense job taking this from novel to the screen.
good I remember seeing this movie during the mid 80s. Saw this few years back on a rented DVD. Enjoyed it. One of my fav movie. It is a perfectly paced movie. One of the best heist film. The film paid proper attention to details from the setting, to how characters talked, to what they wore. The music was good. It's a great balance between comedy and drama. The movie is exciting and very entertaining. The acting was simply perfect. Robert Redford and Paul Newman gave lovely performances. The cast is so rich with Redford, Newman, Shaw, Walston, Gould, Durning, Brennan... Direction by George Roy Hill was flawless. But I still love his previous work, Butch Cassidy.... Awesome job by David S. Ward as a writer. It has one of the best screenplay. The story has enough twists n the character development is superb. I was rooting for the gang to succeed in the heist. The villain was convincing in being nasty, smileless n a crooked fella who needed to be looted. The twist and turns is great and the film is almost perfect.
good  Having just finished the original book written by noted Canadian author Margaret Atwood, I was eager to see this film to see the world depicted within recreated visually. Immediately I was drawn into this disturbing world. ** SPOILERS **The USA as we know it is gone, replaced via a coup d'état by right-wing Christian fundamentalists who establish the Republic of Gilead in it's place where literal interpretations of the Old Testament take the place of the Constitution and laws governing the land. (The name Gilead comes from the Bible from an area NE of the Dead Sea, why Atwood used this I do not know). As a result of nuclear waste, radiation and pollution, only a tenth of the population can reproduce. Women who are still fertile are brainwashed and trained as handmaids, subjugated as virtual sex slaves and sent to live in the households of high-ranking state officials to bear their children.Does the film diverge from the book? A fair bit, but not as bad as other film adaptions like Ludlum's "Bourne" series or "Interview With the Vampire" & "Queen of the Damned."Again, more spoilers: in the book, there is a great deal more emphasis on the narrator's history, especially with her mother and her husband, Luke, who only appears in the film's beginning. In the book, Luke's fate is unknown, as he was taken away from her and never seen again. In the film, Luke is shot and killed within the first few minutes. In the book, the narrator's mother is a free-thinking feminist who winds up sent to the Colonies, but we never see her in the film. Moira in the book is virtually the same, but she knew the narrator prior to being sent to the Red Centre - they were friends in college. The most startling change from book to film was the ending: Kate in the movie slashes the throat of the Commander she is assigned to before being whisked away by the Mayday resistance group to freedom. In the book, this does not happen - she is led away and the Commander is told she was secretly stealing information from him.Also, in the book the narrator is not named, while in the film she is given the name Kate. Following the climax there is a fictional seminar synopsis set hundreds of years after the events in the book where the characters and their possible identities are examined. In this, the reader learns the Republic of Gilead eventually fell.Overall, a great read and a decent adaptation to film. Definitely worth a read, especially during the year of an election. It will scare the hell out of you.
good  Very, VERY few films have had the distinct ability to move and inspire me to the point where the effect is almost life-altering. "Gandhi" - the unbelievable, first-rate biopic on the historical figure - is truly one of those films, no question whatsoever. An unsurprising sweep for the 1983 Academy Awards, this is without a doubt one of the last real "epic" motion pictures ever.Chronicling the rich, unforgettable life of a one Mohandas K. "Mahatma" Gandhi - played to shocking perfection by the wonderful Sir Ben Kingsley - this is a film that I can say really, deeply affected me with its power, its scale, and of course, its timeless message of love and non-violence. As a matter of fact, ever since I first saw the film, and became much more aware of the back story, I can also say that Gandhi is now one of my biggest role models in life. I cannot fully express how much this great man's way of thinking - his words, his struggles, his accomplishments - has affected my own, for I am now a practicing pacifist. I am a firm believer in the value of non-violent protest, and have tried my best to apply that philosophy to most situations in my life. It has worked wonders for me, and has really changed how I view the world in terms of human nature and so forth. Like I said, VERY few films can do something like that to me.
good  I didn't know what to expect when going into watch "Mamma Mia", was this gonna be another Hairspray or Across the Universe or Rent? This was a lighthearted, quite enjoyable movie of its own style, Meryl Strep blew the entire audience away with her comedic persona in this movie. After seeing her in Devil Wears Prada, you are shaken momentarily after seeing her climb on top a roof singing "Mamma Mia!" and swoon and the dance teenage giddy girl dance. You'll love this movie for trio of older woman characters, they were all so funny. Mr. James Bond's character and singing was such a hilarious delight for the audience, we couldn't believe this was the man who played a top secret spy agent.With just the right amount of eccentricity, heart, and *get out of those movie chairs and DANCE IN THE AISLE* ABBA music, you'll never want this adventure to end.
good Ignore the haters whatsoever, believe me! It's been a while since I saw a good action thriller with a brilliant story and boy this movie fulfilled my wish! From the beginning to the end, absolute brilliance! The story was so engaging, the reality that none can be trusted. The acting was so natural that I thought it was really happening and not a movie. This movie is all about traitors, how they play mind games and hurt the innocent. The camera work, sound, action...Everything was just top notch!I don't want to reveal anymore. All I can say is ignore the haters and watch this movie at any cost as if you don't; you've missed a brilliant one!
good  "I believe that a filmmaker's entire work is contained within his first film; not that it can all be foreseen, but that it can afterwards be verified." – Francois Truffaut (The Films In My Life) Buzz Lightyear, a glossy action figure with a sexy sheen, is not a mere toy. He's a Space Ranger, tasked with protecting the universe from the evil Emperor Zurg! His life has meaning, he is unique, his existence has grand purpose! Woody, a dated cowboy doll, thinks otherwise. He was once a youthful and exuberant toy, the favourite plaything of his owner Andy, but years of existence have shown him the truth: everyone is just a toy, soon to be forgotten and discarded. No one is unique. There is no grand purpose. No universe to save. Better to be a realist, seeing the world without its fake plastic facade and tacky ipod veneer.Of course Buzz thinks Woody is just a crazy old timer. Doesn't Woody realise that Buzz is a genuine Space Ranger?! That he's a member of the Elite Universe Protection Unit! That he alone has information that reveals Emperor Zurg's weakness! That stupid fool! Naturally, we the audience identify with Woody. Buzz seems like an idiot, brainwashed and in desperate need of identity and purpose. The Elite Universe Protection Unit merely elevates believers into a position of exaggerated importance. This is an idle fantasy, an other-worldly hope adopted by those who can't face the dour reality that is the "real world of toys".Midway in the film, our heroes stumble across a horde of green alien toys. These aliens worship a giant claw, a mechanical God which they believe will descend and pluck the "chosen ones", taking them to some kind of toy heaven. In reality, the claw chooses only deluded souls, and offers them to the devilish Cid Phillips, a sadistic child who mutilates toys. "Nirvana is coming!" the aliens whisper, watching as the "chosen ones" are airlifted to their deaths.Buzz Lightyear faces a similar scenario later in the film. Having witnessed a television commercial which advertises a vast range of Buzz Lightyear action figures, Buzz must confront the fact that he really is "just an ordinary toy" who "can not fly". "Flying" thus becomes a sort of Nietzschean metaphor, the ability to transcend the "flesh" (in this case, injection moulded plastic) and become "something more".Buzz's first reaction upon seeing the commercial is to seek refuge in denial. "I am not a toy!" he says to himself, before climbing to the top of a staircase. Seeking to validate himself by flying, by defying the laws of toy-dom, he takes a giant jump – a literal leap of faith – and of course falls promptly to the ground. He can't fly.Cue the fastest existential crisis ever seen in a children's film, Buzz Lightyear promptly falling into a deep depression, his faith completely destroyed. His entire existence was based on a lie, a social framework which indoctrinated him into believing that the fate of the whole universe depended on his actions. How can he continue living? Why do anything? What's the point? And more importantly, how the hell did this become a kid's franchise? It's like a demented cartoon by Philip K. Dick ("Do Plastic Toys Dream of Suicide Switches?").Then comes the message of the film. Woody tells Buzz that being a Space Ranger doesn't define who he is. His value, status and worth can only be found within the community of toys, on ground level, and not "up in the skies". There is no purpose beyond ground zero and our importance lies solely in our ability to bring good to those immediately around us.Buzz heeds Woody's words and quickly gets over his loss of faith. He stages a daring rescue mission, straps a rocket to his back and flies spectacularly in the air, his newfound love for the "greater good of his family" quite literally giving him wings.In true Zarathustran fashion, Buzz becomes a pint sized Ubermensch figure, a superman who reaches for the sky but is then brought depressingly back down to Earth. If he would just lower his sights, Woody then says, Buzz would find enough reasons to live. Set free of the "moral code" imprinted on him by his makers, Buzz thus adopts a new code which, though it puts limits upon him, negating some of his wild ambitions and reducing him, in an existential sense, to a chunk of plastic, still allows for a Nietzschean war cry. This cry, which Buzz yells every time he jumps across that dark abyss, sums up humanity best: "To Infinity and Beyond!" 8.9/10 – With its revolutionary visuals, consistent humour, genuine sense of adventure, memorable characters, slick camera work and a couple action/adventure scenes worthy of George Lucas, "Toy Story" is a milestone in cinema, and one of the most influential animated films since "Snow White".Most interesting, though, is in observing how Brad Bird reverses Lasseter's themes here with his first Pixar feature, "The Incredibles". Brad Bird seems to be the bad boy of Pixar, subverting them from within. Viva la Resistance. Worth multiple viewings.
good Club dread is a cinematic treat. Fans of super troopers will understand the clever brand of comedy applied in this film. The accents aren't supposed to be realistic, the situations aren't supposed to be suspenseful, and most of all the acting isn't supposed to be oscar worthy. It's a joke people. It's a movie made by a comedy troop co-starring Bill Paxton. They're not exactly shooting for the stars. What they are trying to do is make you laugh. Let down your guard and admit that you like unnecessary nudity, brutal murders, and fake accents. If you didn't like super troopers you probably won't like this movie but on the same token, if you didn't like super troopers you're an uptight loser with no sense of humor. This movie is flat out funny when taken for what it is, so please do so. If you're looking for a life changing dramatic experience go see The Passion of The Christ but if you want to have a good time laughing at stuff you know is funny, even if you won't admit it, see this film. Smoke some, drink some, or go sober, but have a good time. Peace.
good What fun I had at this movie!  The whole experience, from the crowd cheering and excitement as the words "A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away" appeared, to the music, the opening scenes as Qui Gon and Obi Won battled the droids, to the escape of Queen Amidala, to the pod racing, to the unleashing of Darth Maul, to the climatic fight, etc., etc.!  This was a great time.  I hear some complain that it wasn't anything like the first Star Wars, A New Hope.  Well, of course not!  Had it been, everyone would have complained that all they did was try to recapture the magic of the first movie!  I highly recommend this movie to anyone, any age, anywhere!
good In Serbia, the retired porn star Milos (Srdjan Todorovic) is married with his beloved wife Marija (Jelena Gavrilovic) and they have a little son, Peter, that is their pride and joy. The family is facing financial difficulties, but out of the blue, Milos is contacted by the porn actress Lejla (Katarina Zutic) that offers him a job opportunity in an art film. Milos is introduced to the director Vukmir (Sergej Trifunovic) that offers a millionaire contract to Milos to act in a film. However, Vukmir neither show the screenplay nor tell the story to Milos. Milos discuss the proposal with Marija and he signs the contract. But sooner he finds that Vukmir and his crew are involved in sick snuff films of pedophilia, necrophilia and torture and there is no way back to him and maybe it is too late to protect his family. Yesterday, the exhibition of "A Serbian Film" was forbidden in the RioFan Festival by the promoters that claimed in a note that "We deeply regret the decision. "A Serbian Film" is, without any doubt, one of the most polemic films of all times etc." These were the magic words that made me see this film.First of all, I am against any censorship: a film shall be accordingly rated, with warning advising the theme since only very specific audiences might like it. My wife, for example, is a very sensitive person and would never support watching "A Serbian Film".This film is indeed sick, violent, polemic, with many transgressions; but "Irréversible"; "Salò o le 120 Giornate di Sodoma"; "Hostel"; "Ichi, the Killer"; "Cannibal Holocaust"; "I Spit on Your Grave" (the original) and many others also are and they have their public and fans."A Serbian Film" is one of the most violent, sick and graphic films that I have ever seen, but I liked it. The sequence with the baby is unbearable and hard to see; the scene with Milo's family is too violent and disturbing but absolutely predictable. The acting and make-up are impressively realistic. Certainly a sensitive person will be sick and will not like or even see this movie. The poster in the movie-theaters and the boxes of the DVD or Blu-Ray should warn that this story is recommended to a very specific audience; but censorship, never, since it is the best marketing that a polemic film can have. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): "A Serbian Film – Terror Sem Limites" ("A Serbian Film – Terror without Limits")
good  No, this is not the best film about the Vietnam War; it's hardly about Vietnam at all. The vets who don't like it have it wrong, as do the Vietnamese who found it racist. It could be any war, with any combatants. But because the (primary) victims here are recognizable American archetypes, Americans will feel this in their gut more than any other war film I know of. This is one of the very few post-war Hollywood films that shows a sincere reverence for the lives of small town Americans.After seeing it in a very high quality theater on its initial release, I walked out thinking it was easily one of the best movies I had ever seen - and that I never wanted to see it again. But I looked at it today on cable and found that not much had changed about it, or me. I don't want to see it again...but I want you to see it.Even now, the Russian Roulette scene (in context, people: watch all that comes before it first) is the single most intense sequence I've seen; it makes the end of "Reservoir Dogs" seem like a cartoon. Best Walken performance, period. Meryl Streep glows, DeNiro has seldom been more affecting. A unique classic...it is not surprising that Cimino didn't have another movie in him after something this wrenching.
good  **************this might contain spoilers**********************The movie Perfect Stranger opened today and as many critic noted the script was not up to standard. But then again one is always reading how today's script's just don't cut it. And one wonders why? Surly today's directors can draw upon previous movie scripts if no more than to see how well they are constructed. And no script was more in it's craft that Joseph L. Mankiewicz's All About Eve. I could also point out Billy Wilder's Double Indemnity and a few others but All About Eve is one one Mankiewicz's best, along with A Letter to Three Wives and the charming People Will Talk. But, as many a poster knows All About Eve garnered 14 academy award nominations, winning 6. Bette Davis was robbed! Sure, Gloria Swanson was dazzling in Sunset Boulevard but she didn't have the competition Miss Davis had in All About Eve. There was Anne Baxter reprising a similar role she played in the 1944 film Guest in the House. And George Sanders playing a variation of his role in The Picture of Dorian Gray. I think the academy members gave him his award for his magnificent body of work. His award was well deserved. But miss Baxter couldn't hold a candle to Miss Davis who essayed her role in 14 days. And out of sequence. The first scene filmed for the movie was Miss Davis encountering Addison De Witt in the lobby of the theatre. The producers could only get the theatre for a certain time not on it's schedule so did what it had to do. Film that scene. The interior of the theatre scene was filmed at a later date. Many people don't know that Hollywood is a very small town. And the academy award members is not a large body at all, maybe a little over two thousand. But at that time the members had long memories and since Miss Davis was no longer Queen of Hollywood let alone under a contract to a major studio they knew they had no allegiance to her. She had stepped on too many academy members toes, and some still felt the sting. Gloria Swanson, well, she just came out of retirement for this one film and so they felt no allegiance to her, either. Neither studio backed the two stars. And the award went to Judy Holliday for a very boring movie called Born Yesterday. A role that Miss Holliday had performed on Broadway many many time. It's hard to watch Born Yesterday today and you really wonder why the members didn't give the academy award to Miss Davis. All About Eve is a timeless movie, a classic and a gem and the towering performance in the entire film is by Bette Davis. To go further in the case of vendetta, the members did give Katherine Hepburn an award for her unforgettable performance in The Lion in Winter but to make sure Davis couldn't catch Hepburn she got another award for the insipid Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, a role not worthy of an academy award. Still, Miss Davis somehow comes out a true winner when all one has to do is to watch All About Eve. We are her academy award.
good Years have past since Danny saw his neo-nazi brother, kill several black males who were robbing his car.  Since he has been in prison, Derek's legacy has grown among the white gangs of the area and Danny has followed in his brother's footsteps.  When he writes a racist paper for school, his teacher makes his write a new paper, focusing on recent history  that of his brother and how he influenced him.  Meanwhile Derek leaves prison a reformed man with only the desire to repair the damage he once did to his family with his beliefs and his hate.I was looking forward to see this film as I missed it at the cinema and am a firm believer that Edward Norton is one of the most talented actors of his generation and is always worth seeing (even if some of his films have given less than he deserves).  It was maybe better that I only saw it recently as I was able to enjoy it without all the hype and fighting over who did what to who, or all the comments from director Kaye as to his opinions of the film.  Having seen the pompous fool interviewed several times, I find it quite self assuring that I don't agree with his opinions of it!The plot is a mix of flashback into Derek's hate filled past (told in b&w) and the present (colour) where he is desperate to save his brother and family from suffering anymore from his `sins'.  As a basic narrative the film struggles at times to make a solid story and seems to be trying too hard to create confrontations to up the drama within the film.  It still works mind you but this is not it's best asset.The main thing the film does well is to be a very true representation of white male disillusionment.  The film avoids painting these people as monsters straightaway (although makes no bones that they are confused, misled and wrong).  The arguments and discussions they have in the film are not so far from reality that the characters seem fiction  the characters and the film's world seem very real.  The film's message that hate is no way to live no matter who it is directed at may be a little simplistic but it is a valid point.  One particular weakness which I felt was a little hamfisted was Derek's `road to Damascus' experience in prison  it was OK but was far too easy given the character we had just seen brutally kill several black men.The other main selling point the film has is a performance by Norton that simply ensures he steals nearly every scene he is in.  In b&w flashback he is at his best  a larger than life character who is never allowed to just be seen as a thug.  Norton acts out the various stages of his life well and makeup ensures that he looks younger when required.  In the present he is less dominant but still is very good giving a different performance. Furlong is also very strong, although he only has a few scenes where he is able to be outside of Norton's shadow.  Support from Balk, Gould, D'Angelo and Brooks is mixed  Gould's Jewish character is only in the film to allow for one scene to occur, while Brooks' righteous teacher is simply a `morally upright teacher' with no meat on his character.Overall this is a good film, which occasionally struggles when it forces the issue in the `present' scenes.  However for the most part it is a powerful film which owes a lot to well captured themes and an excellent performance from Norton.
good  I am totally dumbfounded by some of the reactions to this film.  I'm imagining that the people who call this film boring are of the frame of mind, that unless a film has at least three explosions then it's not worth the price of a cinema ticket.  Then there are the people calling it unrealistic.  Now forgive me but I come from a similar background to the central character Will and I believe myself to be intelligent, but I didn't use my intelligence until very recently.  Instead I took to taking drugs and drinking and swearing!  Only a few years ago I was working as a cleaner, but now I'm studying programming and media technology at the best technical University in the UK.  Now if I can identify with this film's realism (and I live in England) why can't so many others? This film is a veritable jewel.  The script is one of the best I've ever seen.  The way it mixes thought provoking ideas and witticisms with the kind of colloquial dialogue which we have read in things like The Catcher in the Rye'.  Now I agree with the sentiment that some people have put across, get in touch with your inner Robin Williams'.  But thankfully the script or Gus Van Sant or whatever prevented it from going over board.  Look at the final scene where they're hugging and saying their farewells.  Now this could have overlapped into a typical slushy moment, but no the lines `Doesn't this contravene the Doctor, patient relationship?'  `Only if you grab my ass' were uttered so as to diffuse it.  Then bear in mind that you never actually see the reunion between Skylar and Will!  I could go on forever arguing against people's criticisms.  But what's the point if certain viewers can't appreciate the subtly evocative direction of Van Sant, the quick fire script and the superb performances by the cast.   It's these same viewers who shall, until the end of their days sit and watch the vacuous outpourings of Hollywood mainstream.  Let them watch this chewing gum for the mind' and we discerning few will lap up the droplets of quality cinema.  I think a quote is in order here directed to all you viewers who deemed this film boring or unrealistic `If ignorance is bliss, there should be more happy people.'
good  Considered by many to be the last "classic" noir film ever made, and perhaps the last masterwork from child prodigy Orson Welles, who looks about sixty in this film, despite his 42 years. In TOUCH OF EVIL the "noirish" dark streets and shadows are darker than ever, practically swallowing up the soft tones like a murky swamp. The action takes place in a nondescript U.S./Mexico border town where the worst that both sides has to offer is most in evidence. The famous opening scene (a 3 1/2-minute continuous shot) where we witness a time bomb being placed in the trunk of a Cadillac is masterful. The camera pulls in and out of the city scene as it follows the motion of the vehicle winding its way through streets littered with pedestrians, thus effectively creating a level of anxiety that could not be duplicated with multiple edits. After the inevitable explosion, the drama dives into a seedy world of corrupt police justice and malevolent decrepitude, which is filmed with such a stylish flair, it is almost weirdly humorous and playful! Mike Vargas, the good guy, is played by Charlton Heston and seems more than a wee bit miscast as a Mexican narcotics officer with his face darkened by makeup. When U.S. Police Captain Hank Quinlan (Orson Welles) first meets him he remarks, "He doesn't look Mexican." Quinlan is the ultimate repugnant cop gone bad and Welles has the camera looking up into his nostrils most of the time making his character look even more monstrous. But Quinlan is also pitifully sad. A man who once had the instincts of a cat and the intelligence of a fox has been reduced to an insignificant mass of tissue, who's "instinct" is having a knack for finding evidence that he himself has planted. And while he may be revered by the local officials in law enforcement, he's acutely aware that he is a fraud and petrified that Vargas, has seen him naked.
good 'Amores Perros' is a shocking experience from visionary director Alejandro Gonzalez Iñarritu. It's a difficult film to watch, one which continuously challenges its audience, but a reward in of itself for those who can withstand its brutality. It puts a magnifying glass to the pain of love, and those who are destroyed by it. It gives new meaning to the film title's literal translation, 'love is a bitch'.In a single moment in time, several lives in Mexico City will be changed forever by a devastating car crash. The film divides itself into three separate segments: representing the past, present, and future. Octavio is searching for recognition and love, but looks in the wrong places. It's a desire that drives him, leading him to make choices in life that will soon haunt him. Valerie, whose life is most impacted by the car accident, finds herself living in a relationship that's crumbling and self-destructing. El Chivo must deal with the absence of his daughter, and the void it's left in his life. He finds companionship in the dogs he picks up off the street, and they soon become the only living things he can connect with. Together, the lives of these individuals will collide in more ways than one. They will find themselves connected by a single thread: love. And the hell that can be unleashed with it.When I finished watching 'Amores Perros', one of the first things that popped into my mind was why 'Babel' couldn't have been this good. Where 'Babel' lacked in emotional depths and highs, 'Amores Perros' at times finds itself drowning in it. It's a visceral and gritty film, so raw and intense. You may think you've seen it all, but 'Perros' will challenge even those who are rarely phased by cinema. You may find it difficult not to look away at times. Iñarritu's movie has been described as being a 'dog holocaust', and at times I can't disagree. The film's sheer violence is so penetrating and disturbing, it packs a mighty punch. And while this film is definitely not for the squeamish or faint of heart, there's no question that 'Amores Perros' has a tender heart and message ready to be heard. Iñarritu crafts a compelling story from start to finish, which strips down to the bare basics. His ability to capture a piece of the human spirit is wondrous, even if it doesn't always cast us in the best light. It's dark, fierce, and relentless, but nothing short of greatness.'Amores Perros' features an array of actors and actresses, all of which work wonders in their respective roles. Gael Garcia Bernal is, as always, brilliant. It's a more restrained and less quirky role than many are used to seeing him in, but nonetheless has the rare ability to capture and audience's attention with ease. Emilio Echevarria stars as El Chivo, and delivers a haunting performance as a man who finds himself alone and saddened. It's the weakest part of the film, but is made up for by Emilio's wonderful presence. Goya Toledo plays Valerie, a celebrity crippled by the accident the film revolves around. I found her part in the story to be most interesting, if not for the fact of seeing the life of someone who goes from having it all to nothing at all. There are many numerous performances, too many to cover, but they all lend their talents to create something extraordinary.'Amores Perros' is an adrenaline rush for its entire running, which tops two-and-a-half hours. It's all a very human and primal film, which can be attributed to Iñarritu's impeccable style and talent. Combining a mutli-faceted story with electric performances, 'Perros' works on many different layers to satisfying results. An original and bold step in film-making, this nearly perfect picture will have you experience a collage of emotions, and invest in flawed characters... all for the sake of love.
good I liked Ghost Whisperer. I don't know how long it will last, but who can tell nowadays. (I figured Joan of Arcadia for a seven year run.)At least Jennifer Love Hewitt is back and she's not reprising Party of Five this time. She's chasing ghosts, which allows her to do everything she does well except sing. (She has a great voice. Started out singing in Texas at age 3. Maybe she'll meet a singing ghost somewhere along the way.)So it's Ghost Whisperer on CBS versus Medium on NBC and that may rankle Medium fans but Medium is on a different night and seems to be slowing down this season. I always tape Medium because it usually puts me to sleep in the last half-hour, despite the admirable talents of Patricia Arquette and Jake Weber and their wonderful TV kids Sofia Vassilieva and Maria Lark.It isn't Jennifer Love Hewitt versus Patricia Arquette in any case. These two actresses are as different as night and day in look, style and approach. Both total pros and completely capable of leading a series.I didn't like the Medium rip-off scene where a prophetic nightmare wakes Melinda (Jennifer Love Hewitt) in bed with her husband (David Conrad), but once you get past the obvious similarities GW goes way beyond Medium. Melinda doesn't depend on dreams. She sees ghosts everywhere, all the time. (The bedroom in Medium is that show's main set.)Ghost Whisperer is no Dead Zone and it's not jumping on the post-X-Files backlash bandwagon like Supernatural either. It's more Touched By An Angel (a similarity that Dead Zone exec producer Michael Piller specifically instructs his writers to avoid.)The Ghost Whisperer pilot did center entirely on Hewitt, but it's her show, after all. I wondered if they cut stuff out for time. References to what her husband does for a living were rather obviously thrown in as voiceovers until they briefly discussed his day as a paramedic, rather than showing him in action somewhere in the beginning to establish him.I liked that producer Hewitt pulled in character actors Eddie Jones (ex-Pa Kent from Lois & Clark, the Invisible Man's boss, etc) and Jon Polito and also Wentworth Miller (from Prison Break) as guest stars. (And was that June Lockhart as Melinda's grandma? Sure looked like her.) Wentworth Miller reminds me so much of Steve McQueen that I'm hooked on Prison Break, despite the limited nature of that plot line. And the scene where guest Balthazar Getty (as Michael Adams) told Melinda off was terrific.Anyway, there's no denying that Hewitt is beautiful and maturing as an actress. She has a great, expressive face. (I admit that the whole show could be shot in close ups and I'd probably still like it.) Modern former child actors like Hewitt and Sarah Michelle Gellar and Seth Green knock me out because they always seem to know exactly what they're doing. They don't just stand around waiting while other actors deliver their lines. They're always "on".But Hewitt is more than just a pretty face. (She could have been a Charmed One after Shannen Doherty left, but turned down the role.) I say let's see what happens with Ghost Whisperer. It may just be the surprise hit of the season.
good  OVerall it was okay, and will make a bunch of money. But David Yates was not the best to direct the Potter films. His method always seems to be to just get through the movie as quick as possible. This has been true since OOTP. The problem is that such a quick pace leaves out many key scenes and doesn't allow the viewer to make more of an emotional investment in the story and the characters. Deathly Hallows 2 was no different. It was enjoyable enough, I suppose. But could have been so much better with just an additional 10 minutes of movie. A few additional scenes and extending a few of them just a little more could have added greater depth and emotion.Spoiler alert: Just some scenes that could have been added or extended: Snapes memories- a few more scenes to greater establish his closeness with Lilly and his role in fighting Voldemort. It would have helped to explain why Harry named one of his kids after a man he had hated for 7 years. And a few more lines to show his reluctance to have to be the one to kill Dumbledore. This would have shown Snapes greater respect and love for him.Slightly extend the scene leading up to Mrs. Weasley fighting Belatrix. A few more seconds to establish Jinny's peril in the fight before Mrs. Weasly stepping in and uttering her great line. IT happened so fast, you could miss that Jinny was even fighting Belatrix if you blink at the wrong time.SHould have shown the death of Fred and Percy's reuniting with the family. This wouldn't have taken very long and Fred deserved to have his death scene, rather than just being an afterthought body on a stretcher.SHould have shown a few more individual fight sequences, especially with Hagrid. I was beginning to wonder if Hagrid was even going to appear. And there was no emotion from him when he thought Harry was dead.Extend the scene of Mrs. Malfoy and Harry to better explain why she lied to Voldemort about Harry being dead.Should have shown more entities involved in the fight, like parents, Hogsmead residence, the elves as lead by Kreacher - rather than showing mainly an army of kids fighting the Death Eaters.MOre of the school's teachers in the fight.The final confrontation between Harry and Voldemort could have been done better and stayed truer to the book.OVer all, Yates' Harry Potter movies have been rather emotionless and anti-climatic. DH2, sadly, was no different.
good When he is touching by a demon while defending his village, Ashitaka is sent out to the West, from where the crazed demon originated, seeking a cure for the demon infection that will otherwise kill him.  However, in seeking the domain of the gods he walks into the middle of a three-way battle between the samurai, who want Iron Town's iron deposits; Lady Eboshi who rules Iron Town and is stripping the forest of it's trees to mine it out; and finally the animals and spirits of the forest who must defend their homes, fighting for them is the human Mononoke, a young woman raised by the wolves.It is hard to top Spirited Away, and it is maybe unfair of me to come to this film after I had seen that.  This film cannot match the sheer wonder that I felt when I saw that film but this is still an accomplished film who's story is it's strength and weakness.  The story is a pretty good tale that paints a reasonably good picture of this far off land, although some elements of the plot are a little thinner than I would have liked (namely the samurai).  However it still manages to be engaging despite this - although of course it was never going to be as personal a story as Spirited Away.  The obvious message of peace between man/industry and nature is more than just the usual one; where Lord Of The Rings was very much nature good, iron bad; this film is a lot more balanced and doesn't look at either badly.While this runs in the background everything is fine but, when the film has to tie everything up it doesn't quite manage it.  The ending is strangely very fast in happening and it ends on a morally good solution but one that I found to be emotionally quite unsatisfying.  I must admit that the final 5 minutes left me feeling a little abandoned by the characters.  However other than this the story is pretty exciting and the two hours go by pretty quickly.The characters are interesting but I never managed to really get behind anyone other than Ashitaka.  Eboshi was too unpleasant to relate to while Mononoke herself was too distant despite the occasional times where I felt for her.  Part of this may be down to the voice cast in the US version. In Spirited Away the US cast fitted the film really well, here it is less the cast.  Crudup is, ironically, one of the best voices in the cast.  I say ironically because I couldn't place him in comparison to the more famous cast.  Driver is OK but her character wasn't.  Danes is pretty good and I felt that her character improved due to her good voice work.  Anderson was miscast and her voice simply didn't fit her character at all (even with the echo added).  Thornton was good for the more comedic role but slightly took away from the dramatic impact of the samurai.  Pinkett-Smith brings her attitude to the role well and both she and Keith David are funny.Visually it is as impressive as you would expect from Miyazaki.  It all looks great, the whole land is filled with detail and it flows so freely. The spirits and gods are imaginative and very well drawn and the people show up just how basic stuff like Pokemon really is!  It is a little too gory to be for kids (even though it is rated pg in the UK) but the vast majority of it is as detailed as you wished more kids' animation was.Overall I really enjoyed this film but occasionally found it difficult to get past some of it's weaknesses.  The characters are not all as strong as I would have liked and some of their voices aren't that good.  The ending is a bit of a letdown as I was hoping for a more emotionally satisfying conclusion to the story.  Despite this, it is still a wonderful film and easily one of the best animations I have seen.
good  ****May Contain Spoilers**** This was completely awful. If I were Kami Garcia I would be embarrassed. There were actually only 2 things in this movie that followed the books and I can't even remember what the second one is that is how disturbed I am. Within the first 2 minutes they had already screwed it up. The dreams that Ethan has pertaining to Lena. Where is the rest of the cast?? I can understand them not having a big budget (I don't know whether they did or didn't I am just assuming they didn't because of lack of characters) but really? They can't get even the lollipop that Ridley uses correct? Lena and Ethan don't Celt at all in the movie. Ethan never dies. Why the heck did Genevieve kill her Ethan? And not even have the Book of Moons. Where is the Sharpie? Why wasn't Lena driving a hearse? This really just makes my head hurt. I am so disturbed by how much they butchered what could have been an amazing movie. I really don't expect them to be able to even make a sequel now that Ethan didn't even die. I won't be watching it either if they do. This is an atrocity.
good  It has been 9 weeks now since Intoucblaes has come to the movie theaters. I did not give it much thought at first, but the universal acclaim I have heard convinced me to go see it. I don't over-stating the universality of the acclaim, people of various races, classes, colors & countries told me it was a must see. I had no expectations, and I was floored. Intouchables, directed by Eric Toledano and Olivier Nakache, starring Francois Cluzet and Omar Sy is possibly the best French movie of the year. This is not because of a lack of worthy contenders, but truly because Intouchables is that profound. It touches on themes of presumptions, social class difference, health, and as naïve as it may sound, the universality of humanity. The story is not as important as is the relationship that is displayed between the two protagonists. Philippe (played by Cluzet) a rich aristocrat that loves adrenaline rushes finds himself a paraplegic after a paragliding incident. Driss (played by Sy) is, in appearance a typical hoodlum from the ghetto. The two are brought together and wonders happen. The audience then sees how the men affect one another as they engage in a truly honest relationship. Driss is charismatic, lighthearted and funny, helping make Philippe's life enjoyable again. In the process the traditionally cold French aristocracy around Philippe warms up and lightens. He is like a hot knife through cold butter. Again, it is not so much the story that is important as is the social commentary. The commentary is not judgmental and is very subtle, revealed only in the contrasts the director chose in the story and its contexts. His method reminded me of a sort of Zen approach to comedy. One example you can catch from the trailer alone is the contrast between the able bodied black Driss and t the crippled white man, etc. The audience is also given wonderful sights of Paris and France as we go through the Pyrenees, Cabourg and the various streets of Paris. On paper the review does not make the movie justice. It is hilarious in a way that is true, honest and by which anyone can relate to. Most importantly it is revealing and comforting in its reminder of the essential in life : love. It's approach is simple, pure and honest and that makes it worthy of the title of "best movie of the year". I cannot say more; the film must be experienced. My friends tried, they failed, so I trusted them and I saw it. It floored me. Go and be floored. PS - I heard American studios have purchased the rights for the film. They will need a brilliant director, screenwriters and perfect actors to make the original justice in the way "The Departed" did for "Infernal Affairs".
good In 1925, in Mexico, Fred C. Dobbs (Humphrey Bogart) is an American begging for food and trying to get any job. He meets Bob Curtin (Tim Holt), another American in horrible economical situation and also looking for job, and the former gold prospector Howard (Walter Huston), and together they go to the Mexican mountains seek for gold. After ten months of hard and tense work, including confrontation with bandits, each one of them gets a small fortune in gold. Meanwhile, their personalities are disclosed, and Dobbs shows himself a man obsessed by greed. The end of their journey is ironic and tragic. This movie is a masterpiece. Having an outstanding direction of John Huston, an astounding performance of Humphrey Bogart, Walter Huston and Tim Holt and supported by a fantastic screenplay, it is certainly one of the best movies ever, highly recommended for any audience. Walter Huston and Humphrey Bogart are really stupendous in their roles. My vote is ten.Title (Brazil): `O Tesouro de Sierra Madre' (`The Treasure of the Sierra Madre')
good  One of my favorite movie lines of all time as spoken by Klaus Kinski upon recognizing Lee Van Cleef in the little cantina as the one who used his (Klaus') cheek to strike his match earlier in the movie.  When Kinski ask if he "remember me, amigo," Van Cleef just reply "uh uh."  To which he's asked to try that trick again, which prompts Van Cleef to utter another one of my all time lines - "I generally don't smoke 'til after I've eaten; why don't you come back in five minutes."  Just typing this brings smiles to my face. I've been a Lee Van Cleef fan since High Noon (with Robert Wilke) and Kansas City Confidential (with Jack Elam and Neville Brand!) and this was/is the movie that made him a star.  Granted it didn't last for long, but he did have his 15 minutes.  This is my favorite Spaghetti Western, it was also my first (didn't see "Fistful" until much later - and Good, Bad, Ugly was a major disappointment - I wanted Van Cleef to play the same role).  And the music, especially the pipe organ, just blows my mind.  Highly enjoyable; think I'll go and watch it again.
good From Sideways, to Nebraska, to The Descendants, and even Paris, je t'aime, I've pretty much loved everything that I've seen from director Alexander Payne, making Downsizing one of my most anticipated films of 2017. Having heard so little about the film aside from its concept, I went into the screening fairly cold. Sadly, the film doesn't have a whole lot more to offer than its brilliant concept and exceptional first act. I must admit that I left feeling disappointed, thinking they could've made this a better movie in many ways. When a film has so much promise and doesn't exactly deliver on much of it, I feel as though many people would be let down by that. Here is why I believe everyone should see Downsizing, despite it being slightly too mediocre as a final product.In this dramedy, which also in part a social satire of its own genre, Downsizing follows a couple who believes their lives would be better if they were to shrink themselves and be transferred to a new world called Leisureland. This place exists to conserve the Earth and save the environment, by these shrunken people needed much fewer resources. With multiple meanings to the title, this is a concept that sounds incredible on paper but doesn't exactly translate into that great of a movie. Throughout the first act, I found myself immersed in this world and couldn't wait to be taken on its journey, but I soon found myself losing interest when political and religious elements began to take over. This is a movie that could've done so much more with its premise.Without giving anything away, there are many characters that come in and out of this film in a heartbeat, pretty much leaving them in the dust, when in reality they were actually interesting and added a layer to the overall story. It felt as though Alexander Payne wanted to focus so much on the idea of the Downsizing concept, that he sidelined quite a few characters along the way. His films have always been about characters, and while Paul (Matt Damon) and Ngoc (Hong Chau) share some great chemistry throughout this film, it's hard not to wish that all of the characters throughout the first act were present throughout the entire film. This was a very curious issue I had while watching and definitely upon reflection.As soon as you're brought into this other world that has been built for those who shrunk themselves over the years, you will find yourself kind of transfixed at how interesting the visuals are and how well the comedic aspects come into play, but what you don't expect is for the film to take a dramatic turn and really have you thinking hard about the world we live in and whether or not certain lines of dialogue are true about society in general. This is an eye-opening film in that regard and the third act is incredibly ambitious, but I just don't think it really sticks the landing that it strives to achieve.In the end, this is one of the most original ideas I can recall in recent memory, but an idea doesn't make a film great. It's the film itself that needs to win you over as a whole, and Downsizing just didn't do that for me. On many accounts, this is a very impressive movie from a technical standpoint and it takes risks that I didn't expect it to, but the risks it takes will only work for a few audiences members that can relate to it.This is a movie that promises a lot and tries to deliver on all of those promises, while also shoving in side plots that make this film too emotionally complex to really be invested in the satirical aspects by the end. I wish this film went through a few more rewrites, because there is a satirical masterpiece of a movie in here somewhere, but it's just not the product that you'll be seeing in theatres soon. Downsizing is worth your time in terms of originality, but I wouldn't get your hopes up on it being a favorite of yours.
good  What I loved about it was it's concept that can be only described as Toy Story meets Foodfight, where various food products and items live in a cartoonish world of gods, destiny, foul language and adultery. This is indeed a possible contender for Golden Globe nominations and if possible Academy Award nominations, especially for Best Animated Film (that's if Pixar can stand aside).So much comedic moments from racial stabs, sexual innuendo, crude humour and one liners that will be a quote in your own life. There's so much on offer that it doesn't go tame or repetitive, especially towards the end that really goes 'over the top' and takes animation to a bold and confronting place where it should (I'll keep my lips sealed on this particular scene but let's just say it's a show stealer). The cast of comedic talents suck as Rogen, Franco, Hill, Wiig, Cera, Robertson, Rudd and others make the characters seem so likable, hilarious and entertaining, and the animation is both stylish and very cartoonish for an adult film.Overall, Sausage Party is a party that you don't want to miss and no brains are required to get this, and no children should see this until they are over 18 at least, so make a date or go with your bro's for a fun time of hilarity. I'll definitely be seeing this again, highly recommended by myself and Jay.The Autistic Reviewers 5/5 stars. Check out our facebook page!
good 'The Usual Suspects' has received a lot of comment for its killer twist ending, which while by no means the first in movie history, has proved to be enormously influential (stand up Messrs. Fincher and Shyamalan...). But this movie is so much more than a surprise ending! It is a meticulously scripted, faultlessly acted masterpiece that stands up to repeated viewings. Every single time I watch it I notice some new detail, or get more enjoyment out of a performance or scene. This movie really put  Kevin Spacey on the map, but everyone in the ensemble cast is outstanding, even Stephen Baldwin(!), who has never appeared in a movie this good before, or since.  I also got a kick out of the Paul Bartel ( 'Death Race 2000', 'Eating Raoul') cameo, and the ultra-cool Peter Greene's ('Laws Of Gravity', 'Pulp Fiction') all too brief appearance. Bartel is sorely missed, and Greene one day (mark my words!) will become the star he deserves to be.Director Bryan Singer has yet to live up to the promise shown here with his subsequent movies, the average 'Apt Pupil' and the disappointing 'X-Men'. For all the acclaim he and the (admittedly superb) cast have received, the real star of 'The Usual Suspects' is Christopher McQuarrie's sensational script, one of the finest of the modern era, and one that genuinely deserved it's Oscar.It really doesn't get any better than this!! One of the greatest movies ever made, any time, any where. A truly unforgettable experience.
good Libby Day (Charlize Theron) is a lifeless woman that survived a massacre of her family in their farmhouse in the countryside of Kansas when she was eight that has been living from donations and lectures ever since. Thirty years ago, the police believed that a satanic cult was the responsible of the murder of her mother and two sisters, and her brother Ben (Corey Stoll) was convicted with her testimony in court. On the present days, her acquaintance Lyle Wirth (Nicholas Hoult) invites Libby to visit "The Kill Club", where amateurs investigate famous crimes, and she finds that they believe Ben is innocent. Libby needs money and accepts to revisit the slaughter of her family and comes up to the painful revelations and the ultimate truth. "Dark Places" is a lifeless and emotionless drama about destroyed lives. The story is very dark and the cast is excellent. However, the screenplay that entwines present and past could have been much better and the direction misses the opportunity to make a powerful drama. Charlize Theron performs a totally unpleasant character, cynical, lazy and greedy. The conclusion does not bring any emotion to the viewer. My vote is six.Title (Brazil): "Lugares Escuros" ("Dark Places")
good  This movie is absolutely funny from start to finish. The Black actresses are cute and multi-talented.Girls Trip is an adult movie with nudity scene and adult language and not suitable for anyone whose age is below 17.Nevertheless,it will make you laugh out loudly and definitely will cheer you up if you are sad.The film's plot follows the story of four lifelong friends on a long- overdue weekend getaway trip to New Orleans for the annual Essence Music Festival. Their sisterhood is rekindled and wild sides are rediscovered, with nights of partying, hook-ups and bad decisions, as well as raw and vulnerable moments that strengthen their bond.Recommended for audience whose age is 17+ NC17.
good  I love it! Some of you are very harsh. The cast is doing a good job. They play their roles good.And they're only 6 episodes give it a try and watch all the episodes maybe you'll like it more then. I see much resemblance with the movie "the mortal instruments:City of bones" and I like it I give that movie 8/10 I think that the TV show is better because of the characters and how much they're involved I didn't noticed the other characters in the movie it was all about the main characters.Im positive for this TV show . And its based on books that really cool it much often that a movie is based on a book and not a TV show so thumbs up for that to!
good  After reading so many negative reviews I was actually considering not going to watch it....I was expecting the worst I even took my android phone in case it was really bad and I could of played a couple of games.This film doesn't follow the Hollywood method it doesn't have a normal ending, characters are not printed on politically correct paper.I found the reactions of the people involved to be realistic, normal people with small minds and grasping to small problems in a situation they have no control over..A humankind shown to be 99.999% normal petty and none heroic.We watch so many films that follow a formula that show man out to be this amazing being who always survives always wins we are so use to being saved and its not really true is it ? We don't have a ace pilot or elitist hacker we don't have a superhero to fix it all, we be in trouble if something more advanced than us comes to play.To me this makes it an awesome film and strangely I found the rest of the people in the cinema of the same mind as soon as the film finished people I didn't know started discussing it as a bit of fresh air.If you like your films like independence day or Armageddon or any film where humankind are groomed and praised where a prayer to the gods or a speech by the president saves the day then you probably won't like this movie.I look forward to seeing skyline 2
good This film was terrible. I could not believe they've picked Ryan Reynolds to play Green Lantern, he belongs in rom-coms. And that is what he almost turned this into, the comedy played far too big a part in this. What little faith I had in Reynolds as playing this role was shattered very quickly, he simply is not made for serious movies. Though this film isn't exactly serious, it isn't exactly a comedy either.Mainly though, the story line was completely flawed. The whole thing just seemed like bits of 'filler' taken from other films and clumped together. Nothing was properly explained, like, why didn't the evil guy have a body? Why was he telekinetic if he didn't have a stupid ring? Why is fear yellow? Whenever they mentioned the yellow power of fear I felt like I was watching kids play with action figures making up a stupid story off the top of their heads. And the fact that all Green Lantern needed to do was say the 'vow' then become super powerful and cunning to kill this thing? Being a superhero movie I was hoping for more Earthly heroics. It was just ridiculous.The whole immortal thing was stupid as well. Seemed again like they just couldn't come up with an idea, so they just thought 'ah whatever, a load of unoriginal aliens sat in really high seats at the top of a really high building who have infinite knowledge but then get proved wrong. That sound okay?'. There was just not enough detail to any aspect of this film. There was genuinely nothing I enjoyed about this film, being a teenager lets me sort of enjoy a film if there's good fighting or action in it, even if I know the film is awful. Like 300. But this, simply offered me nothing. Absolutely awful. Save your money.
good  "Grave of the Fireflies" is one of the most ambitious, depressing, and quite frankly, best films that I've ever seen. I was nearly moved to tears by this film's brave treatment of such critical subject matter. Yes, it's an Anime' piece, but surprisingly, it came out in 1988, during a time where most Japanese animation films were either relentless bloodbaths, borderline pornography, or both.As a fan of the Anime' genre of film-making, many great pieces have achieved some sort of cult status here in America, yet none have really reached mainstream success. Some have broken through the barrier and have gained acceptance with American critics, like Katsuhiro Otomo's "Akira," or "Princess Mononoke," or "Spirited Away" (both films directed by Hayao Miyazaki). One that I've seen and has been barely mentioned by most critics is "Grave of the Fireflies."What we have with "Grave of the Fireflies," is a story of innocence lost and two children who ultimately face a losing battle with trying to survive in a small Japanese village in the closing days of World War II. WWII was the costliest conflict in world history, with millions dead and thousands left to pick up the pieces.In the center of it, are the aforementioned two children, who are pretty much left to fend for themselves after their mother is killed in a bombing raid. Because their father is off fighting in the war and they have no way of contacting any other family, they're sent to live with their aunt, who is at first warm and welcoming to them, but eventually becomes very cruel and the children are forced to live in a nearby bomb shelter. From that point on, the two children embark on a journey that is every bit as unpleasant and difficult as the grim realities of the world around them.Very easily one of the best Anime' films that I've ever seen (or any animated film for that matter), I find it difficult to believe just how truly overlooked "Grave of the Fireflies" is. The animation is beautiful, though certainly not dated by any means (even though Japanese animation has progressed well since this film was made).We get a sense of the dread of the two lead characters, who watch as the world around them crumbles into heaps of ashes, and aircraft loom ominously overhead, dropping their deadly, incendiary cargo on unsuspecting Japanese villagers.The director, Isao Takahata, obviously has a special resentment of the war, but manages to avoid condemning it outright. The director instead lets us focus in on the conflict as seen through the eyes of the two children, who watch unflinchingly as the realities of their world begin to falter before them."Grave of the Fireflies" is a bold statement on the condition of the human soul during conflict. I probably shouldn't say this but I am anyways, but this film has to be the "Schindler's List" of animated pieces. It's brave, it's not overly sentimental, but it is relentless in its dramatization of a dangerous reality. It should be required viewing in any high school world history class.A beautiful film; not to be missed by anyone.
good  Gone with the Wind is appropriate for those 12 and up. If I could have given the movie a 20 out of 10, I would. 1939 was a golden year for movies with both Gone With the Wind and The Wizard of Oz. Color scenes in Gone with the Wind were hand painted movie frames. The era of royalty and nobility in America gave way after the Civil War to democracy and freedom. Yet, dreams still exist. The number 1 and number 3 movie phrases of all time are in this movie. I for one have used both. Vivien Leigh and Clark Gable are both so good in this film that if all the other characters messed up, they alone would carry the movie. Leslie Howard depicts the nobility and royalty of the South, who, when the war was lost, he too was lost. Clark Gable portrays the ultimate survivor and realist. Vivien Leigh plays a character who is in love with the dream, yet has to become a survivor at great personal cost and learning too late what is truly important to her. The director leaves out one-half of the book. Yet, he produces a wonderful, classic movie. If it weren't for the intermission, the movie would be too long. Everybody should see this movie at least once. I think I have seen this movie more than a dozen times. I fall in love with this movie with each and every showing. Great romantic movie. It was a great day for movie lovers when Margeret Mitchell was on the train and met a book publisher. Gone With The Wind is a story which will shine brightly through the ages.
good  This movie was amazing!I am a fan of the Turtles - maybe not a die-hard fan like some people, but I do love them dearly - and this movie made me laugh and kept me at the edge of my seat! Initially, I heard the rumors about them being aliens, and since nothing I had read since discarded that idea, I had been wary of watching this movie. Another thing that made me wary was the first image of their faces. It definitely caught me off guard and almost scared me a little. Though, I think that was because I wasn't prepared for it. But now that I have seen the movie, I understand completely and it makes a lot of sense.Everyone fit so perfectly, and I loved the casting and storyline. I can't wait for a sequel!
good  This film was a revelation, a western that DOESN'T LIE. The whole theme stripping away the mythology our culture has built around the west, scraping it away like the finish on a mirror and reveling the ugliness AND the humanity beneath. I was utterly convinced, both by the portrayal of the period and the reality of the characters. A large focus was its treatment of the subject of killing. The movie SHOWS US what it is like to kill a man, a stark stark contrast to the casual attitude taken by so many other westerns. We see what we already know, wild west or no, that killing is something that most people just aren't capable of. And yet the character of William Munny shows us that in spite of the mundanity he embodies in his later life, true evil still existed then as now, and every now and then, true heroism.
good `Days from retirement' Detective Somerset is teamed with new-to-the-city Detective Mills to investigate a murder that quickly becomes a series. Somerset realises that the killer must be smart and is using classic literature to model his killings on the seven deadly sins, however Mills finds to hard to see him as anything other than a crazy man.  With the killer close to completing his work, Mills and Somerset begin to close in on him.  However nothing is as it seems in a dark depressing city full of moral degradation and apathy.When David Fincher came onto the scene with his debut feature Alien3 the world only paused to scorn a film that didn't fit in with the Alien franchise.  Yes it wasn't a great film  but I loved the sense of mood, the dark the tension in the shadows that Fincher created.  Years later we have Se7en, Fight Club, The Game, and at people are getting Fincher!Se7en was his major break through  where his dark visions also reaped box-office gold.  The story doesn't sound like much  mismatched partners (one young, cocky and reckless  the other a few days from retirement) go after a serial killer who is carrying out a series of twisted murders..it sounds like Lethal Weapon meets a straight to video thriller.  But happily it rises above that by so much it's unbelievable.it certainly shows how a story put in good hands can work out.  From the start we are entombed in mood  the city where it always rains, the uncaring people etc.  The we begin to find murders  but Fincher doesn't show us the murders, he lets us see the aftermath in the shadows and lets us imagine the rest  Genius!What you don't see is more gory than what you do.  Meanwhile the tension is cranked up to fever pitch as the race to catch the killer is accelerated. When we meet the killer, the film just gets betterright up to an ending that is simply one of the most logical, emotional and gripping endings I've ever seen.  I promise you'll leave the cinema shell shocked.Freeman is excellent as Somerset  so good that it's a role he's tried to do again in `Kiss the girls' etc.  But here he is the perfect foil for both Mills and the killer.  Brad Pitt is also superb....he isn't allowed to trade on his looks here and does very well in a film that has little opportunity for him to pander to his female fans  he spends a lot of it looking beaten up.  Paltrow is OK with what she has  but this isn't really a film that focuses on female roles.  R. Lee Ermey is as good as ever and it's a sign of how good the cast is that actors of the stature of Charles Dutton and John C McGinley are basically in roles that barely count as cameos.However the best performance is from Kevin Spacey in the years before he became an Oscar lovie and stopped doing bad guys or dark characters.  He is only on screen for a small portion of the film but his dialogue is superb and he delivers it faultlessly.  In the scene where he shares a car ride with Mills and Somerset you literally hang on his every word.  However alongside Spacey Fincher stands triumphant with his dark vision given the perfect story and perfect actors.At heart this is a cop thriller  but excellent performances, excellent mood and a moral lesson from an excellent Spacey make this quite simply the most jaw-droppingly excellent thriller of the 1990's.
good This film came up on Netflix and I started watching not knowing it was only released today. It deals with the current issues between the genders in a comic but interesting way. Set in Paris (always a good start for a movie) Damien is a single man used to the entilements of a patriarchal society. After being rejected by Alexi a bang to his head takes him into a parallel world where women are the entitlemented gender. Damien finds it differicult to adjust to his new environment. In this world Alexi is a powerful author who sees potential in Damien's story.I enjoyed this movie and it's premise. The characters of the leads are strong in both worlds, but being a strong woman in a man's world is different to being a strong woman in a woman's world.
good If you're a fan of football, you'll love this, even if you're not you still will. Not that you need to know about Aardman's previous work, their track record speaks for itself. Early Man is not their finest but it is warm, well-paced and fun from start to finish. The Flintstones introduced fun, anachronistic gags; Aardman has picked up that baton and flown with it.Many users have mentioned its predictability, conveniently forgetting that this is a children's film, not an adults'. Disney's repertoire set the standard for predictability and sometimes deviating from it presented poorly thought out plots and over compensated characters (e.g. Frozen), that's not to say that alternative storytelling methods don't work but bear in mind: if you're expecting the rug to be pulled out from under you plot-wise, then don't because the sight gags and puns are for you and not your child. Almost every scene has something entertaining in it either visually or verbally. My personal favourite being Lord Nooth's newspaper headline 'Woad Rage'. Just one of many gems that would fly miles over the heads of its target audience. (Pay special attention to the market place scene). The pacing worked really well, I found that it was over fairly quickly which is a good sign in a comedy. There wasn't really a moment when it felt everything had ground to a halt. The film is as much a tear-stained love letter to football as it is a near-the-knuckle critique of the game today. The corrupt officials, the show-boating players and even the pun-slinging commentators would be well known and acknowledged by die-hard football fans. I'm not in that group but I could still appreciate it. They were not the focus however. Instead, the focus was very much about each character representing a value to be applauded: Believe in yourself and your team (Dug); don't give up on your dreams (Goona); learn when to let go and do what's right (chief) and corruption will always be found out and punished (Lord Nooth). These values, to name a few, especially set against the backdrop of football are very relevant to today's children, whether future football stars or not, and will be absorbed and endure.For a non-British audience, some of Aardman's charm is lost because there is a lot of British wit and humour in it. Once again, we cannot resist the age old dig at the French and if you think the commentators' puns were bad, just watch Match of the Day once to know why they are so bad! If I wasn't laughing out loud I was certainly grinning at the very Britishness of it. Certainly, I don't think this film brings anything magical or spectacular to the table, but it is warm and wonderful and deserves some credit for its well thought out premise, beautiful animation and family-friendly joy. You might even think about taking up the game yourself.
good  What an excellent movie this picture was. When I first saw the trailers in October, I thought it might be pretty good.The Green Mile exceeded my expectations. Tom Hanks leads a wonderful cast in this movie which stands out by far from most others. If you liked Shawshank Redemption, you'll love this one.  I've realized just how good Stephen King can write, now that I've seen this and Shawshank.  It's three hours long, and worth every minute of it.  It touched me in many ways.  I was fortunate enough to see it twice. And I will buy it on dvd as soon as it is available. The Green Mile will certainly become a classic. Go see it, you won't be disappointed.
good  I was greatly disappointed by the film. While Daniel D. Lewis's acting is rather impressive, the rest of the movie is disappointing and it's not clear what the movie is about.The screenplay is not cohesive - many scenes and facts are unexplained and don't make sense; Examples: the first ten minutes in which we see D.D.Lewis digging in a mining pit and injuring himself; Why does his son lose his speech despite the fact he only heart his hearing? Why does the son set the house on fire when Henry, the impostor brother appears? Why does Eli strike his father and how does this relate to the rest of the film? The music was simply awful and was often irritating: squealing and screeching going on and on, repetitive noises, etc. In some scenes I felt as if the music was completely inadequate and taken from a cheap horror film.I feel that the director focused on shooting beautiful shots and directing long, single shot scenes, but neglected the story underlying the movie and tying all pieces together. The film appears to be a combination of good parts that simply don't fit well together.
good In 1992, Clint Eastwood created the last and greatest western; 'Unforgiven'. A tribute to the previous masters, Sergio Leone and Don Siegel, who died within a mere 3 years before this brutal masterpiece.Eastwood stars as William Munny a retired gunslinger with a guilt-filled past. He lives alone with his two children and grave of his young wife outside. One day a young cowboy, The Schofield Kid (Jaimz Woolvett), comes in need of his service to hunt down some men who cut up a whore. William reluctantly accepts and with the help of Ned Logan (Morgan Freeman) they work together to track down the criminals. Meanwhile, the sheriff of the town, Little Bill Daggett (Gene Hackman) is also looking for them. This then leads to a bloody showdown climax, welcoming back a sort of 'Man With No Name' character to the genre.William Munny is a cold-blooded killer. The Schofield Kid wants to be one. But, all the murders and sins Munny used to commit has affected him in an extraordinary way. He takes no hesitation in killing. In the climax he just walks past a man he shot who didn't die and shoots him dead. It may sound like nothing now, but he just took a life for no apparent reason. When the Kid kills his first man, of which deserved it, he hesitates. This is The Kid who is so eager to kill people as he thinks it will make him a man. But after the assassination, he breaks down. He realized what he had done. He had wiped another man of the earth. And Munny does it with ease. So does Little Bill. He is a violent and brutal cop who uses torture to get what he wants from the prisoners. Logan also finds it hard to take lives.The film studies on how much a life is worth. Sometimes it is worthless (see Tarantino or Scorsese films) and sometimes it is a major feature. Usually a film only does one. Unforgiven does both. A life isn't worth the same amount to each person. When a life is taken, it is the killer who decides how much it is worth by how much it affects him. Whether he just lets it slide (Munny and Little Bill) or kills someone and calls it a day (Kid and Logan), because they can't bring themselves to forgetting it. This is the most thought-provoking thing for me personally, ever.Unforgiven in my opinion is the greatest western. Actually, its the greatest film of all-time. It shows how violent it was back then, and the fact everybody was beaten. It is more realistic than any of Leone's 'Man With No Name' films (though I will admit they were set in a sort of fantasy land). But, Munny is not proud of his violent nature. He blames it on alcohol; which his wife persuaded him to quit to explain why he also gave up being a murderer. The film shows the cowboys as they really are, either cowards or killers. The choice of word 'coward' is to say that they should be killers, as that is apparently what a man is (an exaggeration) as most westerns glorify violence, but the men can't handle it.Clint Eastwood did an amazing job as William Munny. He showed how he regretted his past very well by admitting to it in a shameful way; like when asked if he killed women and children he replied "I've killed just about anything that walked or crawled at one time or another, and I'm here to kill you". He even admits that he will meet Little Bill in Hell. Gene Hackman delivers one of the greatest performances of the decade, the tension he makes is incredible. Woolvett and Freeman remain in solid above average performances throughout.The script, written by David Webb Peoples, buzzed around Hollywood for nearly 20 years, even being rejected by some of the cast, before Eastwood picked it up. Clint Eastwood deserved his Oscar for best direction. The plot flowed fluently with some surprises and memorable lines. An instant classic. The cinematography is much different that of 'The Good, The Bad and The Ugly' or the others westerns Eastwood appeared in. It is a much cleaner and crisp view, yet also being extremely raw. The score, though not used often is very refreshing and moving.'Unforgiven' is an unforgettable look on life, man and the real west. One of the most powerful films of the '90s. A true triumph exploring important morals. Do not miss it.9/10
good  Finally, I watched "Rear Window" by famous Alfred Hitchcock. First off, I saw this movie on the top 250, and it's #14 on top of that! I mean, it's gotta be great or a classic, right? Also, I'm a fan of the Simpsons, and I got the 6th season where Bart breaks his leg and has to watch the kids outside and accuses Flanders of murdering his wife, Maude. I watched it with commentary and the writers said this was taken from the movie "Rear Window", I had to see this movie! I know it sounds silly that I was more inspired by a show, but it's a good reference if it's from The Simpsons."Rear Window" is an excellent movie and a great classic that should never be forgotten! After 51 years, this is still a well talked about movie and I can see why. Jimmy Stewart, he's just so great as L.B., I loved his madness and his dark comical role. He doesn't even try, but you can't help but laugh at a lot of his lines, the way he looks, and the way he presents every scene. He didn't have a lot of movement, he is confined to a wheel chair, but he is so effective and perfect. No one could have replaced him as L.B., he's a terrific actor! Grace Kelly, what a beauty! Beauty and talent, what a great combination and she had it. Playing Liza, I loved her character so much. She started out as this extremely feminine lovely woman who is struggling with L.B., because he is having doubts about marrying her, and you can tell she loves him so much and is willing to do anything for him and to make their lives work, despite his adventurous side as a photographer and her being an indoor kitten. When L.B. talks of the murder to Liza, she is doubtful but never dismisses that it could be a possibility, and stays with him into the end. She finally goes into danger and grabs it by the you know what and wins L.B.'s heart.I loved the ending, to me it was just one more good laugh with L.B. and Liza. I won't tell, you'll just have to trust me, it was a brilliant way to breath and smile again after all the suspense and drama. "Rear Window" is a true classic and I'm extremely grateful to the reviewers of IMDb who saw this movie and gave it great reviews, and the writers of The Simpsons! If it were not for you guys, I nor other members of my generation would probably not view it! Let's keep this classic alive! 10/10
good What Kurosawa did in a short space of years is nothing short of revolutionary. American cinema (post WWII to Vietnam)was largely confined to self-affirming stereotypes -- especially in Westerns dominated by the Ford/Wayne cartoon good guy paradigm.He turned all of that upside down (aided and abetted by Leone). His samurai existed more as a tragic Greek figure -- afflicted by a fatal flaw -- rather than the guy who simply wears the 'white hat'. This is combined with Mifune's remarkable skill at creating the character and making the character (not the actor) live in the cinematic space.The key to this movie is the unprecedented visual composition. Images assemble into the frame, stacked two and three layers deep with no vanishing point. All of the elements are in the same focus, resembling a Japanese watercolor painting. Then Kurosawa cuts to a right angle shot (to the imaginary 'left' of the framing shot), twisting our perception around of just how deep the placement is. He also composes scenes that openly reference that this is 'being watched' - note the characters peering through windows at a second layer (usually mimed action) in the background, again all in the same focus. The effects here are striking, to say the least.Try to imagine Clint's man with no name characters, or 'Star Wars'(hacked off arm, a la Obi-Wan), or the 'Kill Bill' volumes (the one against many swordfights and beating inflicted on the bride) -- these are some off the top of the head examples, and there are countless more -- without the influence of this movie. It's impossible. By the mid-60's, Clint's amoral, stoic gunfighter had displaced his forerunners, changing the equation forever.Essential viewing.
good I started watching the movie just as a time fill but quickly became invested. what kept me enjoying the movie was the characters are people you can relate yourself to in one way or another. It's not the funniest comedy you'll see but it does have it's moments.It's a film both men and woman will enjoy and i enjoyed the ride of the movie.
good I'd like to say I just watched a masterpiece, hell even a great movie, but unfortunaly there's just too many mistakes for me to say that, the movie is barely good, the idea is amazing, but the execution is sloppy, it's like that one great idea we all have but can't quite execute, we have it all in our heads.now I'll go in SPOILERS.too many strange mistakes like: how did he get free from the dentist chair when he had 2 men holding him, restrained and with a goddamn drill to his teeth? if you ever did dental work without anesthesia you know how it is: it's HELL. how could he formulate any kind of cohesive thought in that situation? let alone escape?the movie's also not very logical, OK, people don't really feel like living so that's why they stay there? or was it all mind control? if they do employ mind control then how? characters also act plain creepy, you know what I mean.I was expecting some kind of big reveal or twist and we do get it, the problem is that it's obvious to the point where I asked "that's it?" also the last scene is kinda nonsense, he smiles creeply like he's an evil genius or something, I could articulate this review more but that's how much I care now that its over, the movie could EASILY have been 1 hour and 30 mins, instead sometimes it feels like a drag.would I recommend this movie? it's a mixed bag and it's not for everyone, but if you have nothing better to do then go ahead.
good Paul Rudd was fantastic and even the amazing world building and the stunning visuals fall short in front of his performance. The plot was ok and the narrative was engaging but I think I kind of get why many won't like this. I think this would appeal to those who would like a mix of Refn and cyberpunk but both toned down.
good I may only be young but not many films can effect me like 'Trainspotting'.It is able to pull you into the lives of the characters and makes you empathetic to their feelings while still in-keeping with Boyles contemporary look and style of film making.Its give you a different look about being Scottish which many of my friends have pointed out.Ewan Mc Gregor shows his best acting skills he shows that he has an amazing way of keeping you watching.He has proved himself a skilled actor and has contributed greatly to the British film industry.We are thankful.Its a film i can watch over and over again and still smile at the end.NOt one to miss.A must see!!
good If your looking for a good action flick with a decent plot this is the movie for you. With a 90min runtime I was expecting this movie to feel "rushed", it felt far from that. The action was great, it did not disappoint with all the cool vampire abilities you see in the trailer, especially transforming into a group of bats. Being a Dracula movie there are things you have to expect, yes he receives his power by drinking blood, having all the vulnerabilities as every vampire (which they do very good in this movie) but the way this movie makes you root for Vlad(Dracula) you actually find yourself engulfed in the movie wanting him to overcome the darkness and win. However if you are a history buff and it irks you when movies take real life people and change their history for a movie, you will not enjoy this because it is loosely based off Vlad the Impaler. My Review 8/10 Excellent
good I have too much time on my hands as I am currently watching the second season of this tripe, but I can't seem to stop watching. It's like looking into an alien world where creatures roam a high school, who look human, but act like they have just stepped off the mother ship.They all fall in love in 2 seconds and then decide to get married after 2 weeks before having sex. Oh, the "sex". This word is used hundreds of times each episode. There are periods in the conversations where it is used in every sentence for 5 minutes running.I'm not going to be affected by any of these idiotic characters but I seriously hope this doesn't make teenagers feel guilty for wanting to pursue a sexual relationship with their partners. The attitudes are so unhealthy and almost Victorian bar the fact everyone constantly talks about "SEX!" like its the word of the day.As an example of the programs mono tonal viewpoint one of the main characters, who is a Christian, changes her mind from " NO SEX BEFORE MARRIAGE EVERRRRR" to " Well, I love my long term boyfriend and he loves me and god wouldn't mind if we shared that love physically as it's natural". So what happens? The second she has finished having sex she learns that her father has died. The plane he was on just fell out of the sky! The program is one long abstinence lecture with a script filled with characters who are barley recognisable as human beings let alone teenagers, who are just starting to discover the opposite sex and beginning to feel comfortable with their own bodies.And why is abortion never mentioned? I know that this show would rather show a montage of Amy self flagellating and weeping with guilt over her dirty, filthy sexual desire than show an abortion, but its never even mentioned, not once, even by her parents or her friends on learning she is pregnant.In conclusion if you fancy a laugh and have an hour to kill why not but be warned that this is rubbish of the first degree and you will want to reach into the TV and slap all of the characters silly and tell them to grow a pair. Especially Ben and Amy as he is a sap and she is selfish bitch. Oh, and take every characters views with mountains of salt.
good Amaaazinnnng ,definitely my new fav tvshow. I highly recommend it to everyone that loves dramatic series . I hope that Life Sentence will become a hit for CW;
good "The Bourne Ultimatum" begins recklessly mid-chase and in pulse-pounding fashion explodes from there as Jason Bourne (Matt Damon, absolutely superb) tracks down the masterminds behind the CIA black-ops that turned him into the perfect killer in a final attempt to learn his true identity. A devastatingly icy David Strathairn as the "man behind the curtain" is added to the returning cast of regulars including Joan Allen (excellent) and Julia Stiles (non-existent).Like the second entry in the series, I wished Paul Greengrass' shaky hand-held camera would go static at least for the few minutes of downtime. However, that being said, it's a perfect way to capture the tense, claustrophobic feel of the intimate hand-to-hand-combat scenes and works equally well in the chase scenes which are mostly on foot and across rooftops with the occasional big car pile-up. Part of the fun of the Bourne series is the constant globe-hopping and manipulation of technology and communications that seem to defy the laws of physics and current capabilities. The Bourne films seem to exist in some sort of gritty hyper-reality that is full of technological-based magic. It makes no sense that everyone seems to be just in the right place at the right time, but I'll be damned if it isn't a blast to watch them get there.With the absence of the emotive and involving Franka Potente, the writers attempt to create some emotional connection between Damon and Stiles, but she is so blank-faced an actress it never really leads to anything. Still, this can be forgiven, for unlike the "Identity" and the "Supremacy", this "Ultimatum" reveals all and we finally learn the truth about Bourne's past. It's an entertaining and satisfying conclusion to the series, and if they have any good sense, and Damon gets his wish, this will be the perfect end to it.
good  This show is by far the worst example of american political correctness I've ever seen. The message is simple: Be a good citizen by having many children, going to church every sunday (and everytime you have a problem) and discuss everything at length with all your family members. The children are the most unrealistic ever seen on any TV show: They hardly ever argue, the older siblings never terrorize or beat the younger ones (I've got a sister, I know this happens!), and they talk about every problem they have with their parents. But most disgusting is the smallest girl, who at the end of every episode tells us the morale with the wisdom and insight of a teacher of philosophy. C'mon, she's only 6 years old!!!! I recommend this show to everyone who still believes in a perfect world, but don't expect any realism from it.1/10
good  This is one of the classic Guy films. Horror sci fi as it was meant to be - a real story with good acting. Giving us something missing from almost all horror movies - depth and character. Providing a much needed respite from the cardboard cut outs pasted and slashed throughout, that have been filling the genre for decades. Which has given this style of movie-making it's well deserved reputation and status - of being both Invalid and Not Art. Though John Carpenter himself has been one of the staunchest purveyors of such ilk, it is my humble opinion that he did well with this one, and maybe two others.One of the best uses of curious as a tool, it lures you in a bit unexpectedly with a somewhat whimsical, almost playful beginning. Rich in atmosphere, while stark in landscape - you find yourself as intrigued by the people as you are the monster. The remoteness of the region gives a true sense of the isolation of the real life McMurdo Sound Naval Station (as it was called when I was in the Navy) which is on the very southern tip of Ross Island in the Antarctic, and is the portal for all things going to the South Pole. I think now it's simply known as McMurdo Station, with the story taking place at a small satellite station outside (probably fictional), as McMurdo is mentioned in the film.Kurt Russell who started acting as a kid when I was a kid has never taken Hollywood too seriously, which I've always thought was pretty cool. He's done his share of trash films over the years, but there's been a handful of roles that have more than demonstrated his caliber as one of our great actors. His version of Wyatt Earp is by far the most recognized and almost as good as George C. Scott's Patton. I said almost. He's the center of a strong cast of seasoned actors with many recognizable faces and solid performances. I watched it last night with a good friend who had never seen it, and it was just as good as when I first saw it in the theater - almost 30 yeeeaaars ago. Add it to your library, you'll watch it many times . .
good  This film deserved so much more than what it got, both critically and commercially, when it debuted back in May, where unfortunately it ended up becoming one of the year's biggest box-office bombs. From the mind of one of today's greatest directors, Brad Bird, the same great filmmaker that gave us some of the best animated films of all-time like 'The Iron Giant' and 'The Incredibles' and the best 'Mission Impossible' film to date in 'Ghost Protocol', 'Tomorrowland' is an inspiring original story that above all promotes the two things that have been lacking in today's cynical society; hope and the promise of a bright future.Some have accused this film of being preachy for promoting these exact morals. But if you ask me, that just makes this film even stronger as a result in how it boldly goes against the cynical mindset that you see a lot of nowadays in favor of an optimistic vision of a better tomorrow.Bird and co-writer Damon Lindelof make the right decision to not over-rely too much on the world of Tomorrowland. This film may be centered around a fantastic utopia where anything is possible but it's more about the journey to Tomorrowland than the place itself and the build-up leading into the film's finale is second to none. Ultimately though it was the finale of the film that made it such a polarizing flick amongst critics. But contrary to popular opinion, I thought it was suitable for what the story demanded. In a year where characters like Furiosa are being regarded as some of the greatest film characters of their time, this film features two of the best female leads of the year, played perfectly by Britt Robertson and Raffey Cassidy, respectively. As lead Casey, Robertson perfectly conveys the character's optimistic outlook without coming off as annoying while Cassidy shines in the role of the totally bad-ass robot Athena. George Clooney is also excellent in the role of an inventor named Frank who, compared to Casey, is much more pessimistic about the future but gradually regains his faith over the course of the film. Don't let this film become one of those forgotten box-office bombs just because it dared to critique the cynicism of today's society. With brilliant performances and visuals and messages that resonate more than ever nowadays, 'Tomorrowland' is easily the most underrated film of 2015 and another masterpiece from director Brad Bird.
good  This film came along at just the right time for me.Upon it's initial release in 1977,I was 12 years old,which is the perfect age to see something this eye opening and different.I remember sitting and watching with just as much awe and amazement as perhaps 12 year olds from past generations seeing their first cowboy movie.I remember the thrills as though I saw it fresh yesterday.Upon seeing it again recently for the first time in many years,now well into my adulthood,I find,unfortunately,that the thrill that came with my first viewing did not come with me across the years.Despite this fact,I still saw a great film,one worthy of any home library.It's suspenseful,thrilling,and contains a great story line and interesting characters that we care about.It was great looking back on Harrison Ford when his hair wasn't quite so gray,Mark Hamill,whom we all thought would go on to be a great film star,though he has done little beyond this trilogy,Carrie Fisher, and,at least in voice,James Earl Jones(Darth Vader).Though the initial childhood thrill is gone,this is still a great film.
good Groundhog Day was played for laughs thereby selling the potential of this concept short. And though this more youthful and feminine take doesn't quite wring everything out of it, it goes much farther than the original, and that's really good to see.Most critics point out the promise of the lead, Zoey Deutch, who is good, but for me the real star is the story and its execution. There are group scenes in this film that are incredibly natural, as if these actors were actually friends. The gabby girlfriend thing is a bit much for guys, but it moves on pretty quickly. And there's also the performance of the main baddie, Halston Sage, who manages to conjure up every snooty clique queen you've ever known.All in all, an entertaining time at the movies showing a lot of promise for its young director, Ry Russo-Young.
good "Miss Congeniality" is a fun little comedy with Bullock at the center playing an FBI agent who has to go undercover as a beauty pageant contestant. Bullock is finally in her element in this flick which sports a lively screeplay, a clever script with lots of "call backs", and a good supporting cast. A must see for Bullock fans and a fun watch for most others.
good A murder mystery based on the novel by Gillian Flynn and directed/co-written by Gilles Paquet-Brenner. With a top billed cast featuring Charlize Theron and Christina Hendricks leading the way with some great performances in this spooky thriller. Libby Day (Charlize Theron) gets confronted about her own tragic family murder 25 years later by entrepreneur Lyle Wirth (Nicholas Hoult) from the KT (Killer Team). Did her devil worshiper brother Ben she accused kill her mum and sisters? This nail-biting thriller is right up there with Gone Girl Gone and gets the audience attached to the screen all the way through while trying to figure out the truth.
good I wouldn't really recommend The Neon Demon unconditionally to my friends; not because it's a bad film (quite the opposite) but because it's the kind of movie that would inevitably lead some of them to think "he told me to watch it and said it was great. What kind of freak could possibly like that kind of stuff?"To call it "not for all tastes" is the understatement of the year, since the majority of audiences probably won't really appreciate its very droll mix of violence, cannibalism, dark comedy, necrophilia and fetishism. In fact, I will be very surprised if there isn't any condemnation or manifestation of outrage from groups or individuals arguing that it's yet another shallow male-directed film that objectifies, stereotypes and vilifies women. I'd also be willing to bet that Nicolas Winding Refn, who, like his fellow countryman Lars Von Trier, has a reputation for being a provocateur par excellence, had exactly this type of reaction in mind when he made it. There is a semi-gratuitous maybe-it's-a-dream sequence where a female character is forced to fellate a knife blade that seems designed precisely to elicit that sort of response.Deliberate excesses aside, The Neon Demon is possibly Nicolas Winding Refn's most straightforward narrative in a while (certainly more linear than Only God Forgives or Bronson). The film follows Jesse (Elle Fanning), a 16-year-old ingenue who moves to L.A. (or, to be exact, to a seedy motel in Pasadena, run by a sleazy and sinister manager played by a cast-against-type Keanu Reeves) hoping to become a model. Her naïveté and awkwardness notwithstanding, she first catches the eye of a powerful model agency head (Christina Hendrickson), then an influential photographer (Desmond Harrington) and finally a big fashion designer (Alessandro Nivola) who casts her as the centerpiece of his new show, much to the chagrin of established models Sarah (Abby Lee) and Gigi (Bella Heathcote), who don't take kindly to being laid by the wayside to make room for a fresh new face. She is also befriended by Ruby (Jena Malone), a seemingly well- meaning fashion make-up artist who moonlights at the local mortuary by applying her skills to make cadavers more presentable, and by an impossibly nice young man named Dean (Karl Glusman) who would like to be Jesse's boyfriend and protector. This being a horror film, at least on the surface, things starts to get weird for Jesse when her new friend and rivals decide to do something about her rapid ascent to the rank of top model. To say more would stray into spoiler territory, so I'll stop here.Like Quentin Tarantino, Nicolas Winding Refn is a master regurgitator of old genre films. "Drive" was the bastard son of Michael Mann's "Thief" and Walter Hill's "Driver", with a few other ingredients tossed in for good measure (the film also owed a huge debt to Jean-Pierre Melville's "Le Samourai"). "The Neon Demon" is his love song to Dario Argento (in particular "Suspiria", which is visually and thematically referenced multiple times) and to countless Euro-thrillers from the seventies, starting with the fantastic but little-seen (in the USA) Belgian lesbian vampire/Countess Bathory retelling "Daughters of Darkness".Punctuated by a great electronic score by Cliff Martinez (which sounds like the best soundtrack that Goblin never wrote in the last 20 years), The Neon Demon is a visual feast that makes the neon- drenched "Drive" and "Only God Forgives" look almost drab by comparison. This is a gorgeous-looking film, set in beautiful locations, with a cast to match.The women are all impossibly beautiful and incredibly shallow and repellent at the same time: they look and move like poisonous snakes whose skin you would really like to reach out and caress, knowing full well that you are likely to receive a painful bite. Male characters on the other hand are almost uniformly visually unpleasant and slimy or feral-looking (Desmond Harrington's photographer in particular looks gaunt and menacing like a wolf circling a wounded animal). Only Dean, the prospective boyfriend, seems like a good, decent human being, but this is a movie that seems hell-bent on confirming the old adage that "nice guys finish last".Elle Fanning is good, especially at the beginning of the film where she is required to look shy and insecure -- in fact there are no weaklings in the whole cast. But the film belongs to Jena Malone, whose character undergoes the most startling transformation as the story progresses. Her performance is truly daring and committed and easily the most memorable in a film filled with weird and eye- catching characters. When you see the film, you'll know what I'm talking about.Although The Neon Demon is ostensibly a horror film, underneath all the scary movie trappings lies a very black (and bleak) comedy about a superficial world where appearances are everything and the only way to survive is to embrace (quite literally) a dog-eat-dog attitude. It's most definitely not a movie for everyone (and the only film in recent memory where a scene involving an act of lesbian necrophilia doesn't feel gratuitous and out of place), but it's the product of a talented director who has completed a metamorphosis, which began with Bronson (2009), from "simple" genre filmmaker into full- blown auteur, with a personal and distinctive visual and narrative style. If you are at all interested in cinema beyond regular multiplex fare, it's definitely worth investing 2 hours of your time.
good This Argentinian movie was released in my country (Chile) on last Thursday, and since i heard very good comments about the movie i decided to go to a Cinema at Parque Arauco in Chile and this is what i wrote about it:The film is split into six unconnected stories, watching each story is around 20-30 minutes long and you feel like you're watching a live action short film. What do they have in common? All of them are a mix between drama and comedy. The script is hilarious, even if the lines are sad, it's so full of black comedy, that there were people rolling on the floor laughing at the Cinema. I'd write much more about this film, but i think i might be spoiling it, so i prefer to tell you that i can't wait to watch it again. So please do NOT miss it.
good Yes, this title is a classic and we can all agree that it has been critically acclaimed by many to be a masterpiece. This movie pops up in so many lists of the greatest movies of all time that watching it at least once in your lifetime becomes a must. So I prepared myself for at the least a good movie. Is it a good movie? Well, yes and no.See, it depends on why you are watching movies in the first place and where you derive pleasure from. For me watching movies is a way of entertainment and enjoyment, I want to have fun, I want to laugh, I want to cry, I want to think, I want to be engaged, I want to guess what is going to happen, I want characters that I can relate to and be attached to. Now all those things don't mean that I want MINDLESS fun,I do prefer intelligent plot with great characters and development but I want the movie to incorporate entertainment value as well. Citizen Kane was a character study, it was like an assignment for my university where I had to critically evaluate the title to get a good grade.Yes, cinematography was amazing and to think it was a movie from 1941 it is just jaw dropping. Yes, the character of Kane was complex and it was a good character study. Yes, the symbolic nature of "Rosebud" and what it represents was brilliantly done, especially when we see that Kane's romantic life with his women was screwed up. But all those things are meaningless to me when I don't enjoy the movie and I am ready to die from boredom. I literally forced myself to not fall asleep, all the time I was thinking "There must be something wrong with me, this is the greatest film of all time. Get your sh*t together, wake up and pay attention. This is awesome, right?". At some points I even thought that I must be stupid for not liking this film, but if people choose to name me stupid I don't care, at least I am honest with my feelings. What matters is that I consider myself to be fairly intelligent and I didn't see the appeal of this movie unless you are watching this for critical purposes.Now why this movie is in the top 250 and is considered a classic? That's probably because of the technical aspects of the movie and in this sense it might be a masterpiece, but I just can't see people enjoying this so much to have it so highly rated because of the entertainment factor.
good  "Amadeus" is a great film that is deep, thought-provoking, and overall exceptional.  The film deals with the last few months of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's (Oscar-nominee Tom Hulce) life, told in flashbacks by an old, washed-up musician named Antonio Salieri (Oscar-winner F. Murray Abraham). Salieri tells of the genius, the ingenuity, and the insanity of the young musician who died mysteriously at the age of 35.  Salieri's jealousy may have led him to kill the young composer, but that is something that will never be known.  "Amadeus" is an interesting commentary that tries to fill holes in history and succeeds amazingly.  By mixing fact and probable fiction, the film-makers succeeded in creating a truly remarkable motion picture that is easily one of the best of the 1980s.  5 stars out of 5.
good District 9 probably rejuvenated the science fiction subgenre of an alien presence / invasion on Earth all over again, with no less than three films lined up close to one another that tackle just that - Skyline being the first, then Monsters followed by World Invasion: Battle LA, where the latter had caused the Brothers Strause's Hydraulx effects company probable woes since there is what's deemed to be conflicting interest in The Social Network sense. That aside, Skyline demonstrates that an independently funded film is still feasible, with the usual merits and expected demerits that come with an effects laden movie, but certainly not one that deserved the kind of backlash that it got.The Brothers Strause Colin and Greg, responsible for AvP Requiem, bring their visual effects wizardry and know-how to making a film that's skewed toward being just that - a special effects extravaganza. How else can you explain the 10 million dollar effects cost against everything else that was budgeted for 0.5 million. Granted that this film was made on the cheap in Hollywood terms, the look and feel was polished, and there can be no qualms about its effects quality, but the story by Joshua Cordes and Liam O'Donnell let it down somewhat.Unlike District 9, Skyline didn't have anything new to add to the genre, deciding to repeatedly give audiences what we have already seen in a number of genre films, putting them altogether into a single film, be it the Matrix-like sentinels, large spaceships bursting out of the cloudy sky, War of the Worlds like tension between nasty aliens and humans silently hoping everything will turn out fine, with shadows of Transformers, the harvesting of humans for some dastardly alien plan, an Independence Day equivalent of an all out air strike against the aliens albeit with updated weaponry and planes, or even a human-alien hybrid of sorts that opens up the film for a franchise to happen. You're begging for one original thought that the filmmakers could come up with, and you'll find it really tough to get one.What it did successfully translate however, is how everything was doomed from the start, and gradually we get to realize it's no way out for all the characters, since every conceivable plan that they, and we, come up with, get closed, and closed good. The protagonists are stuck in a penthouse condominium, and escape outside into what's essentially the alien ships vacuum cleaning the entire city of LA of people doesn't sound like a good idea, with the bigger world out there at large, zero communications and a zilch mass media, means questions are constantly raised, with no clear answers.This fear factor was what I thought the Brothers had successfully translated on screen instead, and frankly will be something quite close to what you or I will do when we panic, and let fear creep in. After all, aliens of all shapes and sizes, flying or on the ground, forcefully ensures every single human being in their sights get sucked into their bodies in the most unsavoury of terms. Think of it as reverse birth, where humans get sucked into what's essentially looks like an alien vagina with plenty of goo, mucus and muck, sometimes with the aid of tentacles shaped like umbilical cords. Bickering is common, with no alpha males stepping up to lead the way because, well, everyone gets picked off one by one.Characters were expectedly cardboard, although the story did take some unnecessary and uninteresting pains to give us a little bit of a background of those whom we follow. Alas, somehow there's a profound lack of interest in the rich and famous, who stay in swanky apartments and drive cars with the prancing horse logo. There isn't the blue collar, hard worker to root for, and seriously, a bunch of rich pansies don't quite cut it for a film like this where it's about survival of the fittest aided by street smarts. Then again, it does go to show rich or poor, we bite the dust in the same manner when faced with common danger threatening our lives, that Death (by way of Aliens or otherwise) evens the playing field. The premise - you're stuck in a building where all else outside, and soon inside turns into Ground Zero, what will you do?And also, I suppose films that trumpet the American military might will get the kind of support it does back home, with films like Independence Day and even Transformers 1 and 2, which made it seem like an advertisement for the US Military. Here the military response seems muted and had taken a backseat (well, the budget could be a prime reason), but for what it can muster with the drones and warplanes, one nuke, and a couple of gung-ho boots on ground heli-dropped to nearby rooftops, it isn't the all out war that many perhaps have wanted to see the US forces driving the unwelcome guests away.With a more original idea and story development to boot, perhaps Skyline could have lived up to its promises and matched the quality of effects put on screen. There's a deliberate void of verbatim answers here, with the filmmakers preferring to keep some cards close to their chest, such as an origin of sorts, or explanation why things occur the way they did, since we're observing from the third person point of view, and the narrative hardly following anyone who has got an idea or a remote clue on what's exactly happening. It's a setup for a follow up film, especially the ending montage, so let's let's hope the area of storytelling gets shored up to develop and add to its mythos.
good The movie starts on the days of military government, which started Sep.12th, 1980, and lasted 3 years (Effects of this action against democracy lasted more than 15 years). A young socialist newspaper writer (Fikret Kuskan) loses his wife on birth of his only son on the very first day of the military action, because he can not find any help for delivery of the child. After 6 years past, the father was desperate to find any jobs on the papers, which are now supporters of the new order, and decides to return his father (Çetin Tekindor)'s home in a small village near Izmir: A house that he has left years ago fighting his father's wills to make him a person that his father would like him to be.I can not even summarize the rest of the movie, since one should see the movie himself/herself to understand the encounters of two strangers, father and son. One should notice the mother (Humeyra)'s role on the relationship (or non-relationship) of these two different men, and the grandson (Ege Tanman).If you have a Mediterrenean blood, Greek, Italian, whatever, you will find many things in this movie. You don't have to be Turk to understand the emotional rivers in this movie. It really touches hearts of the Turkish people.
good  When I watched this movie, I steeled myself for a traumatic experience, based on every review I'd ever read of it, which usually include phrases like "don't watch this if you're suicidal." Instead, if I had to pick a single word to sum up the movie I saw, it would probably be 'beautiful'.Certainly it was sad, and arguably depressing, but I've read this movie compared with 'Saving Private Ryan'. That's ridiculous. 'Grave of the Fireflies' is gentle and poetic more often than it's violent, and it's remarkably restrained in its anti-war message. It simply tells a story : there's very little at all in the way of moralizing or polemics. Why would a story like this need such heavy-handed tactics?I've also read it argued that the movie is robbed of any suspense or impact when it's revealed in the opening scene that the main characters are dead. I have a quite different view of that device.Firstly. the beginning of 'Fireflies' is, for all intents and purposes, a 'happy ending'. This is such a non-linear plot development that you could fail to notice it, and thereby only see the movie's gloom. The moment where the ghostly Seita takes the ghostly Setsuko's hand and nods to her is not only a happy moment, it signifies that the suffering - which is yet to come, as far as the viewer is concerned - is over, and they are together again (albeit still without parents).As for a character revealing that he is dead in the first line of the movie, this is a device which has been used in centuries if not Milena. The crucial thing here is that 'Fireflies' isn't _about_ tension. It tells a story whose ultimate conclusion you already know (a legitimate narrative approach), and everything which happens during that story is emotionally infused with a foreknowledge of its ending. You find yourself hoping that things will go right now for Setsuko and Seita, and then the knowledge that ultimately it won't undercuts you with real emotional power. You know the characters are going to die, but you hope things won't be so bad in the meantime. It doesn't take much of an effort to make that an analogy for our own lives, which makes us all fireflies.Perhaps what might make someone feel disappointed or cheated by this film is simply that it's so damn honest. I mean that: it's one of the most honest, artifice-free movies I've ever seen. It doesn't even really try to ram an anti-war message down your throat there is very little overt violence, and if there are some scenes of corpses and suffering, it's never gratuitous, and it's over quickly. Compare this with 'Private Ryan', where you have to suffer through 40 minutes of the most horrific blood and guts, only to reach a conclusion which, after much blood and thunder, signifies very little.'Fireflies', OTOH, has far more beauty than gore. This is what really surprised me about it. Probably two thirds of the movie takes place in gorgeously drawn, tranquil rural or urban settings, with an almost pleasant dreamlike quality - even when the American bombers are flying overhead at one point there is a surreal, almost serene sense to it - and there are plenty of moments of happiness to offset the undeniably sadness and frustration of other scenes.Perhaps best of all, Setsuko is one of the very, very few (if not the only) animated 4 year-old I've ever seen who actually _behaves_ like a four year old. I'm so sick of seeing preternaturally smart, sassy, sophisticated and precocious children in Hollywood movies. Setsuko's emotion and behaviors are _exactly_ right for a completely normal four year-old, and recognizing this lends many scenes incredible poignancy. Similarly, Seita is a teenage boy who behaves with the sort of mixture of pride, compassion and hubris which you'd expect of someone his age. He still believes that Japan will win the war he thinks it's up to him to take care of his sister with their mother gone and father who knows where. This leads him to make mistakes: possibly the most obvious one being where he fails to take the farmer's advice, swallow his pride and ask his nasty aunt to take them back in again. You would probably have to say his decision not to even try - to go it alone instead, was a very bad one, but - hello, people - here is a character who makes mistakes because he's actually human: a believable teenage boy in an extraordinary situation, who doesn't miraculously save the day, because his best judgment just isn't good enough.Of course, his aunt may well have knocked them back anyway. Who knows?Don't go into the film expecting tension, drama or even a tirade against war. It's a movie about the beauty and fragility of life and youth. If you think Japanese animation is all giant robots and superhuman schoolgirls, this could be the film which changes your mind. It's slow, poetic, beautiful and sad, and extraordinarily honest.I must be the only person who didn't cry during this film (and I mean, I get choked up during some Disney movies). Yes, it is sad, but its beauty and honesty is what I'll remember.NB: this review refers to the subtitled version of the film.
good  After watching Das Boot for the first time, I have to say that not only was I pleased, I was completely in awe of it! Knowing the Oscar nominations it received, I was only disappointed that the whole cast didn't win one. One lone actor cannot take all of the credit for such an incredible force portrayed by all the men on the ship. Jurgen Prochnow played the part of the captain better than any other actor has ever played the role of a leader of men. He brought to life the drama of leading a group of young men into a possible suicide mission with utter realism and depth. I don't normally get emotional at movies anymore. I did watching this one! All the other actors deserve as much credit for the very different men they portrayed. Not one of them was bad. Wolfgang Petersen is an amazing storyteller, and this movie proved it. I would have to say that it might very well be the best war movie I have seen, heck, it may be the best movie I have seen period!!!
good  Amelie is a film that struck a certain chord with me. Every now and then movies come along that speak out to you and emotionally touch you in some way. Amelie is one such film for me. I related to its innocent charm and delightfully shy protagonist played by French sensation Audrey Tautou, the way very few films have. Part of the reason we watch movies is to learn something about ourselves or recognize characters that are remarkably similar to us and the way we are in real life. For all of us shy, introverted, quirky, and odd-ball eccentrics out there who have trouble relating to "normal" people, Audrey Tautou in this film is our personal hero. Instead of going into much detail about why the film works, I'll instead try to explain what it meant to me personally. Sure I guess this means I have to open up maybe more than I'd like to about myself, but oh well. The way Amelie's childhood was presented is similar to my own. I am an only child to divorced parents and very rarely had friends as I was and still am very much a loner. As a child much of my time was spent alone so I entertained myself in all kinds of silly ways. Just like Amelie does in the film. Of course I gained my fixation with films at an extremely early age, but also did stupid things like give my stuffed animals personalities and have conversations with them, draw pictures and create stories to go along with them, and laid in bed listening to the radio with the windows open on a lazy summer day imagining creatures out of the cloud formations. Apparently there are legions of us out there. Even today I enjoy solitude far more than the company of most people and still use my imagination to think of stupid little things. Amelie did an amazing job in capturing what the world is like through the eyes of a person who doesn't really fit in, but finds joy in the simple things in life. Like the fresh spring breeze on your face, the sound of the rain, the chirping of birds, the touch of fur, and popping bubble wrap. Actually popping bubble wrap was always an exciting and rare treat during my youth. Jean-Pierre Jeunet's film also has a marvelously fun nifty view of sex. For Amelie sex is not something that is intimidating, temptingly desirable, sinful, adult, or lustful. It's just another of the many silly things that people do in this world that make us human. Two people taking off their cloths and rubbing up against one another. How sweet! In fact many people have insulted the film for it's unique view and open attitude towards sex. For shame really. Sure there's a lot of it actually. Amelie's first sexual encounter, the orgasms, the object of her affection working in a porn shop with a stripper and putting price tags on didoes. But it's all in good fun and filmed with the naivety that a character like Amelie would view sex as. Anyways the movie really works. Cinematographer Bruno Delbonnel does an excellent job in filming Jeunet's crazy vision and Audrey Tautou with her funky hairdo, wide brown eyes, and whimsical voice and kitten like mannerisms and shyness brings the movie to life. As I said I relate to this movie and understand the character the way I do with few other movies simply because it is frighteningly very much like I tend to be in real life. "You mean she would rather imagine herself relating to an absent person than build relationships with those around her?"Hmm, so would I sometimes. Audrey Tautou's been a more reliable friend than most people and has put a smile on my face and lightened my day at the thought of her more times than one. And I still say I'll marry her one day.
good  Had me on the edge of my seat. I watched the first two, then the last four all together as I just had to know what had happened Please please bring out a new seriesI think this was really well done . Thanks for giving us something good to watch x
good I think that Ikiru is one of Akira Kurosawa's most personal films. This shows in the identification the viewer has with the main character of the movie. Every development in Watanabe's life is like a experience in the own viewers life. I have never been so touched and at the same time been amazed by a film.I just can't see why so many people have trouble appreciating this movie. Maybe because they aren't used to black and white pictures these days.Ikiru is a movie that can't be missed, so be sure to see it. 10/10
good  Of all the animation classics from the Walt Disney Company, there is perhaps none that is more celebrated than "The Lion King." Its acclaim is understandable: this is quite simply a glorious work of art."The Lion King" gets off to a fantastic start. The film's opening number, "The Circle of Life," is outstanding. The song lasts for about four minutes, but from the first sound, the audience is floored. Not even National Geographic can capture something this beautiful and dramatic. Not only is this easily the greatest moment in film animation, this is one of the greatest sequences in film history.The story that follows is not as majestic, but the film has to tell a story. Actually, the rest of the film holds up quite well. The story takes place in Africa, where the lions rule. Their king, Mufasa (James Earl Jones) has just been blessed with a son, Simba (Jonathan Taylor Thomas), who goes in front of his uncle Scar (Jeremy Irons) as next in line for the throne. Scar is furious, and sets in motion plans to usurp the throne for himself. After a tragedy occurs and Mufasa is killed, Scar persuades Simba to flee, leaving himself as king. Simba grows up in exile, but he learns that while he can run away from his past, he can never escape it.When viewing the film, it is obvious that "The Lion King" is quite different from its predecessors (and successors). This is an epic story that contains more dramatic power than all the other Disney films combined. While there are definitely some light-hearted moments, there is no denying the dark drama that takes up the bulk of the story. While it could be argued that Disney is the champion of family entertainment, this film is not for the very young. Some of the sequences are very dark and violent, many bordering on frightening, even for the older crowd.The voice actors are terrific. Jonathan Taylor Thomas brings a large dose of innocence to Young Simba. He's mischievous, but also terribly naive. His older counterpart, voiced by Matthew Broderick, equals him. He's older, but no less mature. The voices are so similar that it's almost impossible not to believe that they are the same character at different ages. Perhaps no one could have been better suited for the role of Mufasa than James Earl Jones. His baritone voice gives the Mufasa a quality of great power and wisdom; there is no question that his role is king. As Scar, Jeremy Irons is pitch-perfect. The drawing of the character is villainous, but Irons' vocal work complements the animation to create one of the most memorable, and vicious, villains in Disney history. He's unquestionably evil, but he's also clever, which makes him all the more dangerous. Manipulation, not violence is his greatest weapon. Providing some much needed comic relief are Nathan Lane and Ernie Sabella as Timon and Pumbaa, two other outcasts (a meerkat and a warthog), and Rowan Atkinson as Zazu. While there is definite fun from these characters, neither the actors nor the filmmakers allow them to go over-the-top and destroy the mood of the film.Disney's animated features are known for their gorgeous artwork. Nowhere is this more apparent than in "The Lion King." Every single frame is jaw-dropping. The colors are rich, and the drawings are sharp and beautiful. One of the pitfalls of animation (both computer and hand-drawn) is that there is sometimes a visible distance between the subject and the background, making it seem as if the figure animation was cut and pasted on the background (this is obviously what happens, but it is up to the artists to make sure that it isn't noticeable). There is none of that here.Throughout the Golden Age of Disney animation, the films have been musicals. "The Lion King" is no different, and the songs are brilliant. All of the numbers are standouts ("Can You Feel the Love Tonight" won the Oscar, but in my opinion, "The Circle of Life" was better). In the cases of Simba and Nala (Simba's girlfriend), both young and old, there is a noticeable difference between the speaking and singing parts (everyone else does their own singing and speaking), but never mind. It still works, and that's what's important."The Lion King" is not flawless, but on first viewing, they aren't noticeable, and it is likely that the young won't ever notice them. "Beauty and the Beast" was the first animated film to get an Oscar nomination for Best Picture (it lost to "The Silence of the Lambs"), and is thus far the only animated film to receive such an honor. That being the case, it's hard to understand why "The Lion King" was not given the same distinction. The two films are more or less equal in quality, and the nominees for the honor that year were not strong.If you haven't already, see "The Lion King." You won't be disappointed.
good  I must say, no signs of aging. Embedded in its day and yet totally relevant. Perhaps the most entertaining of all of Hitchcock's films. Marriage is the theme and murder is the hook. James Stewart is as perfect as he's ever been. He uses the contradictions of his character to create someone immediately familiar. Thelma Ritter's practicality includes a rant about the destructive effect of intelligence. Grace Kelly enters the scene like a character in a dream. She remains a sort of dream that's why to see her climb the killer's balcony is one of my most cherished film memories. If you haven't seen the film you may think I'm rambling but if you have, you know exactly what I mean, don't you?
good As always Luc Besson makes a visual outstanding movie. The effects are like the best sci fi flicks and for that alone the movie is worth watching.The story might not be the best, but what really is negative about this space adventure is the casting, especially the lead characters. Who really believe Valerian is a man hero, a military major when he looks like a 50kg high school boy?I know I dont. And there are other characters who are really misplaced and dont seem to know the art of acting at all. You just dont believe in them.I would say Luc Besson had all his directing skills focused on the effects of the film, and left the (bad) actors to do what they pleased without any focus on making the characters believable.I hope I'll never see Dane DeHaan act ever again.. The CGI characters have better acting than him and Cara Delevingne.The reason for me giving 7 stars is because of the visual universe Luc Besson created, it's really great. If you dont care about bad casting and bad acting this film is entertaining and well made.
good  Stephen King may have said the master director knew nothing about horror, but that simply is not true. That is a too biased opinion for anyone to go on given that he wrote the book, which Kubrick based his wonderful film ever so loosely on. And at any rate, faithful or not, KUBRICK's Shining-the BEST crafted genre film of the 80's- performs it's duty as a fright flick, and then some.There are appropriately no words strong enough to convey the haunting beauty of the visuals showcased throughout the movie, from the drive to the Overlook to the final chase in the hedgemaze the movie is a feast for the eyes as it is for the mind. And it IS a feast for the mind as The Shining is as psychological as horror gets, toying relentlessly, and expertly with your emotions and expectations(some could even say SADISTICALLY), throwing something in that's completely out of left field and never, ever letting you catch your breath between the now classic shocks as the movie speeds toward it's memorable conclusion in the last half hour.Kudos are in order for Kubrick, a director of the old school style, who builds an eerie atmosphere by exercising total control over the filmic environment, manipulating everything down to the tiniest detail to suit the needs of the picture, yet filming with a coldly detatched, objective eye, as though Kubrick were making a documentary about these events. This would account for the dialouge, which-thankfully-is not the typical phoney balloney Hollywood banter (Kubrick detractors/King purists usually bitch about this the most, having been weaned on the phony nature of 'Hollywood talk', which is usually nothing at all like real talk. Many of us speak 'on the nose', and do not try to convey subtext through use of carefully chosen words that articulate our state of being without being direct.) In this light, Shelley Duvall must be commended for her performance which is very naturalistic. It does not seem like acting at all. She is not concerned with glamour, nor does she clutter her performance with typical acting chops, but rather she is solely focussed on hitting the emotional highpoints of her character as 'Wendy' gradually comes to realize that her husband is a madman. And let's face it folks, how many of us would like a million bucks when placed in a situation like that? Who does NOT look like a blubbering idiot when they are hysterical? That's what I thought, so what did you expect? She was great. To say nothing of the rest of the cast.
good  I have to say this is one of the best movies i have seen this year, i was not expecting it to be that good. There's twist after twist, and when you think there is no more, there will be. Great performances and ever better plot. I highly recommend this movie to all ages.New idea for a movie, and they succeeded it at it greatly. It will have you thinking every time you see a magician on TV!i had to give this movie a 10/10, and i only have 4 movies that i would rate that way in my life time. If there is anything you do this year, make it a trip to watch this movie!I hope you enjoy it as much as i did.
good  I think the book/movie have a amazing idea, I love the way Rick Yancey writes and I love the book, the movie is so good-disappointment to me, I think the movie is good because I really felt the same emotions that I had when I've read the book, but for other side I think the people that not have read the book before see the movie could be confuse while they see the movie, The Reason: The way everything happened on the movie is too fast, and I think they wasted the amazing idea of the waves because the movie is more about the Cassie's journey to go for Sammy and Zombie's training , I really loved the movie because I really felt so happy while I was seeing, I really hope the second part The Infinite Sea but whit another director (So sorry J Blackerson no it's nothing personal) Pd: I loved all the actors in the movie
good  I have always been fond of Stanley Kramer's work , but this movie proved to be quite extraordinary and exceptional .The movie has every thing you can desire and human sentiments are at there level best. The plot is written by Abby Mann who won best screenplay Oscar from that and quite deserving one. The story based on Nuremberg trials held after fall of Nazi's in Germany but this movie is nice blend of history with fiction as the major characters were fictional but the evidences and indictments presented in the trial ever authentic and truly depicts the conditions of Nazi occupied Germany. The most intriguing thing of the movie was the true representation of aftermaths of Nazi's occupation in Germany and the feeling of German toward the trial and immaculate direction of Kramer made possible to convey these types of sentiment on cinema for the very first time. The cast was also fascinating with big names like Tracy and surely he did justice with his role as he was very compelling and humble as Judge Haywood. Maximilian Schell was at his best as a compassionate enthusiastic zealous and patriotic attorney to defend the dignity of Nation. He won best actor Oscar for his role. Montgomery Clift was also the one who made this movie special as he played a role of feeble minded sterile man who was nominated for best actor in supporting role though he only played for 9 min in the movie. Burt Lancaster gave one of the most extraordinary cinematic performances as Ernst Janning. This is one of those movies which provokes our mentality and also our morality and is a treat to watch.
good One of the worst films I have endured in the past several years - we walked out after about 20 minutes. I wanted to go see this movie because I had fond memories of the original TV series which whilst corny was good-natured and good fun. This film version was unfunny and frankly seemed anti-gay and completely lacking in any worthwhile reason to stay in the theatre a moment longer. My partner was relieved when I suggested we leave, only the second time I have ever walked out of a movie (for him it was the first time).
good  I saw this movie 5 days ago and i cant stop thinking about this movie, for me its Kurosawas human masterpiece , and that swing scene ,brilliant brilliant ,i don't understand how so a short scene can be so powerful and touching. The acting is superb,Takeshi Shimura brings us a powerful performance as a weak men, without doubt Shimura belongs to the list of the greatest actors of all time.I truly mean that this is one of the greatest movies of all time. But i have a single problem with this movie.After i saw it , every other movie i see it looks for me a waste of time.Watch it !!!
good So much has been written and talked about 'Taxi Driver' that it seems almost redundant to add anything more. But watching it again the other night for the nth time I was, as I have been every single time I've seen it, struck by just how perfect this movie is. It is as powerful and disturbing now as it was twenty-five years ago. It has not only NOT aged, it gets better and more relevant every year. This is without doubt a modern classic, and one of the handful of truly great, timeless movies.Scorsese and Schrader went on to make other great movies after this, both separately ('The King Of Comedy', 'Light Sleeper') and together ('Raging Bull', 'The Last Temptation Of Christ'), but this is easily the best movie of their careers. And Robert De Niro's too. He has yet to top his stunning performance here as the deeply disturbed and alienated Vietnam veteran Travis Bickle, cabbie and would be assassin. This character has not surprisingly entered movie legend. Scorsese surrounds De Niro with a first rate supporting cast, including small but effective roles from Harvey Keitel ('Reservoir Dogs'), Peter Boyle ('Hardcore'), the underrated Victor Argo ('The King Of New York') and Joe Spinell ('Maniac'). Albert Brooks and Jodie Foster are also very good, and even Cybil Shepherd, the butt of many jokes, is fine as Bickle's obsession.When you combine these actors, Schrader's outstanding script, and Scorsese's brilliant direction, with the stunning cinematography (Michael Chapman) and haunting score (Hitchcock fave Bernard Herrmann's final effort), you have yourself a truly unforgettable cinematic experience. If you haven't seen 'Taxi Driver' I urge you to do so immediately. It is a masterpiece, pure and simple.
good  this movie has a great storyline.. for the people that doesn't know Turkish movies highly recommended to watch this movie, its a great drama with Sener Sen (one of the best Turkish actor)who's the last bandit from his old gang. He was in prison because of his backstabbing friend, he gets out of jail and start for seeking revenge and starts finding the real reason of the backstabbing. This movie stays one of my favorites and thats why i wont spoil anything, so i highly recommend you guys this movie !! 10 out of 10ReZ
good  Every movie has its own charm. For me the sequel was much better then the first, the actors chosen for their roles are a perfect match. Hope to see another one in the upcoming years. Great entertainment, action although the story line could have been better...
good In the 1990s, it seems like every major movie studio in Hollywood, was making remakes of classic adventures TV shows about neighborhood kids from mid-1930s to the late 1960s. Some of them, were minor hits; others were horrible retellings like 1993's 'Dennis the Menace'. However, the majority of them, fall between all-time best great & super awful. 1994's 'Little Rascals' is one, such mediocre film. The movie directed by Penelope Spheeris was a little too bog down on nostalgia; that it felt like a series of various sketches, oddly cobbled together, in a paper-thin set up about Spanky McFarland (Travis Tedford) trying to sabotage, one of his members, Alfalfa Switzer (Bug Hall)'s relationship with Darla Hood (Brittany Ashton Holmes), in order to get him, focus back on track, on winning the local go-cart derby race. It just doesn't mesh well. Plus, all of the sketches really does slow the pacing of the movie, down. A good example is all the scenes of the gang trying to make money, in order to rebuild their burn down clubhouse like the bank & freak-show scenes. None of those sequences were really that funny, nor makes any of much sense with the main plot; seeing how the gang have enough material to build another go-cart, yet not enough for a clubhouse. Honestly, the driving force of the plot could had been simple down to the idea, that the race had a prize money, all-along. It would save the movie, a lot of time. Also, as much as I love the ballet & soap singing scenes, those moments weren't really needed. It does feel a bit forced. It could had been cut, if Universal really wanted it, like they did with their VHS & DVD releases; when it came down to other scenes. Many of these versions, are so unlike the original movie, we saw in theaters. However, most of them, works better in watchable. Don't get me wrong, I do like seeing the familiar of sight gags and slapstick situations, taken straight from the original series of comedy short films produced by Hal Roach from 1922 to 1944, even if its bit sexism & anti-homosexual. However, I do wish they add more uniqueness with them. Some of the humor seem a bit repetitive, recycled & outdated. Even, when they did try something new, like updating the source material to a modern setting background. It still came across as somewhat jarring, because how the children is dressed in 1930s style of clothing. If anything, the movie should had, kept the 1930s settlings, just add new jokes to counteract, scenes, mirroring shorts like 1937's 'Hearts are Thumps & 1939's 'Auto Antics'. Furthermore, the movie should add more scenes of the children acting like themselves, rather than imitating adult. Lots of the big wordy dialogue given here, sounds so unnatural, coming from the mouth of a small child. I kinda wish, the movie gave them, simpler sentences to speak. This film really lacks the raw nuances of child performers acting like real children. Nevertheless, not all things, about this film, were bad. I do like how the cast is more integrated and less racist than the original. Also, the main actors were not that bad. Bug Hall & Travis Tedford were born for these roles. There are also some great cameos from Reba McEntire, Mel Brooks, and Lea Thompson to name a few. Even the sight of future president, Donald Trump wasn't that bad. Nevertheless, I would love to see, more cameos from past 'Little Rascals' alumnus, like Jackie Cooper, Eugene Jackson & Robert Blake in minor roles in this film. Sadly, this movie was lacking some of those. However, the movie makes it up with action set pieces with great stunt work. The Go-Kart race was somewhat compelling to watch, even if it's a bit over the top. Also, the soundtrack by composer, William Ross that goes with it, and most of the movie, really does seem like it came from yesteryear. It's beautiful to listen to. In short, while, 1994's 'Little Rascals' will never outdo the original short films from the 1930s/1940s. It does beat 1936's 'General Spanky' & 2014's 'The Little Rascals Save the Day' in being a better 'Our Gang' film. Overall: Watching a kid movie like this is like watching a blender without a lid. It's messy, but it's cool to witness. I highly recommended seeing the film. I kid you not.
good Italian director Sergio Leone changed the face of the Western genre in 1964 when he introduced what would be known as the "Spaghetti Western" with the brilliant "Per un Pugno di Dollari" ("A Fistful of Dollars"). Not only the films looked grittier, violent and realistic; the characters in Leone's westerns became complex men with complex and obscure moral codes, very far away from the classic clear moral opposites of previous westerns. "Per Qualche Dollaro in più" ("For a few dollars more"), is the epitome of all this. It is a powerful, raw and ruthless masterpiece that transcended its genre and became one of the best movies of all-time."For a Few Dollars More", the second in the so-called "Dollars trilogy" (a group of films by Leone with the same style), is the story of two different yet very similar men, Manco (Clint Eastwood) and the Colonel Douglas Mortimer (Lee Van Cleef) are two bounty hunters who are after the criminal named "El Indio" (Gian Maria Volontè). An unlikely alliance occurs between the two lone wolves as they decide to cooperate and divide the reward, but are these two killers after "Indio" for the same reason? Written by Fulvio Morsella and Sergio Leone himself, the film's main characteristic is the complex moral code the main characters follow. They are no longer the perfect clean heroes of classic westerns, both Manco and the Colonel have well-developed attitudes, motivations and purposes; they are neither completely good nor completely bad, they are just real. The story unfolds with a fine pace and good rhythm, it is probably the best structured of the "Trilogy" and the easiest to follow. It is also the one that represents the elements of the Spaghetti Western style the best.Stylistically, the film follows closely the conventions established by Leone's previous film but it takes them to the next level. The excellent use of minimalistic cinematography and the superb musical score by Ennio Morricone complement Leone's realistic vision of Westerns and completely redefined the genre's conventions. "For a Few Dollars More" is a violent tale of two hunters, and visually the film transmits the same emotions the characters feel. No more myths, the Westerns never felt this real.Clint Eastwood's super performance as Manco is very important for the success of the film, as he is the one that takes the audience through this brave new world, however, the star of the film is Lee Van Cleef as Colonel Mortimer. In one of his best performances ever, Van Cleef manages to be both menacing and interesting, giving life to Leone's brilliant script with great talent. Gian Maria Volontè as Indio complements the two big talents as the crazed criminal with a dark past, he is the perfect counterpart of the two lone wolves."Per qualche dollaro in più" is a near flawless movie, as every piece of the puzzle falls into the right place to create a marvelous and unforgettable picture. It's only minor problem may be the dubbing, but fortunately, it still is superior to the one heard in other Italian productions of the same time and it doesn't hurt the film. Fans will always argue about which of the three films of the "trilogy" is the best, and while personally I prefer "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly" over this one, it is just a matter of personal taste as this film is as perfect as that one. A real classic that changed the face of Western as we knew it. 10/10
good  This movie was so funny I'm so confused with all the disappointed reviews like there was non stop giggles in the theater! I made an account because I almost didn't see this movie because the reviews were so awful but like wow it was the best movie I have seen in a long long time !! Don't be fooled by the haters it was great !
good This is a BRILLIANT journey from the perspective of someone utterly detached from any personal connection to those around him.The story is told and presented in such a way that you, the viewer, feel as detached as Roman is, but compelled to follow his journey to the end. For although he has difficulty with human interaction, and detached from humanity on a personal level, he feels a strong responsibility for humanity itself. Denzel, as Roman, is a behind the scenes lawyer, a legal savant with some mental complications (I'm no doctor) which many brilliant people, especially savants, often face.Colin Ferrell is a successful lawyer who finds himself perplexed by Roman's behaviors while increasingly inspired to adopt Roman's mission in life as he is reminded of the reasons he went into law himself.As the story unfolds, you find a detached sympathy for Roman in the same way he would feel for you. How uncanny that we can be so manipulated in the acting and direction process, while some viewers leave disappointed with the movie as "flat" or bad because they couldn't get emotionally involved with Roman, silly gooses, that was supposed to happen.Roman's emotions are absent, or sometimes buried, as in the way he continually failed to express a normal response to the health predicaments of his former legal partner, something presented from the beginning of the movie and throughout.It's a story which moves fast but isn't an action movie, it has no needless scenes or dialogue. In addition to the story of Roman, it tells the story of one particular concern within our legal system. It certainly deserves much more than the 6.4 rating it currently has. I would give it a solid 7.5 which is quite respectable at IMDb.
good It's hard to get your head around the fact that 'Reservoir Dogs' has been around for ten years. It's almost difficult to remember a time before Tarantino made such an enormous impact (good and bad) on movies, but I saw this movie first time round before the hype. All I knew was that, like another "dog" movie from the same era that I saw, 'Man Bites Dog', that it was supposed to be violent, funny and disturbing, and that it starred a long time favourite of mine Harvey Keitel, and Tim Roth, who I mainly knew from Greenaway's 'The Cook The Thief His Wife & Her Lover'. Okay, I hope it's good I thought as I waited in the cinema listening to some half remembered 70s A.M. pop and a strange conversation about Madonna's sex life (the cinema was playing the soundtrack album before the main feature, but what did we know). Then the movie itself, electrifying and fascinating from the word go. It's impossible to describe the impact of seeing this for the first time without knowing what to expect! Still one of my greatest movie memories. Ten years later I've seen it countless times so the surprise has obviously worn off, but it is still a brilliant movie because beneath the violence and wise-cracks of Mr. Pink (Steve Buscemi - 'In The Soup'), Mr. Blonde (Michael Madsen - 'Thelma & Louise'), and Nice Guy Eddie (Chris Penn - 'At Close Range'), there is a lot of  depth, that being the very human relationship between Mr. White (Keitel) and Mr.Orange (Roth). To me that is one of the things that elevates this above the many lame and unoriginal "Tarantinoesque" movies we've had to endure since 'Pulp Fiction'. His imitators just simply don't have a clue!Simply brilliant cinema, and a modern classic. This is absolutely essential viewing!
good Wes Anderson is one of the last directors -auteurs- who's got complete control on the film set and has the power to make whatever kind of film he desires. His distinct visual style is apparent since his 1996 debut Bottle Rcoket. But that was just a start, with every film he made he was perfecting his technique more and more. This marvelous attention to detail, the way he composes his shots( tracking shots, the symmetry, the characters running in slow-motion), chase scenes, love story, nostalgia, explanatory montages, the colourful set design and the prevalent theme of every one of his films: family. This all adds up to the reason why the audience enjoys Anderson's film so much. This all is brought to perfection in Grandhotel Budapest. Through complex narrative framework, which itself is a mockery of all these films that are being narrated by someone and is also being an excuse for not being too realistic, we get to a story of a young lobby boy named Zero Moustafa and Gustave H. (Ralph Fiennes)the concierge of the Grandhotel Budapest. Many of the female guests of the hotel mainly come to enjoy Gustave's company. When one of these ladies passes away, Gustave grabs Zero and boards a train for her mansion. Soon he's blamed for her murder and hunted by police led by Edward Norton and a grim-faced assassin played by Willem Dafoe. There also is a love story between two young teens - Zero and Agatha (Saoirse Ronan) who has a birthmark in the shape of Mexico.I frankly don't understand how can this film be successful in the USA. This film is just so typically European, that I guess some aspects of the film Americans just aren't familiar with. Some of the humor reminded of old French, Italian and Czech comedies. Wes Anderson remains to be a stand-out filmmaker who never disappoints with any of his creations and is a safe bet to rely on his qualities. You won't want to return to the real world when the credits start to roll.
good well... all i can say is goddamn.keeping in mind that anytime you see a movie as part of a major film festival world premiere, where the cast and creators are present, along with hundreds of avid film fans and press, it tends to raise the experience a notch or two... but having said that - i found it to be a work of monumental genius. i thought it was so amazingly good in fact that i actually had to say something as extreme as that to express my current mood towards it, which is still only a mere fraction of how i felt when i actually left the theatre. it was seriously that good.and yes, i'm biased, if you can call it that. but i like the wachowski's for a reason, not blind admiration. they're geniuses, and they've trained mcteigue well.naturally, i think it will be under-appreciated by much of the general public as its not nearly as action-packed as the trailer would have you believe, but whether it makes 100 mil or 200 mil, it should at least completely redeem the wachowski's legacy in even the most critical of critic's minds.i have to say, the rush of adrenaline i felt when...well, you know if you've seen the trailer - made me want to stand u and cheer. when a movie can make you feel like that, it's succeeded.
good  Nine-year-old Addie Loggins is the centerpiece of Peter Bogdanovich's affectionate 1973 comedy set during the depths of the Great Depression. The filmmaker was on a roll at the time as he made the coming-of-age saga, 1971's "The Last Picture Show", and the screwball throwback, 1972's "What's Up, Doc?", in quick succession. Cineaste that he is, Bogdanovich filmed this episodic, character-driven comedy deliberately in black and white, inspired by classics as diverse as Charlie Chaplin's "The Kid", Vittorio de Sica's "Bicycle Thieves" and even John Ford's "The Searchers". The result is charming if a bit overlong for the simple story being told. As the film opens in Kansas, Addie just lost her mother, and she is to be taken to live with relatives in Missouri. Enter traveling Bible salesman Moses Pray, a small-time grifter who bilks recent widows out of cash under the pretense that their late husbands had ordered personalized Bibles before their deaths. As a chronic womanizer, he knew Addie's free-living mother and promises to take her to her relatives after he extorts $200 from a local business owner.The rest of the story is an entertaining road movie centered on the evolving relationship between Moses and Addie as she shows to have a greater gift for scams than he does. A tough-talking smoker who loves radio, Addie is a tomboy frequently mistaken for a boy, while Moses constantly resists his paternal feelings toward her even though they are kindred spirits. Complications occur first with the appearance of a tawdry carnival stripper named Trixie Delight, who threatens to come between Moses and Addie, and then with a bootlegger and his look-alike sheriff brother, who are in hot pursuit over a scam around crates of illegal whiskey. As Addie, Tatum O'Neal still has the distinction of being the youngest actor to win a competitive Oscar, and in her film debut, her unprecocious performance reflects refreshingly confident work from a child. Perhaps fearful that his daughter was stealing the movie, a well-founded fear it turns out, her father Ryan does some of his best screen work as Moses, better cast here than as bumbling musicologist Howard Bannister in "What's Up, Doc?".As she proved with her hilarious portrayal of Howard's persnickety fiancée Eunice in "What's Up, Doc?", Madeline Kahn is an unparalleled scene-stealer as Trixie, especially as she tries to coax a belligerent Addie off a grassy hilltop. Just before peaking in Mel Brooks' farces and reunited with the elder O'Neal, Kahn shows what she can do to maximize less than half-hour of screen time. Almost as funny is the eye-rolling cynicism of P.J. Johnson as Trixie's indentured servant Imogene. The 2003 DVD has two substantial extras. First, Bogdanovich offers a full-length commentary full of his personal remembrances and sharing a deep well of cinematic knowledge. The second is Laurent Bouzereau's "The Making of Paper Moon", an exhaustive making-of featurette divided into three parts, which covers all aspects of the film's development and production and includes comments from Bogdanovich, his then-wife Polly Platt who did the production design, cinematographer László Kovács, and producer Frank Marshall.
good  I have no defense. I stand guilty as charged. I must be insane.The Terminator, for so many, many, many reasons should never be anybody's number one movie of all time. Better "films" exist. Certainly better actors. Better photography and special effects existed at the time. Much classier direction could be found in abundance, I kid not.It was the film of the moment, and the moment was a very complex one. A moment when two thirds of the world were holding their breath for World War III to begin. The schools and mass media were educating children as young as twelve that nuclear war was probable, and what those terrified young people needed to do should "the four minute warning" (in the U.K.) be given by T.V., radio and War War II relic Klaxon Horns. Yes, my generation grew up with this. When humans with itchy trigger fingers were barely being controlled by others with nerves of steel and the courage to state that Mutually Assured Destruction (MAD) was not a viable solution. However, while they could not reach "the big red buttons", the military of the two superpowers of "The Cold War" were using computers and technology to enhance their reasoning and their ability to respond.Films like "The Forbin Project" and "War Games" almost projected the unidentified third man into the public psyche, but these films were either too cult/boring or too Hollywood Happy Ending to hit the mark.The Terminator ended all doubts. If we did not kill each other, the machines we built to "defend" us were the unidentified enemy and, if given enough power and freedom, they would resolve to eliminate all humans in order to survive our MAD ambitions.This alone would have made this a worthy 8/10 movie, but the twist that was added by the fully comprehensible Time Travel Paradox slotted in to the life story of the main character, "Sarah Connor", is what maintains this film as number one for me.Spoiler Alert: If you have not seen it, read no further. Come back and read the rest of this review after seeing the movie (yes, really, through to the end {the movie, not this review!} ) to see if you agree.The first time I saw the movie, I was perhaps 17, but the Time Travel Paradox had been hit upon by a number of books and one film in particular, "The Time Machine". But the consequences of changing the past that could affect the present such that you might never be born in order to travel back in time to make those changes, thus time always self corrects, etc, etc was not made so startlingly clear until ... "What should I tell you about your father?"The line just hung in the air.It marked, (and still marks), the viewer deeply with a question that seems impossible to answer.If Sarah Connor did not tell her son, "John Connor", that his already dead father had not yet been born, but that they will meet when John is a grown man and a leader of a group of guerrilla warriors fighting against artificially intelligent machines that will be set on the absolute extermination of the human race, and that he must convince and prepare that man, his father, "Kyle Reese", to travel back through time (through a time travel device that will be created by the genocidal machines specifically to send a robot soldier, "The Terminator", back to the recent past to kill John Connor's mother, Sarah, before John is born) to save his mother and ... to become his father.From here, the viewer is left with an endless list of questions that can keep the mind imagining consequences of action, or inaction, on the parts of any of these three protagonists, Sarah, Kyle and John ... plus the damned Terminator and the SkyNet computer network.Best movie of all time? Thirty years on, and the number of questions continues to increase. No other film, science fiction or otherwise, has created so many thoughts that related directly to my life (particularly during the Cold War), to my work (during thirty years in the I.T. industry) and to the future I see for the human race ... and as hard as we have fought to avoid it, the more we seem to be creating it."There is a storm coming"
good  This sequel is just as terrific as the first film, if not more so. I hesitate to call it a sequel, as "sequel" is quite simply the wrong word I am looking for. A film like "The Matrix Reloaded" is a sequel - "The Godfather Part II" is something more. It's just too good to be called a sequel.The film won six Oscars in 1974, including Best Picture and Best Supporting Actor (Robert De Niro). It deserved every one. It involves the viewer from the start and never lets up. Particular aspects I enjoy in this film are the flashbacks to Don Vito Corleone as a child immigrating to New York City after social problems in his homeland, Sicily. I like the intertwining of Michael Corleone (Al Pacino), his son, in present day, dealing with his crime inheritance, and Vito (Robert De Niro), his father, years ago. I like how, as Michael comes to terms with his family legacy, the film shows us Vito coming to terms with his future. The day he shoots that man in a gritty apartment complex is a turning point in his life. Every actor is in top form here. Al Pacino has gradually made the move from a man who denies his future to a man who is accepting it. His character is the spotlight of this film, much more so than in the first film (though both center around his decisions).Robert De Niro is particularly wonderful and convincing as a young Vito Corleone, who was of course played by the constantly-spoofed Marlon Brando in the original. De Niro takes an iron grip on his character and completely engulfs himself; this was, in 1974, the sign of an actor who would go places. Indeed, he did.Coppola's magical sense of direction is at work here, as is the script by Coppola and Mario Puzo (whose novels the series is based upon). The original was a wonderful film, but the sequel presents more of a challenge. Flashbacks are often intercut in the middle of other films are awkward times, but in "The Godfather Part II," Coppola uses them at precisely the right moments, managing to careen in and out of scenes and time periods with free abandon.It takes a great kind of skill to master something like this, much less a sequel to one of the most beloved films of all time. "The Godfather" was an instant classic upon its release in 1972. Coppola had two years to plan for his continuation of the film. People told him it wouldn't work, he would never beat the original, and he would never pull it off. But he showed them all. "The Godfather Part II" may well be the best sequel I have ever seen in my entire lifetime. I wish they were all this good. To call it a "sequel" almost seems insulting.
good  I am so sick and tired of people saying they do not like the show because is nothing like the old one... well duh that's the point of the show, and that's why I like it. I can relate more to this show, the status of what teenagers are doing is more effective, and the drama is more relatable than the other one. This is by far my favorite show on television. I like how they mix in the new characters with the old, and the old kind of stepped out of their old character and have been modified into someone relatable for adults. The drama's are exciting, and the story lines are amazing. I absolutely without a doubt love this show and if people don't like it well obviously you guys care enough to trash it, but please don't ruin it for those of us who love it :D
good  I first saw this film (one of my top ten favorites) in 1995 on the big screen, as part of the commemorations for the 50th anniversary of the end of WWII. It had an impact that was so strong that it's never left me--I've seen it many times since, and with each viewing the film seems to reveal new artistic richness and spiritual depth.William Wyler's direction is breathtaking.  One of the most moving scenes occurs early on in the film, when Homer, the young disabled Navy veteran, arrives at his family home and stands for a moment on the front lawn.  For that one second there is an exquisite stillness that communicates a depth of emotion that can't be expressed physically.  Then, just as the tension becomes almost unbearable, Homer's little sister Louella comes to the front door and runs out to greet him.  In a similar way, the scene where Al Stephenson comes home to his wife and children is so finely directed you can almost feel that you're in the apartment with them--that it's your husband or father come home to you from the war--and you're experiencing the sheer elation of their physical nearness.This aspect of the film--its portrayal of the joys and hardships of post-war readjustment and the veterans' experience--is what makes it so enlightening, honest and powerful.  As a young woman, I have never experienced wartime or had my father, brothers or friends go off to fight. The film moves swiftly but seamlessly from the initial joy of homecoming and reunion to the problems, anxieties and humiliations that the three veterans encounter as they attempt to build a new life for themselves and their families.I found it interesting how the film tries to give a picture of the different socio-economic backgrounds of the three men, and show the emergence of an affluent, market-driven economy.  While this in itself is not bad, different episodes in the film show how this economic approach can conflict sharply at times with enduring human values such as integrity and justice.  Al's dealings with the young veteran Mr Novak, who comes to him for a service loan to buy a farm, and his later (slightly tipsy) speech to a business gathering show this.  Al declares at the end of his speech that when the bank lends money to poor veterans it will be a financial gamble but "we'll be gambling on the future of this country".The film's interweaving of the characters and their struggles never falters and is deeply satisfying.  Even as Al and Milly, Homer and Wilma gradually move towards a happy resolution of their difficulties this positive strand of the film is counter-balanced by the focus on Fred, the courageous Air Force captain who, in the eyes of the commercial world is "unqualified", suitable only for a job at a soda fountain, and in the eyes of his war bride, Marie, is only wonderful when he's dressed up in his officer's uniform.  Fred's situation seems only to deteriorate and at one point in the film, after he farewells his elderly father to leave town and look for work, the father finds the citations for Fred's medals and sits down to read them. As he reads the words describing Fred's bravery and dedication to duty while he was terribly wounded in his aircraft, Pat Derry's voice nearly breaks with pride and love for his son.  The film beautifully juxtaposes Fred's unselfish conduct and willingness to make the ultimate sacrifice with the cold indifference of a country in peacetime that does not want him and seemingly has no place for him.The actors are uniformly impressive and really make their characters come alive.  Dana Andrews is especially outstanding together with two young actors making their debut, Harold Russell and Cathy O'Donnell, as Homer and Wilma.  Personally, I loved Homer and Wilma's story the best among those of all the characters,and the resolution is a simple, sensitively shot scene that lifts the whole film to a new point of happiness, gratitude and release.  Both Cathy O'Donnell and Teresa Wright are lovely, gifted actresses with a slightly understated style, that is perfectly suited to the film's restrained but powerful tenor.  This is demonstrated especially well in the tense scene where Wilma tries to talk to Homer in the shed, and in the scene where Peggy confides her heartache to her parents.One feature that adds significantly to the film's quality is Hugo Friedhofer's score.  The music is remarkably fresh and undated, has a strong, classic sound, and is poignant without being too romantic or sentimental (a flaw often found in other 1940s film scores).The producer, Samuel Goldwyn, reportedly said of this film: "I don't care if it doesn't make a nickel...I just want every man, woman and child in America to see it".  Although I'm not American (I am Australian) I found this film, with its universal human themes and its portrayal of post-war readjustment, speaks to anyone who shares in this heritage of WWII.  Tell others about this film--it is breathtaking, beautiful and brave.  See it and remember.
good Robbie K back, after being off the grid for a week. Tonight's review is on the latest "dystopian" feature film called The Circle. Former Hermione Granger, and more recently Belle, Emma Watson leads the film as she attempts to take us into the workings of a technological conglomerate who has knowledge as its key principle. Yet the trailers paint a much darker secret hidden in its stony walls, one that promises to be a real nail biter. Will this movie deliver those thrills, or are we stuck with another wash out? I'll do my best to answer that question, so sit back, and please read my latest thoughts. LIKES: Nice tool development  Emma Watson  Culturally Relevant Film  Solid Moral LessonSummary: We all know technology is becoming the heart of the world, if not already the heart of this country. And certainly, we all know that these technological marvels often require laborious development and maintenance to get the bugs out. The Circle portrays this very well, helping to develop the very tool that we all love. Throughout the journey, you'll get to see the development of the two-faced beast that is technology, and how it requires tweaking to get just "right". Not the highest selling point for a movie, but pretty cool. Of course, we all know many are going to go for the lovely Ms. Watson, to support the super actress they adore. Good news, Watson does a solid job holding up most of the movie, as she is primary the only main character of the film. Watson brings her charm to the screen once more, portraying intelligence, fortitude and inspiration in a manner that many will latch on to. Her accent is pretty sound (though it fluctuates at times), but she manages to deliver her lines with a decent balance of emotion, to sell her points most of the time. Yet the biggest strength of these movies is how culturally relevant it is to the audience. If you didn't gleam it from the trailers, The Circle is essentially a modernized version of the novel 1984 that once more addresses the issues of control, life sharing, and privacy. The film is certainly very political, but has a number of powerful lessons to teach about the place of technology and how easily it can be twisted. I myself liked the comments from Emma's followers, a fantastic representation of the shallow, superficial, and often selfish focus that the internet provides. The scenes are well developed to deliver the full emotional punch, which while not the most unique, can really shock you to the core at how true it can be. DISLIKES:  Cheesy acting at times  Other actors diluted  Missed character development  Ignorant/Idiotic moments  Lack of SuspenseSummary: Despite Watson's strong performance, she is involved in some overly cheesy moments. On many of the emotionally heated moments, she loses her balance and stretches into the overdramatic region, losing her accent and dialogue forte in the process. But even her worst acting doesn't hold a candle to some of the supporting characters who give either emotionally dull deliveries or lackluster performances. These moments are noticeable enough to offset the momentum of the movie, and derailing it from the quality the trailers promised. An even worse quality for me was how the other actors of the star-studded cast were reduced to simplistic roles. Legends like Tom Hanks, Patton Oswalt and even the late Bill Paxton are reduced to very linear roles, with little character development or expansion beyond what you've seen in the trailer. With such a strong cast, I can't help but feel disappointed at the missed potential of this movie and how much this all-star cast could have done to amp up the quality of this movie. Even worse, some of the characters, primarily Emma Watson's character, become so blindly ignorant that the intelligence they worked so hard building is diluted to an idiotic level. As a result, I found myself starting to loathe the character and how 180 they took the character. Yes, I understand the premise behind the movie, but it didn't work for me. Other characters also fell into this mix as well, each built to have this incredible skill that was either not used or rapidly reversed to make the characters seem weak. Yet the most disappointing aspect of this movieis the lack of suspense. The trailer made this film out to be a mystery meeting dystopian policing. Not the case at all. The Circle has no mystery, laying all the facts on the table and leaving little to be uncovered. You would think there would be intense moments of espionage, or policing by superiors to build up excitement, right? Sorry, this film doesn't have that either, with the "exciting climax" not showing up until the last twenty minutes of the movie. As such, the movie is pretty dull and lacks the entertainment quality you might have been seeking. The VERDICT:The Circle is indeed a "scary" film, but it's mainly due to the reality check provides concerning the dangers technology can provide. This strong message is certainly the strongest aspect of the movie and Emma Watson was a fantastic choice to deliver it. Unfortunately, the weak characters, diluted roles, and lack of suspense took away from the entertainment quality of the movie. Such a dull delivery, leaves me recommending this one for renting at home, or at least recommending you read the book (or books) it is based on. My scores are:Drama/Sci-Fi/Thriller: 6.0 Movie Overall: 5.0
good  This film, as with all, has good points and bad points.In general, I feel that the good ones far outweigh the bad.The film simply gives the story of the rise and death of Emperor Caligula in a very straight-forward manner. Indeed, it can be seen as shocking, but I think that this is a side-effect of it's desire to be realistic, rather than a deliberate act on the part of the film-makers.The cinematography and camera work is awful. The huge sets seem at times almost claustrophobic which is an absolute crime considering the magnificence of them. There is also too much emphasis on Caligula himself, to the detriment of revealing some important traits in other characters, making them seem somewhat shallow at times.The sex scenes are very well placed within the context of the film. I thought that only two scenes stood out as being unnecessarily overt, but for the most part, the explicitness is on the fringe of the focus of each scene, while also playing a major part in the atmosphere.Never once did I feel that any dialogue was out of place, nor did the acting strike me as being bad.By far the biggest problem with this film is the fact that the sexual content is widely advertised and therefore anticipated before viewing. This may cause people to focus dominantly on those scenes without really looking at the film as a whole. For me, it enhanced the film. Not in a particularly titillating way, but in the fact that there was no compromise during scenes of sexual acts. Roman orgies are regarded to have been extremely opulent and promiscuous - I found it refreshing to see one as it may have actually been rather than lots of fully-clothed laughing fat men pouring red wine over their faces and eating grapes while draped with female automatons.In summary, Caligula definitely has it's place in film history due to it's controversy, but if you look beyond that controversy, you should find a rather good film which neatly tells the story of how power can turn someone into a madman.
good  This was a terrible movie. It had no cohesion or direction. It was a scattered mess. Just as you got to know a charter they would be removed from the film.One of the biggest disappointments was how they ended the story line between Josh and Javier's charters. They have this great story unfolding then bam, it's over. And to make it worse they don't even show you what happens. All you see is the sheriff pull up and Josh's charter is dead.Why put Woody's charter in the film if all your going to do is kill him in 2 or 3 scenes in a meaningless manner? His whole charter made no sense. At first you suspect he is some quick thinking hired gun to help clean up the situation. Next thing you know he is dead and before he dies he almost has a nervous breakdown. That charter alone was so contradicting of it's self it was pathetic.These directors need to find better ways to tell the movie's story line instead of finding a story that they can use to showcase their style of film making.
good What a great cinematic experience it is to view Some Like It Hot. The movie provides you with a bit of everything from madcap action, screwball comedy, mob drama, and campy romance, along with a little sugar on top in sweet sensation, Marilyn Monroe. Despite the apparent weight-gain she looks visually stunning, and her close-to-home performance is worth noting as well. There are many subtexts that lie in Billy Wilder's masterpiece, including one that could very well do with Marilyn's character Sugar Kane Kowalczyk. Much like Marilyn, the lounge singing Sugar is searching for love with a decent somebody other than the player-type she often frequents (in the film's case, saxophonists). Perhaps men found this sultry misses too intimidating, making Marilyn's love-life in the real world just the same.	Another suggestive undertone could do with the abundant `crisis of masculinity' shot off in the late 1950's. Two middling male musicians (Tony Curtis and Jack Lemmon), all dragged out, seem to be granted opportunities they would never have had if remained as `men' (i.e. marrying a millionaire, accepting free trips and consolations, etc.). Is it femininity that gains all? Like Dustin Hoffman's Tootsie, it is apparent these `beauties' really weren't beauties at all; bosses-the mob and Sugar's-pick it up right away. Why the feminine gain? Do men make wiser women than younger girls?  	All rhetoric aside, Some Like It Hot's concept is a lot simpler: the men join an all girls band heading to Florida, evading the possibilities of being found as the witnesses to a gangland rubout (a.k.a. the St. Valentine's Day Massacre). Of course there are many complications for these `women' along the way, including their intense magnetism towards Sugar. Never is there a dull moment in Some Like It Hot, with quickly paced classical cutting, a wholesome variety of locations, and a brilliant screenplay much to the allure of Wilder's other treasure Sunset Boulevard. Not many movies over 40 years can hold up the laughter presented in Hot. In one of the funnier scenes, a relentless drunkard in the midst of a `funeral parlor' seize-up demands more scotch-filled decaf: `How bout another cup of coffee!' Classic, indeed.5/5 stars
good The first thing I want to say about this movie is that the visuals are absolutely insane! It's really a joy to watch, the aliens are extremely well made and the first scene is just gorgeous! The story is predictable, but can keep you interested for most of the time. The main problem was the way things are explained, it's like the movie think that the viewers are not intelligent enough, and many times I found myself saying "well that was obvious". There are some scenes that have zero impact on the story, and they give you nothing interesting. I really wanted to know more about this world, about the species, but sadly that didn't happen. The dialog is good but nothing exiting, sometimes they say the same stuff over and over and you may find yourself thinking "we get it, move on", and it's really cheesy at some points. The acting is very good, the chemistry between Dane DeHaan and Cara Delevingne is great, and overall all the cast delivers.This movie wasn't something amazing as I thought it would be judging by the trailers, but I still enjoyed it very much, the actions scenes were great and the humor was on point most of the time. I won't recommend this for those who look for something clever with breathtaking twists, but for those who enjoy solid acting, nice story and amazing visuals, this movie is definitely recommended. Overall 7/10 Thanks for reading!
good  If you want to know why koreans (especially south koreans) are really into the movie you gotta know the history of 80's korea. during 80's south korea had been ruled by military government. Do you remember the siren which sounded when the killing is happen? that siren was controlled by military government. after the siren, nobody is allowed walking outside. they might think it could suppress commiees or anti-Gov gruop action.  AS you've seen the siren had become the perfect chance for murder.
good  I honestly don't understand what all the fuss is about. Why do people hate Waterworld? Why was it instantly disregarded before it was even released? When you really think about it, how much different IS Waterworld from the more recent Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest? They are quite similar if you think about it. Waterworld also cost $75 million less than DMC. But because it has Johnny Depp in mascara the whole world loves it! Hypocrisy! With a lot of behind the scenes trouble (Reynolds walked off the film and Costner had to finish the final third of filming himself) and negative pre-release buzz, everyone expected Waterworld to fail. Boasting a budget of £175 million (the most expensive ever until Titanic 2 years later) it was sure to be a flop, especially with the snooty public and critics blasting it before its release. Then, the unthinkable happened. Upon release, Waterworld actually managed to prove critic expectation wrong and be a good movie, receiving good (albeit ignored) reviews and finally earning a grand total of $255 million at the Box Office. This is before video, laserdisc, TV, DVD, HD-DVD and Blu Ray sales as well as all of the merchandise. Does sound like a flop to you? The plot is far-fetched. Yes, but so are the POTC plots involving fish-men, giant squids and Orlando Bloom as anything remotely masculine. But you accepted that quite easily. So just, for a minute, believe that if the polar ice caps DID melt that the world WOULD be covered in water. Set hundreds of years after this particular cataclysm, Waterworld follows the journey of The Mariner (Kevin Costner, who is only referred to a few times but never actually named), a man who is one step beyond human as he has the ability to breathe underwater and has webbed feet.Early on in the movie, The Mariner comes across an Atoll, a floating small town complete with its own hill...er Waterbillies. When the Atoll is seized by crazed madman baddie boss Dennis Hopper as The Duke of the Deez (as in Exxon Valdeez), The Mariner escapes with Enola, a little girl who may hold the secret of Dryland and her guardian Helen (the totally gorgeous Jeanne Tripplehorn). Not happy with anyone leaving the party The Duke sends his army of filthy smokers to catch The Mariner and discover Dryland for himself.Waterworld has a lot going for it. It's everything an action/sci-fi movie should be. There is so much escapism in the stunning seascapes and tropical feel. James Newton Howard's exotic score (replacing a rejected score by Mark Isham) is breathtaking and I seriously recommend you hunt down the soundtrack CD. The action is almost entirely special effects and stunt-work and it's brilliantly done. The editing is also quite impressive as is the amazing sound design. Waterworld is far superior to many, more expensive action films but still carries this burden of negative, unfair public opinion.I have only ever seen the 136-minute cut of Waterworld that was released into cinemas and subsequent VHS etc. But a Director's Cut of 176 minutes has been shown on TV in America several times. This version apparently restores several scenes that tie up loose ends and answers a lot of questions about how the this particular watery future works as well as revealing that Dryland is actually Mount Everest. Other than TV airings, this version has never made available to the public. Which is quite annoying as there is a huge fanbase for it.Don't have prejudices against this movie. Think different and see for yourself how cool it is.
good This movie could have been great - its a escape movie so I did not take it too seriously. I liked the casting and the costumes in the movie as well, very dapper Old English style.I liked the Pride and Prejudice elements - the setting in my opinion was a bit rushed I did not really understand who was living where and where the boundaries were - rest of England, the in between and London. There was a moat built but I was confused as the zombies seemed to be everywhere anyway? People moved here, there and everywhere so I just gave up trying to understand where they were meant to be based.So the word play between characters is fantastic - very P&P however the zombies did not seem to play a part at all - only brief moments of zombie action. I would have been great to see move, more of the struggle. Overall an entertain movie and hope for some more zombies in the future.
good  Having doubts about seeing this movie because of the length (3 hours can be death to a film).I was so surprised that I didn't look at my watch once throughout the whole movie. Tom Hanks, in my opinion, gave the performance of his career by bringing emotion and depth to his part. The only actor that bettered him was Michael Clarke Duncan. How he made this giant like character into a vulnerable pussycat was a marvel. On whole, the cast came together and gave the best performance I have seen in a movie for a long time. Not one of them let the side down by being weak. David Morse who is more known for his supporting roles was also excellent and hopefully not long till he's carrying his own movie. If you haven't seen this get it out now,forget about the running time and connections to 'The Shawshank Redemption' and enjoy it for what it is, a little miracle. 4 out of 5
good A couple of claymation misfits who are worlds apart, form an unlikely dialog, in a pre-Internet age where it takes weeks to get a reply.There is a growing trend amongst publishers and in Hollywood, where the writer is strongly urged to rather show the story rather than tell it. This is fine for certain works, especially action films, but I personally believe that the aforementioned edict is a steaming pile of moronic dribble. People are more than intelligent enough to garner rich satisfaction from being provided a story in any form as long as the story itself holds interest. Its worked fine for all the classics in literature, most of which are still being read in droves, but many believe that audiences are stupid and need to shown everything and must capture their attention in the first five seconds. Indeed, most manuscripts are rejected based upon their first page, a ridiculous scenario.In this case, there is much in the way of telling via the voice-over of the wondrous Barry Humphries and yet the visuals provide us with an extra layer on information, working with the voice-over rather than being hindered by it. Occasionally it goes on too long, but Adam Elliot is incredibly brave in wanting to tell this story his way. Aside from stylistic similarities to his earlier shorts, he has remained true to himself. He thanks a lot of people in regards to his script; its clear he has made the effort to get it right, proving the basic notion in screen writing, is to get right on the page first folks. The script is a gem, finding the humor in a rather grim tale, without ever being patronizing to the characters or their plight. If anything, he manages to reinforce their humanity.The choice of music is ideal, setting a tone that is complimentary and yet as though these classical pieces were designed specifically for this wide, but often claustrophobic gray universe. I hope audiences embrace it on the big screen as there is glorious detail lurking in the background, providing an extra chuckle or irony for the keen eye. If there was ever a reason to leave the home theater, this is it. Mary and Max is a brilliant, entertaining work of visual art combined with depth and grace.There was a couple of moments when I raised eyebrows at certain things that didn't fit correctly for the late seventies, such as the mention of Stephen Hawking as well as cigarette patches (which debuted in the early 90's) but otherwise this laugh out loud, tear to the eye unique celluloid experience is one of the standouts of the year.
good  tigereyes: you said that this would be the movie you would have students learn from in schools.. i just finished watching it at school, good idea as well.i have to say this is one of the best movies ive ever seen. the camera work and the atmosphere are great(also hard for me to miss because my film teacher stopped it every twenty minutes to show us them). the storyline is great (and was used again in a fist full of dollars, then rewritten by kurosawa, yes he did, for last man standing). all the actors are great and some of the lines and other things in this movie are classic (Dan Marcus said this one.. "Cooper... two coffins *stops, looks back* maybe three") also i love Ushi-Toras brother, Ino, i think his name was "Hey I know you! you're really strong!" and at the sake shop with Seibeis wife when they're fighting over the samurai.well anyway... im starting to ramble now. but any one who hasn't seen this movie see it as soon as possible!
good a Great movie , it reminded me another great movie " Gone Girl " by David fincher, I didn't read the novel but the scenario was quiet good and the plot was nicely done, what made me like this book is Emily Blunt and her astonishing performance, I'm not saying that other members of the cast didn't perform, they REALLY did a great job, but Emily was the best. I also liked Halet Benett character, she's a good actress with a bright future, I've seen her this year on "The Magnificent Seven" too. I haven't seen any other works for the director Tate Taylor, but he has done a very good job with this, I'm looking forward to see his future works.
good At first glanced I chalked this movie up to nothing more than a dumb "Scary Movie". This feeling only shifted after seeing a short preview video on Netflix. When it started to play I found myself chuckling along at the protagonist questioning my one of his capture isn't wearing a shirt anymore. A few days later on a whim I looked at my wife well trying to find something to watch and asked if "The Babysitter" would do. After the protest from my wife, we sped through the measly 1h25m run-time. Don't judge this movie by its cover. It is fun and self-aware flick that knows how silly it is and is not afraid of poking fun at its self. The premise really does not do a good job of conveying its meta-humor and ridiculous scenarios. Of course this movie like most these past few years likes to tug at our nostalgia strings and includes some great TV/movie/comic references and of course 80s rock'n'roll. I've watched it about three times in the past few weeks to show friends and family, who all had the same eye roll effect when I recommended it. In the end they all laughed and enjoyed it. Defiantly worth a onetime view.
good Let's not kid ourselves here, all ye art students, film-school nerds, and other self-loathing "cinema l'arte" snobs: had this exact same movie been released under the banner "directed by Pier Paolo Pasolini" you would have loved it - sorry: CLAIMED to have loved it - and praised it to high heaven, espousing its virtues in long essays, justifying its extreme sex and violence through some b.s. semantic pseudo-intellectual movie-critic-jargon mumbo-jumbo.Go on, admit it. No-one will laugh. We promise.This movie has been unanimously dismissed as exploitative trash and of no cinematic value by "notable" movie critics.After having seen the full two-and-a-half hour version: a) I can certainly see why THEY would choose to view it that way b) I totally disagree The fact that "Caligula" was financed by Penthouse (gasp!) and directed by Tinto Brass (oh no!) is what this is all about.An excellent cast includes McDowell (an ideal choice for Caligula - or any devious lunatic, for that matter) and Mirren (at the height of her enormous sex-appeal). There is terrific music from Khachaturian, an interesting story, some suspense, etc. A strong stomach is needed to watch this gore-fest, though.A corny, historically inaccurate, fairy-tale-like piece of crap like "Gandhi" gets world-wide recognition, while a brutally realistic film about another historical figure gets the finger. Go figure.
good I disagree completely with all the people, who criticize the film, because there's nothing really bad in it. George Lucas and  all of the others worked very hard on TPM, and it shows. After seeing the film a couple of times, I am more and more amazed, how good the script is. GL really thought all details through to make an entertaining experience, and there ARE NO PLOT HOLES. I know that a lot of people out there disagree with me on that, but all of the little problems a lot of people have with the plot can be explained with a little thought, and I believe that GL really thought everything through -- he just didn't tell us the whole story. What surprised me was the German dubbing -- it's really good, and sometimes even better than the original version (I've seen both). Unfortunately we all have to wait too long for the next two episodes...
good Faith, played by Selema Gomez, and her three very close friends plan to escape their boring college dorm lives to attend a massive Spring Break party. In order to pay for their getaway, her three friends commit an unthinkable act of terror. Their Spring Break vacation turns out to be a non-stop party of drunken drug use and sexual perversion that lands them in prison. This is when Alien, played by James Franco, bails them out and a new type of party begins.With a dub-step softcore porn music video opening sequence, it is uncertain if Spring Breakers is glorifying the demoralizing activities portrayed or if it is a satire. Even when the film is not flashing to what looks like stock footage of a Girls Gone Wild Spring Break special and we are with the girls, the framing seems to have been done by a sex addict. This will be one of the most uncomfortable experiences Selema Gomez's fans will ever experience. For parents, this will be an absolute nightmare. Younger male audiences, on the other hand, will think they've found their new favorite movie. When the girls are introduced to Alien the film feels like it gets a new director. The feeling of a Girls Gone Wild narrative feature film is lost and we are filled with a great sense of dread. Who is this guy who calls himself Alien? We even find ourselves afraid to find out what he has planned for these young girls he has bailed out of prison.As we continue through the second half of the film, it becomes very clear that we are in fact watching a satire. A horrific and effective satire. This is done though exposing the character of Alien and much credit must be given to James Franco, this is him at his best. Through the course of the film we go from fearing him, to laughing at him, to feeling sorry for him. The film is worth watching just for Franco's performance. The girls do an excellent job as well. These are easily two of the most frightening female characters ever put on-screen.Spring Breakers is written and directed by Harmony Korine, the writer of Kids and director of Gummo. If you've seen anything he has written or directed you already know what you are in for. It has the core of a Natural Born Killers story wrapped in layers of what would be if Terrence Malick directed Girls Gone Wild. What ends up becoming an annoying distraction is the repetition of dialogue we hear over and over again, playing in a loop. It's understood we are in the girl's shoes, things are spiraling out of control and the editing helps get that across. Some of it works but in the end, we've heard the same things so many times it is as if Korine is hammering the message of his satire into our heads, almost desperate to prove it has a point. Through the story it's meaning is made clear, no reason to over-use certain Malick-like editing techniques to over-state what the story has already made obvious.The core story is genius. The way in which the story is told is split between things that play out like a master at work and a new filmmaker still experimenting.
good  I really enjoyed this movie. Definitely basketball classic. Everybody who loves the game will enjoy it. The actors are cool and can really ball. There is drama, there is comedy, there is friendship! Nigerian guy is the best one!
good  In France, in the First World War, the insane and ambitious general Gen. Paul Mireau (George Macready) orders Colonel Dax (Kirk Douglas) to lead his men in a suicide attack against Germans in the unattainable Ant Hill. After a massacre of the French soldiers, Gen. Mireau orders his artillery to drop bombs between the French front line of attack and the trenches, to avoid the soldier to return to the protection of the trenches. The commander of the French artillery refuses to accomplish the order. Gen. Mireau asks his superior, Gen. George Broulard (Adolphe Menjou), to send three men to Court Martial and execute them for cowardice through shooting, as an example to the other soldiers. Colonel Dax, a former lawyer, defends his men in the unfair trial. Yesterday I watched this outstanding masterpiece for the first time and certainly it is among the best movies of the cinema history. The disgusting story shows the insanity of a war, where men are treated like numbers and not as human beings. The reality of the battles scenes is amazing. The cast has a stunning performance, highlighting the trio George Macready, Adolphe Menjou and Kirk Douglas. The lack of sensibility and respect for the human life and the cynicism in the dialogs of the two generals are fantastic. Two other points that called my attention are the fancy reception for the general staff, while their subalterns are fighting in the front and the misunderstanding of the real intentions of Colonel Dax by Gen. George Broulard. A must-see movie! My vote is ten.Title (Brazil): `Glória Feita de Sangue' (`Glory Made of Blood')
good After not seeing this film since it had come out in the theaters in 1976, I was almost shocked at how little action this movie had compared to what you see today....or in the Rocky sequels, for that matter. It's okay. It was needed to give us character studies of the main players: Rocky, his wife, his brother, his manager, etc., people we would see in subsequent films. Also, the fight scenes in those sequels went on too long, anyway. Frankly, I've enjoyed all the Rocky movies, beginning with this one.In this film, the romance between "Rocky Balboa" (Sylvester Stallone) and "Adrian" (Talia Shire) was a major subplot to the boxing saga. It reminded me a bit of the '50s film with Paul Newman, "Somebody Up There Likes Me." If you enjoyed this movie, check that classic film out.The DVD transfer is excellent, especially considering the movie is 30 years old.
good  Starring: Tom Hanks, Robin Wright, Gary Sinise, Sally Field This was flat out one of the best movies of 1994. It won best picture for a reason, along with a few other Academy Awards. I think one of the tag lines for the movie was, "The world will never be the same once you've seen it through the eyes of Forrest Gump." How true. The movie is basically one simple man's journey through life. And what a journey.The movie opens with Forrest (Hanks) sitting at a bus stop, waiting to go see Jenny (Wright) after being apart from her for years. Who is Jenny, you ask? We'll get to that in a minute. Forrest strikes up a conversation or two with the people that come and wait for the bus with him. Or, more accurately, he keeps talking regardless of whether anybody is listening or not. The movie plays out as a flashback, with Forrest taking us through all the major events of his life and narrating them.The flashback starts when Forrest is a little boy, about six years old or so, just at about the age where he should be starting school. We get to take a look at Forrest's childhood as he gets leg braces to straighten out his back, as his momma (Field) fights (and does a few other things) to get him into public school, and as he meets for the first time the love of his life. Jenny. He meets her on the way to school, sitting next to her on the bus, and they strike up a friendship immediately.Eventually we progress to the point where Forrest and Jenny are in high school, and we travel along with Forrest as he makes it onto the football team and gets to go to college. Forrest and Jenny never date, but he's always there to protect her. Anytime he thinks she's in trouble, he rushes to the rescue, ready to beat the ever-loving snot out of anyone who even looks at his Jenny wrong. I think one of my favorite scenes in the movie is when someone is dumb enough to slap Jenny. The film goes slow motion, Forrest's eyes go wide, and he starts charging at this guy like a runaway locomotive, and has the striking force of one too. Watching him beat the crap out of that guy is hilarious.As Forrest grows up and goes through school, college, the army, a Vietnam tour, becomes a ping pong celebrity, a shrimp boat captain, and eventually one of the richest men out there, he also gets to take a few stops in history as the filmmaker gives us his own spin of how he thinks history would have happened if Forrest Gump were there. He gets to meet the President three times, he's the man who exposes the Watergate scandal, he's at the school doors when Governor George Wallace tries to get some Negroes into a white school, and so on and so forth. It's really funny the way they manipulate historical footage to insert Forrest into the events of the past.This is truly a great movie. You'd be a fool to miss it.Bottom Line: 4 out of 4 (own this movie)
good Wes Anderson seems to be one of those Directors to look forward to as he has gained a reputation for his quirky eccentricity and stylish flair over the years. In his new film, 'The Grand Budapest Hotel' he tightly weaves together a crime caper that is sharp, witty and slick, but sadly lacks interesting characters.I won't go too far in explaining the plot because a lot happens in the 1 hour and 40 minute running time. The narrative is rather complex as it is handed down from Tom Wilkinson who plays the author who hands the story to his younger self played by Jude Law, who then speaks to Mr Moustafa (F. Murray Abraham) who then tells Jude Law his times of when he got a job as a Lobby Boy at the Grand Budapest Hotel, working for the eccentric perfectionist M. Gustave (Ralph Fiennes). We then move from the run down Hotel of that time to the 1930′s when the hotel was booming. We see the hotel in a wedding cake style aesthetic, where anyone who is anyone in the aristocratic world comes to stay, and alt of the time, sleep with Gustave. This includes elderly aristocrat Madame D (An unrecognisable Tilda Swinton). When Madame D dies, she leaves Gustave a priceless painting 'Boy with Apple', to the disgust of Madame D's greedy family, especially her conniving son Dimitri (Adrien Brody). This starts off a chain events which involve lawyers and hit men, an elaborate prison break, a secret society, a woman who hides things in her detailed cakes, and unspecified war and much more.The film looks amazing. It adopts the aesthetic which has become the signature of Wes Anderson films. The perfect framing, the elaborate set design, the costumes matching the sets and all the quirkiness and eccentric deadpan humour to boot. Ralph Fiennes proves to be a fantastic comic lead. His sense of timing and delivery is perfect. Also, his character is very interesting as he initially comes across as a self serving eccentric, but as the film goes on, you realise he has a lot of good in him. Unfortunately, I felt he was the only interesting character in it. Many of the touted cameos which include Owen Wilson, Jason Schwartzman, Bill Murray, Lea Seydoux, Harvey Keitel, Jeff Goldblum and Willem Dafoe play a small part in the plot, but a lot of them are underused. The talented Saoirse Ronan I felt was particularly underused. The intricate and complicated plot felt tiresome towards the end as so much takes place and the dialogue is so quick and sharp, that if you miss a line, you will miss a big part of the plot. It started to feel too cluttered as there were too many people in it and too much happening. It is still consistently funny and dazzling, but lacked emotional involvement that it felt slightly empty. I think personally, I still pine for Wes Anderson's more melancholic tones of 'The Royal Tenembaums' and 'Rushmore'. In those films, I cared more for the characters and enjoyed the visual and quirky style. I feel his films are drifting towards a more silly and farcical tone, which is fine, but in my opinion I don't feel it is for the better.See my Film Review Blog - www.projectionistreview.wordpress.com
good One of the most awaited movies of the year, the first part of Gangs of Wasseypur lives up to expectations. However, the only disappointing aspect of the movie is that one has to wait for the part two of the movie to see how the story unfolds. The movie is based at Wasseypur and other surrounding areas of Dhanbad. The time-line of the movie spans from early 1940s to early 1990s. The second part of the movie is expected to span from early 1990s to mid 2000s. It's a story of Pathans Shahid Khan (played by Jaideep Ahlawat)and his son Sardar Khan (Manoj Bajpayee, Qureshis, and politician-cum-coal mine owner-cum- local don Ramadheer Singh (Tigmanshu Dhulia)and his son. The tussle between Pathans and Qureshis, and that between Shahid Khan and Sardar Khan on one side and Ramadheer Singh and his son on the other side are the highlights of the movie. In between, one also sees different facets of coal mafia, revenge, rivalries among Muslims, and even love stories too. The movie is intense, gripping, and has a fair sprinkling of cuss words one finds in Bihar and Jharkhand, where the film is based. The music of the film is another highlight, and one needs to watch the film to fully realize the relevance of songs in the film. In short: a must- watch movie for those who love hard hitting movies with great acting from all the actors.
good  I watched Ringo Lam's city on fire and I was upset to see how Quentin stole everything from it to make Reservoir Dogs, Yes I like the way he combines different movies to make one but reservoir dogs was like an American Version of city on fire with white actors (not in a bad way).I know it has been said before, but I recommend you to watch City on fire, things that didn't make sens or if you don't want to waste your time listening to those tough guys talking about what they did, City on fire will just show you what happened in a small box of time.But anyway, I think Mr Blond and Pink made it look pretty though.I am sorry, just in case he paid for the rights.
good This is one of the best shows you will ever see !! I remember the first episode, all of the characters being sophomores in high school, just starting to gain some identity . To me, each character is a fantastic representation of the different situation a teenager faces in life. You've got the girls Kelly , Brenda, Donna (the good girl) , and Andrea (pronounced ON-dreea), and the guys Brandon (won my vote for best looking!) Steve, nerdy David, and soon to follow cool hand Luke - Dylan . The gang is as close as a bunch of high-schoolers are going to get, but let me tell you why to watch . This show crosses everything - drugs, sex , abuse, you name it . The characters bring the topics into their own hands and show how it affects their friends, family and lives. It has actually taught me a few lessons as well . One being that you never know your friends, and don't be surprised by their actions . This show proves that you never really know anyone . 90210 doesn't hold anything back, it shows emotion, and best of all rescuesMy favorite episode, well let's just say I don't have just one, because I happened to enjoy all of them, but I will narrow it down if you're looking into checking it out . One episode that you must see is the episode where Dylan's dad dies, I myself was sympathetic to the character . The next best episode was of the 97-98 season, when the gang takes a trip to Hawaii, love is in the air, and everyone for that moment is just happy, but until the end where Kelly is shot .If you are looking for a reason to quit doing drugs and drinking, check out the episode where David is addicted to speed , or when Kelly's co-dependency leads to her addiction with cocaine. Watch the chain of episodes where Dylan is over his head in drinking . If you are looking for abuse intervention, tune into the episode where Brandon mentors a physically abused boy, or when Donna overcomes her battering boyfriend (ray). If you are looking for some good-old fun episodes , check out the early college ones, when everybody is either pledging a fraternity or a sorority .I  strongly recommend this show to anyone who is interested in a reality based show, that is not focused on just the snobs of Beverly Hills, and is always teaching a different lesson .
good  Jurassic Park is a 1993 American science fiction adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg. It is the first installment of the Jurassic Park film series. It is based on the 1990 novel of the same name by Michael Crichton, with a screenplay written by Crichton and David Koepp. The film centers on the fictional Isla Nublar, an islet located off Central America's Pacific Coast, near Costa Rica, where a billionaire philanthropist and a small team of genetic scientists have created a wildlife park of cloned dinosaurs.Jurassic Park is the second Steven's Spielberg Classic cult Film. A great science fiction/action/adventure film. This film is great edge of your seat action sequences. It has a wonderful cast with wonderful performance of their characters. John Williams music score is excellent the same like is in Indiana Jones films. Beside Raiders of the Lost Ark is the second Best classic movie in the franchise. Jurassic Park (1993) was nominated for 3 Academy Awards for Best Sound, Best Effects, Sound Effects Editing and Visual Effects.I love this film to death! It is been 22.years since we got this awesome adventure dinosaurs flick. I know a couple of friends of mine that love this film including me. It is a cult classic film and It has a heart. We have Tyrannosaurus Rex chasing the group, Velociraptors chasing Tim and Lex after they are reaching the visitor center and they are in inside the main kitchen. Dilophosaurus killing Nerdy. We also have Triceratops in it and Brachiosaurus. They are other dinosaurs used in the film: Gallimimus, Parasaurolophus and Alamosaurus they both had a cameo scene in it. The special effects creating the dinosaurs by Stan Winston are FANTASTIC! The dinosaurs were created with groundbreaking computer-generated imagery by Industrial Light & Magic and with life-sized animatronic dinosaurs built by Stan Winston's team. To showcase the film's sound design, which included a mixture of various animal noises for the dinosaur roars, Spielberg invested in the creation of DTS, a company specializing in digital surround sound formats. Stan Winston and his team did a great job animating live Dinosaurs on a screen. Steven Spielberg did a wonderful job directing this film, it is definitely my second best childhood film from Steven Spielberg. The first best film would be Raiders of the Lost Ark (1981) which I love this film to death. The screen play written by Michael Crichton and David Koepp did a great job and the plot of the film was just awesome. The plot: During a preview tour, a theme park suffers a major power breakdown that allows its cloned dinosaur exhibits to run amok.The crew cast all did a wonderful job of acting. The acting of this film was terrific and believable. Sam Neill as Dr. Alan Grant, a leading paleontologist did a wonderful job portraying his character. He act the character like he was written on his skin. Laura Dern as Dr. Ellie Sattler, a paleobotanist. did a wonderful job like how she cared about an ill Triceratops. I was really surprised how the character cares about an ill dinosaurs that she barely know and she wanted to help him was out stating! Laura Dern for me in this film was a heart and a key watching this film of how a good hearted person she is. Jeff Goldblum as Dr. Ian Malcolm, a mathematician and chaos theorist was really good in his acting and his character. Richard Attenborough as John Hammond, InGen's billionaire CEO and the park's creator was awesome playing his character. It is really a shame Richard Attenborough died last year and he isn't with us anymore. Ariana Richards and Joseph Mazzello as Lex and Tim did a wonderful job portraying John Hammonds grand children. I didn't know Samuel L. Jackson was in this film I really didn't know that. The whole cast was awesome in here.Music by score by John Williams is fabulous and fantastic I always love this song to death. There is everything in this film I love. How Dr. Grant, Lex and Tim are fighting to survive when they are trapped alone in the park. How tough and strong they are they don't panic and screaming they are fighting to come back save home. Lex and Tim are cornered by a pair of raptors inside the main kitchen. In one of the most terrifying scenes in the entire film, the raptors stalk through the dark kitchen, searching for the kids. Eventually, Lex and Tim manage to lure one of the raptors into the freezer and lock it in, but the other raptor chases them out of the kitchen. The scene was the most memorable to me and terrifying. Another terrifying scene is when Ellie discovers Ray's severed arm in the maintenance shed and she sees the raptor that eat Ray try's to eat her, that also scared me a lot. After the power was cut off on the electric fences and the kids with Alan are climbing over the fences and the power is turn back on by Ellie and Ray the fence electrifies Tim and he fly's down off the fence. The scene was awesome but also terrifying and real. I'm not sure what else you would want in a movie like this?! It is a perfect 10. I love this film to death! I love this film to death!! The action sequences are also awesome, the plot, the cast everything is great about this film.
good  This is one of those rare films that gets better each time you watch it. With something for everyone, The Princess Bride combines romance, action, adventure and parody to create the perfect movie.Cary Elwes and Robin Wright are beautiful to watch and the story of their love is a wonderful backdrop to the adventure and intrigue played out in this story. Mandy Patinkin is wonderful as Inigo and gets to deliver some of the best lines in the film. Chris Sarandon is perfect in his role as the bad guy prince.The plot is rich, with adult innuendos the kids will miss all together and levels of wit to entertain the whole family. The dialogue is full of very funny catch phrases-  many of which are still part of my repertoire more than a decade after I first saw the movie.   If you like dry humor and fast wit, The Princess Bride will make your day.I have owned this video since 1988 and still watch it regularly - it has become my 'sick day' movie because it is such a joy.
good I have heard quite a bit for "Unforgiven", also I want to seen all the best pictures from the 90's. I was also excited to see Morgan Freeman in the cast, so I know now that "Million Dollar Baby" was not Clint and Morgan's first experience together. They work so well as a team and bring nothing but sheer entertainment and charm to movies."Unforgiven" is a very good picture that has a real story and isn't just about "cops and robbers" or "cowboys and Indians". How far would you go for a friend? I loved Will and Ned's friendship so much because you could tell how much they had been through together and Will went back to his old ways in the blink of an eye for his dear friend. I loved watching Will's story through the movie, the first time you see him, he's just so charming and you would never had suspected of his former life of crime, alcohol, and bloodshed. Through the film, you have a lot of doubt for his character if he could go back to his old life despite his promises to his deceased wife. He, the Kid, and Ned go on a trip to kill two cowboys who cut up a prostitute's face for $1,000.00. Together, they learn that this isn't going to be such an easy task when the boys they're hunting down belong to a town where guns and all arms are banned that could lead to a punishment as far as death. But Will gets sick and the Kid and Ned give a lot of talk in killing these cowboys themselves, when Will is just half himself he does the deed himself in killing one of the cowboys. He tells Ned to go back home and he'll take care of the other cowboy, he does so but gets caught and beat to death by the sheriff.The Kid and Clint do the rest of the job by killing the other cowboy and receive their reward by the prostitutes, but Will learns of Ned and goes back into his old habits. What happens next? You'll have to watch yourself. Something that I learned that was interesting, Clint dedicated Unforgiven to Don Siegal and Sergio Leone, two directors who believed in him as a young actor. Unforgive is a remarkable film: methodical, deeply felt, with a devastating emotional and moral impact. It is easily one of the best Western movies. Like I said, it just has such a classic feel to it and you can't help but enjoy it. It seems like Clint might just own Hollywood one day. :) 8/10
good This movie is misunderstood, I'm writing my first review with the hope to increase understanding and appreciation of it. Lose your expectations and watch it as it is, an adventure. Think about the things you see, analyze them. Don't expect to be on the edge of your seat all the time from exciting action, it takes a back seat after the beginning.. which the trailer seems to mostly contain and make a false picture of the film. My opinion.. I try and keep this spoiler free.While perhaps expecting a little more awe scenes, action and insight into the "tomorrowland" society the movie has some very nice scenes. 2/3 into the film it somehow got a bit boring.. but it gets better. Could perhaps have been cut on a place or too, but the scenes were visually pleasing instead. A few confusing aspects here and there like the transition at the end, but who cares? No one has seemed to bother analyzing the philosophical aspects of pre-determination, alternate realities and concepts like our consciousness creating our reality as an reflection of our collective state of mind. The message is a fine one and something to think about our outlook on life.Does all the negativity really serve us? What's the content of news? Only negative stories. Do they encourage you to go out and make a difference or make you depressed and go on with business as usual it is all going to h*ll anyways? But it sells and is a money making mechanism.. It is a bit humorous the extent the level of fear the society in the movie are in and project unto the children and society, connections to our western society can be made too.If you notice these things you will appreciate the hints at secret societies and connections to the "Club 33" in Disneyland too and other goodies like the rivalry between Nikola Tesla and Edison. Nothing too profound or divulging from my understanding but it's there too, Tesla is an under appreciated figure in our history who deserves a lot more recognition.These are the things I brought with me from this movie, and I'm a sucker for scifi, which was what initially attracted me to the film, but it turned out to just be eye candy to boot :) not the main thing about the film.
good  Although it sometimes seems that Hollywood is catering to the lowest common denominator of everything, The Truman Show is proof that there are great ideas that are able to be turned into great movies.  Jim Carrey plays an excellent role as a man with whom you can emphasize as well as be entertained by.  The film's surrealistic nature is frightening when the viewer realizes the legal feasibility in today's society, and it offers a great message about who or what we assume God to be and how He (he?) would react to our personal drives for discovery to challenge a world we treat as an aquarium.  Some things to note and ponder: The way the real-life viewers ignore the real lives of their compatriots and customers while focusing on a false life on screen; whose life is more real and whose is worth living?  Also, note that Christof does not have his name listed among the "real world" in the credits, but in "Christof's World."  His high-profile media-driven life is no different from Truman's!
good I just had to post a review when I saw some of the negative reviews. I have to ask those that posted negatively, did you even watch a whole episode before making a very bad decision to make a negative review?All I can say is that my family LOVES Jessie! My 3 yr old daughter walks around singing "Hey Jessie, Hey Jessie". My 6 yr old son, my wife and myself all love it too. I hate to admit it but when I'm channel surfing once in awhile I find myself purposefully turning the show on. Its a funny, upbeat easy watching type of show. I think some people are taking it way too serious. Remember, it is a show aimed at children. So don't judge the show from an adult perspective.Again, my children and whole family love Jessie!
good I want to say at the very beginning that at the base of this prequel/sequel is a false premise, or a logical fallacy. If one does remember the first movie, there's no way this one can be truly connected to the same story and characters. This is simply a story line that was stretched and contorted so another movie could be created with Charlize Theron as the evil queen and Chris Hemsworth as the huntsman, everything else didn't matter, the producers thought they could get some more money from the struggle between these two and the rest simply had to fit in. I knew that before I went to see this one, and I was practically ready to hate it. I didn't. And once again, the main reason is the acting. To be more precise, it's the three actresses pulling this unlikely story from start to end. Charlize Theron, once again menacing and chilling as the evil queen, with less fragility and less humanity. Which is, in my book the worst fault of this movie: if one does decide to further develop the characters of the first movie, the starting point should've been the origins of Ravena's hate for all men, and of human emotions. The creative team didn't go this way, this in fact made Ravena a two dimensional cartoon. Only Charlize Theron brilliance manages to make her somewhat relatable. Then there's Jessica Chastain as Sara with a performance filled with subtleties and nuances, managing to look like a fierce warrior and still make us feel she has a beating heart in her chest. But both Jessica Chastain and Charlize Theron pale in front of the real standout performance of this film, that's the one of Emily Blunt. The truth is, she does have the best written role in the film, and she carries it and in fact the entire movie all the way through. If only they could do the same for Charlize Theron, this could've been a real something to see. But even as is, the movie is surprisingly engaging and entertaining.
good Don't believe any of The negative reviews. This Is a GOOD Movie! I was amazed to see so many negative reviews about a really good movie. My comment is about not believing comments on IMDb. There has been times when I've read positive reviews about a movie, and the move sucked major ass. Now I read negative reviews about a movie that was really good from beginning to end, and it simply amazes me. That's why I've decided to pay no attention to reviews too much and just watch the film and make my own decision on whether its good or not. There are just too many critics and you just can't rely on what you read. Don't get me wrong, some of the reviews are spot on and I find myself in total agreement with some reviews, but this movie was really awesome. I like when a movie keeps my interest the way Alice through the looking glass did. So for anyone looking for a nice escape from reality, don't go by the negative reviews, give this one look. I promise you will not be disappointed.
good Switch of for 90 mins. Enjoy a movie for what it is. Don't compare to others, criticise, judge or hold a candle. Just watch the movie with no bias and expectations and ask yourself at the end did I like it?I did that and I enjoyed this movie. It made me laugh. Will and Amy were great as the quirky couple who will do anything to make sure their daughter gets a good start in life. The supporting cast were funny and believable (In that zany movie dimension) and I enjoyed the other characters as much as the main cast."Will it win an Oscar?" Hell no... "Will it go down in history?" I doubt it.... "Is it the funniest film ever?" No way.... But give it a try. It's ten thousand times better than most of the garbage that's been released this year.
good  I'm late in discovering the Hong Kong crime thriller genre so I can only compare "Infernal Affairs (Mou gaan dou))" to its Hollywood compatriots. It grippingly is the equal of such intense examinations of the anguish of undercover cops as "Donnie Brascoe" or dirty cops such as "Narc" or "Training Day." Key is the dynamic opposite pairing of two leonine, charismatic actors, Tony Leung Chiu Wai, the self-sacrificing heart throb from "Hero (Ying xiong)" and the languid lover from "In the Mood for Love (Fa yeung nin wa)" here as an antsy, anguished too long undercover cop versus Andy Lau as his crisply efficient, ambitious counterpart. The plot, propelled as well by the music, unpredictably twists and takes hairpin turns from the beginning so that even with helpful flashbacks it's a thrilling roller coaster ride to try to follow the constantly changing loyalties, manipulations, deals and revelations, not unlike the TV series "The Wire." Regardless, you get that the real battle is for the characters' souls as much as their lives and you hold your breath to the last surprising minute. The initial motivations for how the men came to be at this crossroads will doubtless be explored in the prequel and sequel that haven't been released in the U.S. yet. The women are just the girlfriends, but they do have separate lives, jobs and choices that impact the men in their lives. With noted cinematographer Christopher Doyle is listed as a "visual consultant" in the credits, the great bulk of the film takes place at night, like a comparable chase film "Collateral," so it was unfortunate that the print I saw was not pristine. It was also annoying that the subtitles were white on white illegible and that ideograms that are shown in the scene are not translated, even when the camera rests on them for a length of time that makes one assume something significant is written there.
good Imagine a romance where you fall in love with a different person each day. Now, imagine that the being occupying your lover's body is the same being you encountered the day before in a different body. Each day that the spirit of your lover inhabits that body, the original owner is sequestered elsewhere. Afterward, he or she has no memory of this virtual body snatching. "The Vow" director Michael Sucsy's "Every Day" qualifies as something fresh, rewarding, and different from the usual Young Adult fantasy teeming with angst-riddled youth negotiating the obstacle course of love. "Me and Earl and the Dying Girl" scenarist Jess Andrews adapted David Levithan's 2012 novel "Every Day." Since I haven't read the novel, I cannot comment on the film's fidelity to the source material. Unfortunately, neither Sucsy nor Andrews shed light on some of the questions that you cannot help pondering throughout this provocative, 95-minute, PG-13, soaper. Presumably, they saw no point in answering these questions because it would interfere with the buoyant romance that unfolds for Angourie Rice as the girl who experiences love with a different face each day. Mind you, despite the apparent problems that would dog such a relationship, the heroine has no problem finding her lover in his or her's new body. Certainly, "Every Day" embraces the idea that love is more than skin deep. Our heroine finds herself adapting on a daily basis to her lover's choice of bodies, not only racially different, but also sexually different. At times, the heroine's lover appropriates the body of a lesbian or a gay guy. Despite these radical departures, she maintains the relationship without question. No, "Every Day" differs from the conventional Young Adult bathos and indulges itself in ways that heretofore have never been tried. Indeed, it has the sensibility of an indie film with its experimental storyline and its willingness to cross gender boundaries without the standard melodramatics. Angourie Rice is splendid as Rhiannon, and the youthful cast doesn't embarrass itself. The same can be said for the adults who play the parents. The disembodied consciousness known soully as "A" follows a pattern that takes it from teens with few problems to teens with overwhelming woes. The bittersweet ending is a blessing, too, because our heroine learns that you don't always get what you want when you fall in love.
good I expect that Criterion films are of certain importance. They are films that have something unique to offer. Even Armageddon deserves a certain amount of recognition. It documents the way that blockbusters are going nowadays.I can honestly say that I think I understand the importance of Diabolique. The film was most likely incredibly innovative for the time period. I am impressed that the only shots that felt dated were the head-on driving shots, and aside from those, the direction is entirely appropriate. It does not call attention to itself, it has grace, and it is not feel like it has been copied since. The script is tightly written, no lines are wasted.On a personal level, I felt a little disappointed. I figured out the ending very quickly. My father, who would have been 16 when this was released, had no idea the ending was coming at all. The originality of this ending has been sacked by modern thrillers, horrors, and dramas. Regardless of deciphering the ending, this is still worth watching, even for historical purposes.
good  It's not that common people knew John Forbes Nash jr., a Princeton mathematician after he recieved Nobel Prize for his "Game Theory". It's not that people started to know him after Sylvia Nasar wrote his biography. What made John Nash a household name is Ron Howard's brilliant direction and Russell Crowe's excellent performance as the scizophrenic genious.Russell Crowe exceeds all of his past performances in this film. He did not act as Nash, he became Nash. His facial expression while solving a problem, his innocent and shy smile during romantic sequences and his vacant look during the time of scizophrenia are in a word magnificient, and shockingly original. Jennifer Connelly also put a beautiful performance as his devoted wife Alicia. The actings of these two are the core of success of this film. I am still in a dark why Crowe is denied his Oscar for the best actor.Ron Howard changed the original story in some places a bit, but only to make it more enjoyable. His main goal was to feature Nash's point of view to his world and he has succeeded totally. The shot in the cafe` where Nash first understands the significance of the application of his theory is brilliantly taken and is the best example of Howard's genious as a filmmaker. The make-up throughout the film is drop-dead gorgeous as they showed Nash and Alicia aging in the course of the film. Thus the Russell Crowe in the beginning and the Russell Crowe in the end become two different entities due to the superb art of the make-up artists.A Beautiful Mind will be considered one of the best biopics ever. It is dramatic, descriptive, detailed, reflective, enthusiastic, heroic and in all, a beautiful film. 10/10.
good Donnie Darko. My Theory.At the beginning of the film, there is a dinner table scene in which Donnie's sister mentions Donnie's medication. This scene lets us know that he is mentally unstable in some way. This is later described as paranoid schizophrenia.The night the plane crashes into Donnie's house is the 2nd Oct 1988.That night, Donnie gets out of bed and takes a walk. This is where he meets Frank, the giant bunny rabbit.This Frank, the one we see in this scene is in fact a ghost of the Frank we later see shot by Donnie. This ghost has come back through time to give Donnie a choice. He shows Donnie the future, right up until the moment he is sitting at the top of the cliff, watching the tornado (or portal).Everything you see, from the point of Donnie meeting Frank on October 2nd, to the day after halloween (the cliff scene) is in fact a vision that the ghost of Frank is showing him.At one point in the future (in this vision) Donnie is speaking to his science teacher about 'God's channel' and how you can not change the future events, no matter what you do. Donnie realises on the night of 2nd October, whilst Frank is showing him this vision, that what he is seeing (and what we assumed actually happens during the rest of the movie) is 'God's channel'. The ghost of Frank shows him the plane crashing into his house, which in fact happens roughly 6 hours after Donnie has taken his stroll to meet Frank; Donnie meeting Gretchin, the school flooding, Donnie burning Jim Cunnigham's house down, the halloween party, Gretchin being run over and Donnie killing Frank in revenge. Donnie knows that he has 2 choices. He can go back to bed and prevent all the above from happening (as he knows that there is no way to change what the future holds, as it is a pre-decided event), or he can take the path shown to him by Frank (the ghostly apparition).Frank is the only character in this film who engages in any type of 'time travel'. What is shown in the movie, from the moment Donnie first meets Frank, to the cliff scene is something that actually happened in reality, however what we are seeing as the viewers is in fact the vision Donnie is seeing that night (2nd October).Frank has gone back in time to prevent his own death. He knows, that by going back in time (as a ghost) he can let Donnie know what will happen had he gone 'sleep golfing' that night (thus preventing him from being in the house the night of the crash - thus taking the path Frank is showing him).The scene at the end of the film, where Donnie is lying in bed is a replacement to where he goes 'sleep golfing', like an alternate ending.The night he dies in the film (at the end), the 2nd October, is in fact the very same night you see him meet Frank(at the beginning) There is no time travel involved to take Donnie back to that night. The film leads us to believe that Donnie in fact followed 'God's channel' and flooded the school, burnt the house down, etc etc.Let's say that this is what happened before the film we saw started, a kind of prologue.* Donnie meets Frank (the "person", as the film leads you to believe) *Donnie floods school, burns house down, has a halloween party, Gretchin gets killed and Donnie shoots Frank. *Frank as a ghost goes back in time Lets say that all the above happened in a part of the movie we did not see.(the prologue - not included in the film) This is where we see the film starting: *Frank (the "ghost") lures Donnie to the place they first "meet". He tells Donnie all about the things that have happened(as above). Donnie see's it as the future. These were the scenes we saw as actually happening. Donnie in fact, does not go sleep-golfing that night. He goes back to bed.The scene we see at the end of the film, with Donnie in bed, laughing and being killed by the plane is in fact, only 6 hours after we first see him meet Frank.This is what I think actually happened: *Donnie goes sleep walking and meets Frank. Frank shows him the future (the flooding of the school, etc etc) *Donnie prevents this all from happening by going back to bed, thus preventing all the following events.(The following events being the 'vision that Frank's ghost showed him that night, right up until he's back in bed laughing) The whole movie was set in one day. The dates flashing up on the screen, lead us to believe that the movie was progressing in time.However, these dates were just a reference point given to Donnie by Frank, on the 2nd October.If any of this is unclear, please let me know and I will do my best to clarify. Sorry for how long winded this theory is, but it's a pretty hard movie to make sense of.Discuss.
good Lots of negative comments on the ending. So, maybe my expectations were low. But, it wasn't that bad. You know with this kinda film it was going to be dark. Anything else would've been corny. Overall, a pretty decent flick. The actress playing Anna did a great job. Wild that she's actually 26.
good Anytime you are tempted to feel down and out, watch this movie. I personally have seen it many times and are currently reading the book which I highly recommend. I cannot emphasize this enough. This is as down as you can get and still survive. We are taught to be grateful when watching this and to also consider the other guy, whoever he is and at the least, do not add to his burden. Actors are on their game as is the Director. Of course, none of this exists if it wasn't for John Steinbeck and his book. I thought about this movie during the recent Real Estate downturn and what the banks did in real life was indeed captured in this movie way back when. Indifferent, callous, and greedy while practicing their rights leaves one with a bad taste in the mouth and we bailed them out if that isn't the gall of galls. Have something to eat while watching to appreciate that you have food and the people in the movie do not, a tasty drink and a snack which is unheard of back during the depression days will help you connect more to the movie theme. There is humility, gratitude and lessons to be learned while being entertained. Its called a TEN thank you
good  I just watched this movvie and throughout the whole movie i could feel and relate to all the things happening. It is amazing in the way that it really is different from normal-"Hollywood" movies which we have seen so many times before. I love this movie and it is really taking the number one spot for my favorite movie. The movie also made me realise that it is okay to get into fights, but the important part is to work through it and stick together. I cant say how much i love this movie. I am so thankful for stumbling over it.
good this is a surprisingly entertaining movie.it won't win any awards for originality.this plot line has been used several times,sometimes to better effect,sometimes not.as a matter of fact,Charlie Sheen would star in pretty much the same movie,Beyond the Law,one year later(1992).both are comparable efforts.any way,in Stone Cold Brian Bosworth,an ex football player,takes on the role of of the undercover cop.He does a surprisingly admirable job.it's strange that his film career didn't take off,as his acting ability equals(probably surpasses) that of Stallone and Shwarzennegger when they started out.He is certainly better than Van Damme.Lance Henrickson is well cast as the chief bad guy in the film.action abounds in this movie,leaving pretty much no dramatic moments.of course in most movies of this type,there is zero character development,but that can be forgiven in this case.the movie knows what it is and doesn't try to be something it's not.it is pure fun.oh,yeah,i almost forgot.William Forsythe also plays a baddie and is brilliant as always.this is definitely a great way to entertain yourself for 2 hours. 6/10
good  In the 1970s, with the softcore likes of Emmanuelle and The Story Of O in cinemas, it seemed logical, even vaguely admirable from an artistic perspective, that 'Penthouse' emperor Bob Guccione should take a stab at Caligula, a 'porn-epic'. As he loftily told reporters, "X-rated films... are a force that has to be dealt with (and made) part of the establishment." Italian sexploitation king Tinto Brass was hired to direct a screenplay by Gore Vidal. RSC heavyweights Peter O'Toole, John Gielgud and Helen Mirren were cast as those murderous Romans, along with droog-of-the-moment Malcolm McDowell in the title role. This would be a truly groundbreaking picture, a (heavy) breathing Aubrey Beardsley illustration, combining high-art, high-drama and Penthouse Pets placing their ankles behind their ears.It all went terribly wrong. With a trio of emperor-sized egos in bed, the Vidal-Brass-Guccione threesome collapsed under the weight of those old artistic differences. "I want to screw theeez Penthouse!" the anarchic Tinto informed McDowell, who envisaged Caligula as less an insane tyrant than an anarchic revolutionary, hastening the Senate's downfall from the top. Vidal was barred from the set; lawsuits pinged between Italy and the States; and the 'Penthouse' boss, tired of being dry-humped by Brass, finished the film off himself, inserting extra hardcore, willy-nilly, into the edit. "I just tried to survive it" McDowell explained later.The result is utterly unique. One's enjoyment (the word used advisedly) may also depend on which version you're exposed to. The theatrical cut is a badly-dubbed, silly old mess, a third-rate Ken Russell. The uncut version, on the other hand, is a fascinating mess, made strange and mad through sheer licentiousness.McDowell, who's on screen for pretty much the whole picture, is, well, very McDowell: whether coquettishly swiveling in his boots like a doe-eyed Biggus Dickus, quipping like Lurkio in Up Pompeii ("I thought you didn't like virgins," he's chided. "I've never known any," comes the reply) or simply shrieking like a bat.Among other outrages, he has sex with his sister (dead or alive); marries "the most promiscuous woman in Rome" (Mirren); sleeps with his horse; turns the senators wives into prostitutes for an imperial brothel ("A logical way to balance the state budget"); and rapes a virgin bride on her wedding day. And then fists the groom. The fistee is later charged with being "an honest man and therefore a bad Roman, and therefore a traitor". His penis is cut off and fed to the hounds while cackling hags hoist up their togas and urinate on his corpse.You can sort of see what they were trying to do. But it doesn't work. Caligula hiccups from one sorry sequence to the next, seemingly without connective tissue; the whole enlivened, if that's the right word, by repetitive and bewilderingly gratuitous money shots. If you want a picture of the future two hours and 36 minutes, imagine a scrotal sac slapping on a human face forever.Wherever you look, men and women, often in jarringly different film stock, are performing every permutation of straight or gay sex, or vigorously masturbating to issue like glassy-eyed clockwork monkeys. The effect is exactly like watching distinguished thespians politely attempting to ignore a stage invasion at the Old Vic by furiously copulating naturists, right in the middle of a pivotal soliloquy. As if embarrassed, O'Toole bails out early, as does Gielgud. At least for the latter it was a warm-up for Prospero's Books."I had to take my destiny with my own hands," cries Caligula, as everywhere, everyone is taking their own, and other people's, into their hands too. And yet the film - graphic and coy all at once - doesn't work as pornography either. Aside from the interminable zooms, hardcore is generally characterised by static shots, gentle pans and dissolves. Here, an elongated fellatio scene is continually intercut with an extremely camp sequence of soldiers mincing off to war.Elsewhere, some sisters of Sappho have it off for what seems like an eternity, but the jump-cuts and addition of an ethereal chorus with strident orchestration should frustrate even the most determined onanist. During one early tableau, the film - already the cultural equivalent of PT Barnum's Fejee Mermaid - becomes a literal freakshow, featuring a lusty three-eyed woman and a four-handed man. It's about as erotic as a Francis Bacon retrospective.Vidal's defence (pre-Guccione's meddling) was that regardless of whether the events portrayed in the movie were strictly accurate, they were representative of the kind of debauchery the ancient Romans indulged in. (After all, these were the self same people who'd reportedly dug up a frozen dinosaur from northern Europe and cooked and ate it for a feast.) Yet there's probably more historical veracity in Monty Python's Life Of Brian. Roman traitors were almost certainly not buried up to their necks and decapitated by a gigantic moving wall with swirling lawnmower blades, however impressive it looks.Because visually, Caligula is undeniably fabulous: Derek Jarman meets Peter Greenaway and Federico Fellini - the alternative name for the film could well be '8½ Inches'. This may be a bad trip of a movie, dipped in the headache inducing 'deep reds' of Brass's fellow countryman Dario Argento, but here too are Danilo Donati's gorgeously grandiose sets; here are exquisite, hand-crafted larger-than-life sculptures modeled on real Roman artifacts; and everywhere, superbly strange details, rendered almost subliminal, such as a white rat pulling a tiny golden chariot.Except we never get to see any of it properly. At one point, amid all the bump 'n' grind, a man on stilts clops into shot. As he slowly pegs it from one end of the sound stage to the other, you can't help wondering if he's muttering under his breath in Italian, "Yeah, yeah, whatever. What *I* do takes skill, you know?"
good  Agent Clarice Starling is a training FBI agent, hope to work in behavioral sciences with Jack Crawford. Crawford though sends Starling on an assignment, to psychologically exam the insanely intelligent criminal Hannibal Lecter. Crawford had another agenda, to see if Starling can press information out of Lecter to help with the current case of Buffalo Bill. Bill has already killed five girls, skinning off sections of their bodies. Lecter is intrigue by Starling and helps her with the investigation; they start to form a strange friendship.The Silence of the Lambs is one of the best psychological thrillers. Thomas Harris's best selling book is faithfully transfered to the screen. It's one dark twisted disturbing ride. The mood is heighten by Demme's great direction, with such detail in all the sets and locations. Demme has used reflective surfaces wonderfully, during one of Starling's and Lecter's talks it used to great extent. One of the final sequences of Clarice walking through the basement of Bill's house is one of the most suspense full scenes i have ever seen.All the performances are knock outs. Jodie Foster as always brings the goods and makes Starling the most interesting to watch. At times she makes Starling so fragile, then a second later she's strong as steel. Anthony Hopkins is so disturbing as Lecter. From the first second you see Lecter standing in his cell; just waiting for Starling to show, you can see Hopkins was perfect casting. You cant keep your eyes off Lecter, he's so disturbing and can make your skin crawl every time he speaks. Ted Levine makes the perfect serial killer, you can see from Levine's performance what a torn and damaged soul the killer is; you feel somewhat sympathetic for him.The Silence of the Lambs is a must see, one of the best thrillers you'll ever see.
good 6 balloons is about Kathy (played by Abbi Jacobson) finding out that her brother Seth (played by Dave Franco) has relapsed in his heroin addiction and this just before organizing a birthday party for her husband. It's a believable drama about dealing with a junkie in the family. Well almost believable. You can see his suffering while going cold turkey and her suffering with the dilemma between helping her brother score drugs or bringing him to a rehabilitation center instead. The suffering is believable, but for a hardcore junkie they could have said something about the constant lying, about the stealing, and about the physical signs of deterioration due to addiction. He looked well to clean to pass as a heroin addict. The acting was good, the story also, but it could have used a bit more drama to me to make it more real. Good enough to watch once though.
good This satirical masterpiece is considered, by experts, to be one of the greatest movies ever made. This website ranks it 197 out of the top 250 movies ever created. AFI (American Film Institure) ranks "Network" one of the top 100 American films (#66) to ever be produced. The phrase "I'm as mad as Hell, and I'm not going to take it anymore" is ranked the 19th most famous quote ever, in the history of the cinema by AFI. Last, but certainly not least, the script for "Network" is rated as the eighth best script ever written, according to discerning critics of the Writer's Guild of America East. This last accolade is one for which I wholeheartedly concur with. Originally, the film "Network", was inspired by an incident which involved a possible corporate takeover of the ABC News Division back in 1970. The entire matter of a corporate takeover of a network news division initiated an outburst of creative genius from Paddy Chaefsky (The writer of "Network") to address the dubious repercussions of such a corporate megalomaniac's scenario. Should a corporation take over a major network's news division, the ultimate goal of huge profits would compromise the journalistic integrity of the news, as well as the news' tenacious objective for hard bitten accuracy! The film "Network" became a cult sensation which fascinated the movie audience. The traumas of terrorism and apocalyptic catastrophe are reduced to numbers on a conceptualization analysis chart which crossed the table of a Madison Avenue boardroom! Their degree of doom and despair is measured in terms of marketability potential! Tummultuous radicalism became relegated to the mundane process of contractual consent decree. Basically, Howard Beale was a deteriorating news anchorman for UBS whose neurotic compulsions escalated into a Nielson ratings bonanza. Within the realm of exaggeration, all occurrences in this movie were acrimoniously plausible! The unprecedented talent in "Network" is unbelievable. Sidney Lumet, was a director who was driven by the uncompromising efforts of New York Theatre. Peter Finch, and Faye Dunaway, were performers who had an enormous amount of theatrical experience, this was advantageous to the support of their roles in "Network". Other performers in this film, William Holden, and Robert Duvall, were actors who were known for their straight shooter intensity, and, their ability to cogently focus! "Network" was a film which depicted a bevy of left wing coups and wanted criminals to be an auspiciously cunning carnival show for caricatured reprobates. Each character in the movie had their own brand of emotions; William Holden (Max Schumaker) was always afflicted with one sordid conundrum after another,this always left him ethically challenged. His wife, (Beatrice Straight- Who won an Academy Award for best supporting actress with her character)played the part of the proverbially injured party.Peter Finch,(Howard Beale) who won the Oscar (posthumously) for best actor with this role, became an overnight pop culture icon who was perpetually agitated. Howard Beale belonged in one of three places, Bellvue, Believe it or Not, or, the third one, which wound up being his choice; Prime Time Television. Robert Duvall (Frank Hackett) was the corporate yes man who thought everything could conform to a Fortune 500 pie chart. Ned Beaty, (Arthur Jensen) was the dictatorial disciple who explained to all parties involved that euphemistic phraseology and showbiz buzz words were simplistic subterfuges which corporations used to accommodate their precarious quest for the almighty dollar. Finally, Faye Dunaway, (Diana Christensen) was the television induced purveyor for ratings popularity.. For her, corporate callousness was a by product of lucrative business decisions. Faye Dunaway's performance as Diana Christensen was perhaps the single greatest performance that I have ever seen in any movie whatsoever. A performance like this, has the potential to spoil the writers of a movie script! Such esoteric dialog that "Network" possessed, straddles the fence of liability which can be made or broken on a performer's delivery. Such a stellar delivery of the lines in this movie, by Faye Dunaway, could very well be perceived as a windfall of reassurance to the writers, directors and produces of this film. Suffice it to say, Faye Dunaway won for best actress in 1976 with her role in "Network". The single greatest attribute which an actor or actress can garner with a part, is the quality of having a totally comprehensive control of the part in which they are playing.(Prime examples of actors with this quality are Al Pacino and Kevin Spacey) Faye Dunaway's performance in "Network" indeed, epitomizes such a remarkable feat! The ability to detach yourself from the mechanical persona which you have assumed in a movie, cultivates a zenith in professionalism, with it, emanates an idealistic state of mind! This performer's dichotomous isolation establishes a necessary bluntness for their character, thus making it easier for that character to be effectively entertaining! Faye Dunaway's portrayal of Diana Christensen was one whereby the utterly heartfelt responses of a human being were very derivative for her, realizing that, she confined herself to her work. The fact that she was impervious to compassion, devoid of vulnerability, and "insensitive to joy", was what made Diana Christensen's stilted demeanor vicariously devastating to any decent individual with whom she encountered! Director, Sidney Lumet, was vehement about requiring that the character of Diana Christensen remain academically ruthless all throughout the entire film. His purpose for doing this was to see to it that she would purport an essential mass media concept which made this movie extremely powerful. This omnipotent concept advocated a sub humanoid philosophy that unfortunately establishes rudimentary ground rules for the disconcerting and virulent world of television. This film was spectacular! Why "Network" lost out for best picture to "Rocky" is very inconceivable to me! Paddy Chaefsky and Sidney Lumet were brilliant! All of the actors and actresses were magnificent!! The fact that it did not win for best picture in 1976, leaves me with only one thing to say: "I'm as mad as Hell, and I'm not going to take it anymore!!"
good  It's one of those films which really affect you deep. The movie somehow makes ordinary places, ordinary people and ordinary events become interesting. I think it's due to the way Cagan Irmak (writer and director) cleverly and carefully blends everything. The movie is definitely not like a Hollywood production, maybe more like a European film. The film has many enjoyable moments but it's mainly emotional. The actings are magnificent, the story is heart-breaking and the places are so real. All performances were remarkable, but I should say I was over impressed by Cetin Tekindor's (Huseyin Aga) acting. While the bitter truths about life and family relations are portrayed perfectly, the movie also reflects life from the innocent eyes of a child. Personally, the local rural village life took me back to my some good memories. There is no need to tell what happens in the film as enough is said in the plot summary. More would only spoil it. But, it should be noted that even though the plot may sound political, the film is actually not.The movie came out without much advertising, but in short time became very popular - won many awards in Turkey and some in Europe. Not much to say... brilliant work. If you haven't seen it, I advise you watch it whenever possible. If you don't feel like crying in this movie, you will feel sorry for yourself.
good  One of the best sequels to ever grace the silver screen. Rarely do sequels top their predecessor, and Jaws 2 is no exception, yet this is a great movie. The soundtrack alone is reason enough to watch this film. John Williams once again proves why he is the best in Holly Wood. The Harp played at beginning of the film is both beautiful and chilling. The story is solid; a Great White Shark terrorizes the people of Amity Island 4 years after the events of the first movie. You pretty much know what to expect if you saw the first film, people are going to get eaten. Yet it is the characters that draw you in, Roy Scheider is once again great as Police Chief Brody. The cast is excellent and believable. This is the perfect movie to watch on a summer night while visiting the coast. After watching, wait a few hours before swimming though.
good I'm going to do this short and sweet: This film starts out like an episode of "True Detective" or "Touching Evil", and then as it comes down to the final inning, shifts into a beautifully paced and developed revelation, that is truly unexpected and chilling. Charlize Theron, as always, is amazing. Her performance here has the intensity of both "Monster" and "North Country, " and she gets great support from the supporting cast. Ignore negative reviews. This is a film that you need to see and then make an opinion about. For me, this was a very satisfying and effective movie that deserved far more accolades than it has received. After viewing "Dark Places", It is hard for me to comprehend that it is not receiving a positive buzz right now. After being somewhat disappointed with "Goodnight Mommy" and seriously disappointed with "It Follows," "Dark Places" is a thriller that actually thrills. Bottom line" you need to see it!
good One of the reasons that the late 60s/early 70s was such a powerful era in filmmaking is the emergence of the anti-hero (defined as an individual with heroic qualities, but not in a position we would usually find a hero).  This is symbolized greatly in `Cool Hand Luke'.  We can identify with Luke because his crime is venial and his concerns over the great questions of life are ours.  It is because of this and his persuasive charm that the other prisoners (played remarkably well by Kennedy and a host of others to include Wayne Rogers, Ralph Waite, Dennis Hopper and one of the actors who played a crewmember on `Alien') live vicariously through him.Filled with memorable scenes (the boxing match, 50 eggs, the fealty of his fellow prisoners who help him finish his food after his stomach is shrunk in solitary confinement, `shakin' it here boss', the sneezing dogs, and of course the carwash part) and outstanding character development (created by what is said and what is not said, i.e. the visiting brother), one of screen history's most repeated lines and the great acting of Newman, this movie deserves to be called a classic.  Released the same year as `Bonnie and Clyde', it makes one long for the days when you needed a real script to make a movie.
good A rough and radical history film about the hijacking of the Air France flight in the late 70s. The story is told mostly out of the perspective of two of the terrorist, who were german and part of the Baader-Meinhof complex. Daniel Brühl plays the leade who more and more questions what is happening and actually realizes they did a mistake. Rosamund Pike plays his partner who uses the mission to prove herself as a radical. Pike plays a german character. Her accent at first is a bit weird but it improves during the film a lot. Generally she delivers a good performance but besides one of her last scenes (the phone scene) she was rather a bit one-dimensional and underused. Daniel Brühl's character is better written and Brühl delivers a fine and thoughtful performance. Eddie Marsan had just one facial expression and tone of voice during the whole film. He can do better. Jose Padilha was delves a fine direction. Especially the mixture with the symbolic dance scenes which served as a metaphor were amazing. You felt a bit bad to associate with the two leads and actuallly feel slight sympathy. Also there were some little lengths. But all in all its a pretty good film with a topic that once again is just as relevant as it was back in 1976....
good I know most people who love PRIDE AND PREJUDICE by Jane Austen are furious about this movie even existing, let alone being successful. But I actually liked it a lot!I know the original classic fairly well (I'm a former high school English teacher and a current college librarian) and I was astonished almost from the very beginning at how much of the dialogue comes direct from Jane Austen's novel. All of the issues that really matter and the conflicts that draw the reader into the novel are still very much alive in the movie. It's just that they are juxtaposed against the horror of the walking dead. I can't say enough about the good looking young (and not so young) cast members. I was absolutely blown away by how seriously Lily James and Sam Riley took the relationship between Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy. Both of them are so skilled at projecting courage and integrity combined with deep feelings and hidden pain. They never seem silly even when they're doing very silly things, i.e. cutting each others' clothes to bits in a sword fight. Bella Heathcote and Douglas Booth as Jane Bennett and Mr. Bingley are almost as good, and I have to say, visually they are absolutely perfect as the characters from Jane Austen's novel. And the supporting players are absolutely outstanding! You just cannot go wrong with Charles Dance as Mr. Bennett. His performance is exactly what you would hope for in a serious adaptation. Though that's true of every actor in the cast, really. Lena Headey is an exquisite Lady Catherine DeBurgh, though her character is ultimately just a little more sympathetic towards Elizabeth than she is in the novel. Even Jack Huston, who has been a hero of mine ever since his epic role as disfigured World War One veteran Richard Harrow in BOARDWALK EMPIRE, is an effective villain as Mr. Wickham. Best of all is Matt Smith, who takes the thankless role of the hateful Mr. Collins and turns it into an irresistible Peter Sellers style comic explosion. He's that good. Let's face it, a Jane Austen zombie movie is not for everyone. But if you're willing to be open minded and you enjoy great acting, comedy and romance, this just might be for you. The sword fights are exciting, the love scenes (including the arguments) are authentically romantic, and the blood and guts are never really that gross. Oh, and if you do go and see the movie, make sure to stay through the closing credits, because the last joke of the film is really the best!
good CATCH ME IF YOU CAN (2002) **** Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hanks, Christopher Walken, Martin Sheen, Nathalie Baye, Amy Adams, James Brolin, Frank John Hughes, Brian Howe, John Finn, Jennifer Garner.  DiCaprio gives a grandly charming performance as Frank Abagnale, Jr. a teenager who adopted the professional guises of airplane pilot, physician and lawyer to front his check kiting schematic modus operandi during the 1960s and eventually making the FBI's most wanted list by bilking millions until his capture and imprisonment.  Based on Abagnale's best-selling memoir and adapted with lean storytelling by Jeff Nathanson, the film never lets up in the giddy cat-and-mouse/Road Runner/Wile E. Coyote relationship between fugitive DiCaprio and amalgamated FBI square Hanks (replete with thick as clam chowder Boston accent, dorky specs and porkpie hat) one step behind his two-steps ahead prey and a unique dynamic of a father/son esthetic.  Walken gives an Oscar worthy supporting turn as the elder Abagnale whose financial woes and tanglement with the IRS acts as his son's catalyst.  Once again filmmaker Steven Spielberg makes popular entertainment into a work of art.
good  This was absolutely amazing... the trailer made it seem like a stereotypical "boy meets girl, etc." story... but from the beginning to the end, the movie rotated from a past and present time-line, only proving in the end that time itself was twisted the entire movie - giving us viewers an extremely well written and original plot. The chemistry between the characters, development, music, pacing, animation, everything was absolutely in chorus in the most beautiful way. I cannot even compare this to Studio Ghibli films, not because it's better or not as good, but because it is just a movie of its own caliber. Studio Ghibli films were a lot more fictional, fantasy, and imaginative - free formed and had its own flow. Kimi no Na Wa was cleverly planned out from the first minute to the last, logical, balanced, yet just as if not more breathtaking.
good  My wife and I watched this movie on Valentines Day. The way we decided on this movie was that we watched trailers for all the movies in our theater and this one stood out by far as the best.Once we started watching this movie I realized that this actually was gonna be a good pick for Valentines Day. It was a very well done Romantic-Comedy. I was just suspecting a full out comedy but was happy that the movie was the way it was even though I normally dislike most R-C's.The cast worked excellent together. Sandler was funny as usual and meshed very well with Jennifer Aniston. Nick Swardson is always a funny guy and lives up to that in this movie. Brooklyn Decker played her part to a tee, and the children added just the right touch to every scene they were in.This movie was a winner in my book. I am usually much more critical but there was just something about it. I will be at least renting when this comes out on DVD/Blu-Ray. Who knows...maybe i'll spend the $20 and buy this one. Go see it! You won't regret.
good Truly an impressive horror movie stand-alone let alone for Netflix release. This was the best horror movie I've seen in quite some time for the following reasons: full of suspense, rich character development and psychologically thrilling- the sprinkles of gore are that much scarier because of the build up. Did not see the ending coming and as many will say the ending was poor, I would disagree- how else would it of ended? Throughly enjoyed this film and will now look for more from this director I liked it that much! Watch it!
good An unknown title, by an unknown director, starring an unknown lead, what does that form? Only one of the best damn dramas of this century to date. Inspiring, intense, reverent, Damien Chazelle's jazz-infused drama is an incredibly complex character study that has newcomer Miles Teller and veteran J.K. Simmons at the top of their game in this brilliant effort, 'Whiplash' is arguably the most riveting and sensational drama from 2014.J.K. Simmons stars as antihero Terence Fletcher, a character we look at as the opportunity of Andrew's success, but also we hate for his brutal portrayal. From his profanity-clad embodiment of evil to the ever-hopeful light at the end of the film, we go through stages of loving, hating and even fearing him, a character who despite his occasional moments of sympathy, cares solely about the outcome of his orchestra, and shuns away anyone who tries to destroy that. Simmons's performance is flawless and breathless, a truly resonant achievement, and one of the most Oscar-deserving performances of recent years.The gold and black colour palette, fast-paced editing, fluent and claustrophobic cinematography - every single component adds a fresh face to 21st century cinema and independent films as a whole, further supporting my conclusion that indie films have overtaken blockbusters for the provision of unique visions and entertainment. Chazelle's effort pays off as he creates not only one of the greatest villains of the 21st century in the form of Fletcher, but also one of the greatest movies of the 21st century, if not of all time, through which he rekindled the dying flame that is jazz.The fusion of emotions throughout make this a film that thrusts the audience into a world of obsession, dedication and confrontation, thus ensuing a tale of inspiration, a man and his dreams of becoming a "somebody", and to conclude, let's just note that final drum solo and sense of rebellion Andrew feels, it is utter gold, truly perfect. This movie is powerful, it is intense, it is unique, it is a stunning masterpiece!
good  Don Lockwood (Gene Kelly) and Lina Lamont (Jean Hagen) are a famed Hollywood duo, making films at the tail end of the silent era. The studio has been issuing PR suggesting that they're a romantic item. In reality, they can barely stand one another. One night, while on the town with his best friend Cosmo Brown (Donald O' Connor), Lockwood has to run to escape fans who want a piece of him badly enough that they'll literally rip his clothes to shreds. He hops over a number of moving vehicles and ends up in the passenger seat of Kathy Selden's (Debbie Reynolds) car. Lockwood seems immediately taken with her, but she gives him the cold shoulder. She says she's an actress with a love of theater, and she looks down on film acting. Later, Lockwood discovers that she was inflating the truth a bit, as he sees Selden performing as a cute song & dance girl at an industry party he's attending. She runs out of the party and Lockwood chases after her, but he's too late. While he tries to track her down, he, Lamont and their studio have to deal with the changing nature of film in 1927--made much more difficult by the fact that Lamont may look glamorous, but she talks more like Fran Drescher in "The Nanny" (1993).Aside from the more serious aspects of the plot, Singing in the Rain is a great success as a romance and a musical. It also has an astoundingly rich Technicolor look, and it is charmingly humorous. Kelly and Reynolds click on screen, even if offscreen Kelly, who also co-directed and co-choreographed, was famously difficult to work with--he drove Reynolds so hard (she was a much more inexperienced dancer) that her feet literally started bleeding at one point. The songs are great, they're worked into the story well--which is perhaps surprising given that most of them weren't written specifically for this film--and the choreography is impeccable, frequently jaw dropping and always aesthetically wondrous and sublime. If for nothing else, the film is worth a look for its often-athletic dance numbers, which can resemble Jackie Chan's showy martial arts stunts as much as dancing. It's also imperative viewing for cultural literacy in the realm of film.But the more serious aspects of the plot are fascinating as well. In a significant way, Singing in the Rain is about film technology. Film technology is the hinge of the plot, after all. The climax and dénouement are decided by the advent of synchronized sound in the film industry. We see studio head R.F. Simpson (Millard Mitchell) demonstrating sound films at the party where Lockwood sees Selden for the second time, providing two big turning points at once. There are sequences of actors heading off to diction coaches, as happened in reality once sound entered the scene, and also in reality as in the film some actor's careers were jeopardized by having to suddenly master a new skill.But Singing in the Rain is about technology on another level, too. Kelly and co-director Stanley Donen go to great lengths to ensure that the film is an exemplar of state-of-the-art film technology in 1952. For example, the beautiful Technicolor cinematography is emphasized by the fabulously colorful costumes and production design--they're showing off cutting edge color. The sound is as good as it could be in 1952, and the fact that this is a musical helps show that off. The sets and effects are complex and an attempt is made to show them off as well.Donen and Kelly often play up the artificiality of the sets and effects to emphasize artistry and technology. This is clearly shown in the "Make 'Em Laugh" sequence (and surrounding events) and the extended "Broadway Rhythm Ballet" sequence with Cyd Charisse. Showing off this artistry and technology also occurs very subtly, as with the rain in the "Singing in the Rain" sequence. Even today, rain machines are frequently employed in a way that it appears to be raining on film, but in reality, it's just enough coverage to produce the illusion. In the "Singing in the Rain" sequence, they make sure that you can see the whole area is getting flooded, and they use Gene Kelly's umbrella, as torrents of water bounce off of it, to emphasize that no matter where he goes, "rain" is pouring down on him.While there are many musicals I like as much as Singing in The Rain, this is one of the better-loved examples of that genre, and for good reason. Any musical lover has surely seen this already, and if not, they should run out now and pick it up on DVD. If you're relatively unfamiliar with classic Hollywood musicals, this is one of the best places to start.
good It's quite possible that they cast Kevin Hart and Dwayne Johnson just to make "Little Hart, Big Johnson" pun. As far as buddy cop goes, this contrasting nature can provide some chuckles, however the espionage them might not hit all the marks. Still, there are significant amount of scenes where laughter is secured by sheer timely body language and jokes alone.Dwayne Johnson plays as Bob, a CIA agent who tries to reach out to his old friend. This escalates into a chase for secret files and national security. The way Bob is presented relies heavily on juvenile gag and demeanor despite his imposing physique, this is fun at first but it hampers the credibility as an agent. The movie wants to add some bullying subplot which is commendable, although it doesn't have the depth to accommodate it.Kevin Hart is excellent in creating reactions and gestures. He's surprisingly identifiable with high school nostalgia and occasional self-doubt. Many of the good moments come from his outbursts and babbling. The script has a few nifty pop references and sometimes even witty gags, so the comedy is not just slapstick throughout and undermines the "intelligence" in the title.There are serious undertones of adult life or self-acceptance even though they are not fully fleshed out. Action is pretty light, it's passable without being too demanding. The most important thing is it's enjoyable. Sure, there are a few awkward moments, yet they make the best out of it to present a light humorous spectacle, a better buddy cop gimmick than expected.
good  When you talk about Back to the Future, you have to talk about the whole trilogy. Because Zemeckis and Gale didn't make sequels they extended the length of one film, which is very different than a sequel.The ultimate film must allow the audience feel part of the film and relate to the characters. This film is the best because it takes a fantasy story and makes it adaptable to real-life. I don't know how soon anyone will be able to time-travel, but you can relate to Marty McFly's (Michael J. Fox) reaction to the change. Even if you're not a teenager you can believe it in someway. Back to the Future is the perfect and its been extended into a masterpiece with 2 sequels or extensions as I see it. Definitely a must see, if your pathetic enough not to have seen in at least the last 8 years.Amazing story by Gale and Zemeckis. Great acting especially by Michael J. Fox, but also great work by Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson and Tom Wilson. Such an exciting an involved story.
good This movie is hardly a scene-by-scene account of Brian De Palma brilliantly 'Carrie'. Yes, it impossible not to compare any remake to its original version, especially when the original is considered a classic. It is sad that with these days' shortage of originality, even a seemingly talented director such as Kimberly Peirce, succumbs to the commercial appeal of movie-making in the sole interest of monetary gain resulting in watered-down quality. Well, I'm not even sure if this movie will make its money back, given the mediocrity in all aspects of its quality. But then again, there are a lot of junks out there that make tons of money. All the efforts for the reimagining, whether it be an attempt to create a franchise or sequel or to modernize the narrative has totally undermined the essence of this otherwise compelling story. The destructiveness of social isolation, religious fanaticism, BULLYING, to name a few, underlined in Stephen King's novel were in no way conveyed effectively in this movie. There is a lack of connection in Moretz's performance and  she is unconvincing as a socially deprived and awkward girl. Julianna Moore as always delivers a competent performance.  But she can only carry the movie so far. As talented as Moretz is, she is a miscast for this movie.  As such, the movie is moderately entertaining at best.
good  As one can probably imagine, a film with an 8,5 out of 10 (with 4.356 votes) ranking at number 130 of the IMDb's top 250 has few naysayers. There are some there however and I've taken the trouble to read them. What I think is sort of funny, is that many of the critique that is placed is utterly stupid. One person actually goes so far as to say that the film: "doesn't manage to escape the formulaic Hollywood feel-good story of the hero who wins out in the end. This typical treatment may be fine for other topics, but Rwanda was a real genocide, and this tragedy should not be treated as the playground of 'based on a true story' movies." This is I feel a very feeble critique. This is not a film about the Rwandan genocide as is was, but a film about the events Paul Rusesabagina witnessed. He cannot help the fact that he didn't get to see much of the genocide and that he and his family survived in the end. Or maybe flat6 (the writer) thinks they should have just killed Rusesabagina off in the film, which certainly would have been more dramatic, but much less true. Also, doesn't this criticism mean that Schindler's List is a bad film as well? Another writer, imdb-45 states that: "The film gives no treatment as to the reason for the hatred between the two sects of African black people and concentrates virtually on a man's heroic attempt to save people in a hotel, many of which are would-be victims of the genocide." If I'm not mistaken, the reason for the hatred is actually clearly outline in a conversation between Paul Rusesabagina (Don Cheadle), Jack (Joaquin Phoenix) and a local African journalist. I mean I am no expert on the subject, but it seemed pretty clear to me (if that was the whole of it). Basically it was just like WW 2, based on race, an African holocaust so to speak (although less organized and without the concentration camps as far as I know).The same author states that: "there is an awkward product plug for Volkswagon that ruins a genuinely amusing moment. There are product plugs for several different alcohol beverages that don't quite feel right." Well, sorry but in reality people use product and brand names on a daily basis. So why not in a film? Because than it is advertising? If you recommend a brand of beer to your friends it is also advertising in a way, although on a much smaller scale.Someone else, fooltank77, states that the film doesn't say what happened after the genocide. While that is true, it isn't a flaw. This is the story of Paul Rusesabagina and his family and what happened tot hem during the genocide. The rest is nothing of the films concern. Also, everybody who watches the news occasionally or reads the paper knows that it is far from peaceful down there even now. Do you need to have everything presented to you? Personally I felt that this was a very impressing and good film. The performances and the directing were great and despite the fact that the film didn't show much of the slaughter, it was emotionally unsettling enough. I was especially astounded by the fact that the UN did so little to help. I knew that there wasn't much interference, but the fact that there was virtually no help at all just goes to show that Africa is just too far away for the rich and distant countries to worry. I daresay that the events in the film made me almost ashamed to be living in one of those rich UN countries.I feel that if you actually go to see this film and expect it to be an individual tale within a massive cultural slaughter, you will come to accept that this film has it's boundaries and doesn't show everything that happened before , during or after the genocide. Demanding that and claiming the film is bad because it doesn't give you everything there is, would be like saying Schindler's list is bad, because it didn't show the political situation in Germany in the beginning of the 1930's, how Hitler gained his power, what happened in Stalingrad, what Dr.Mengele did during medical experiments on Jews or the killing of the moffen-hoeren (women who had sex with Germans during WW 2) in the Netherlands after the war. My point here is that a film like Schindler's list doesn't actually have as much background info as is demanded of this film by some viewers. It is just that we (in the western world) now much more about WW 2 than we do of a distant African genocide. Also there is so much suffering when something like this occurs and one film can not show it all. All it can do is show us parts of the tragedy and maybe inspire viewers to try and find out more about it. Giving a complete picture of such a tragedy is like completing a puzzle. Bear in mind that this is only the first piecehopefully.8 out of 10
good Eskiya is another one of the films recently produced by Turkish filmmakers. The film is generally dubbed as "the best of what the Turkish filmmakers have produced so far" but actually fails to fulfill its promises. If you just want to have nice time watching a movie... go ahead, Eskiya will not disappoint you. However if you have a sharp and critical eye in terms art and cinema you will surely wonder why this movie does not do any social criticism (or does pseudo-criticism). The point is, apart from the fact that it is a good movie anyway, the very title of the movie gives the impression that it is about the southeast problem and mainly on the terror issue -a taboo subject for Turkish art world. However as the film develops it is seen that other than the typical story of east-to-west immigration and problems of Turkish urbanization (ghettoism, mafia and organized crime, dreams of the slums etc.) there is not the slightest information of the southeast terrorism which caused  more than 30,000 official casualties. It seems as if we the Turks will continue to watch and like those re-makes and modernizations of old tales of Kerem and Asli, Ferhat ile Sirin. Eskiya is good as it is another typical eastern tale of platonic love and the quest of a dedicated lover. But surely it is not the story of what Turkey has experienced between 1984 and 2000. The film avoids "the" problem of southeast and continues the ages-old presumption that the only reason for these people to come to Istanbul is that they just lost their village and lands. Nevertheless I just celebrate the director and Sener Sen for their significant performances. Don't expect realistic depiction of the 90's Turkey but you will surely have nice time....
good  Buster Keaton has cajones the size of watermelons. This isn't just to say in the stunts that he executes- sometimes, apparently, to great physical and personal risk- are at big comic peril, but that he's fearless with what he wants to try as a filmmaker and scenarist. Jokes that I thought would never really be fresh are taken in 1924 in ways I didn't think could be funny, but are. Take a small bit where Keaton's character (one of them, anyway) plans to sabotage a nefarious guy with a slip on the banana peel. For a moment this is groan-inducing, but watching how it's executed it becomes something really, really gut-busting. There are little bits like that, and then those huge scenes of choreographed mayhem: a blast by water after hanging off of a moving train, a chase through a town that includes a sudden chance of a road connected, jumps through small holes and windows at the nick of time that are half pure Keaton and half exciting editing.And then Keaton himself, usually a little guy looking shy and quiet and a dreamer in the greatest cinematic sense (this was one of the first, if not the first, films to have a character go into a movie-world right through the screen), and he's always incredibly subtle but not ever lacking appropriate comic timing. And in Sherlock Jr he operates wonderfully on two wavelengths: one is as the character just trying to hold the girl's hand on the couch without much embarrassment, and the other is as the title character, going up in peculiar fashion up to everyone in the room (as is one of the listed things "to do" as a detective) and suave with things like an explosive 13 ball on the pool table. Keaton is, as Ebert noticed, the one little guy wandering around in the chaos. Only this time, in such a short running time for a feature (it's just a few minutes short of being a short film), Keaton crams as much as he can to perfect effect.Sherlock Jr should be seen by just about anyone looking for a great example of pure silent-comedy hijinks and stunt work; what Jackie Chan might be for martial arts Buster Keaton is to a crazy pratfall, and you often can't entirely believe it's the guy on screen doing what's being done. And it's also, alongside Steamboat Bill Jr and The General, examples of how Keaton could be an exemplary filmmaker, someone who took film technique and shook it up just a bit (if, admittedly, more-so than Chaplin as just director if not quite as a star), while sticking faithfully to comedy and heart-tugging moments. And if you're tuned into the mania and well-oiled machine of the stunt sequences and classic chase climax it's as pleasurable as anything in comedy history, nevermind just silent film. Make sure, by the way, to watch the Kino version (at least the one on VHS which I saw) to see one of the most enjoyably strange scores for a silent film- there's even the blues hit You Got to Move at one point!
good  This was an exciting movie, it had all the good action needed. It stars Brian Bosworth as an Alabama police officer who is sitting on a three week suspension. Now he's being (Sort of) "Blackmailed" by the FBI if he doesn't agree to go undercover in a Mississippi biker gang, they will turn his suspension into six months (Without Pay). He eventually agrees, and enters the "Devil's Playground" with some seriously bad dudes! Anyway, most of these bikers don't trust him but, he catches the eye of the gang leader "Chains Cooper" played by Lance Henriksen. I think he was pretty good in this part! He starts gaining trust with some of them,Except the savage "Ice Hensley" played by William Forsythe. Now he played the real rough,tough bad guy in this film! Eventually Boz realizes he is in over his head, but must see this through without giving up his Identity, but that turns out exactly what happens and they use in for a diversion for "D-Day" That's when they strike back, but of course you know that Boz is not going to give up without a fight!. Hs gets loose, makes alot of noise and kills everyone. The movie never really slows down, but it does have some flaws, But doesn't every movie? All in all this is the best Bosworth movie out there. I have seen all his movies and I'd have to rule this one the best!. So if your into Bikers,Guns,Fights,and total F***ing destruction this is your movie! Make your own decision on this film, don't let your friends make it for you!!!
good  A cool idea and great performances, especially Britt and Gary, OK, Asa's performance was exaggerated (but that was his role), and you can see the quality of this young man.A teenage romance? Yes, that's beautiful, it's a beautiful story that no one, no matter how old are you, will not be happy to see and feel again. This is a good and beautiful movie... has its fun moments, a sort of action, romance without being cloying, and a great message of love and search beyond boundaries.In addition, it has many really beautiful images of earth and mars (real or CGI; but very good worked).Spoiler: Do not let the error in communications be a factor for the complaint ... it's the fiction role.
good  When I first saw this movie I didn't appreciate it like I do now. I think it may have been because I was so young when I first saw it. Just recently I saw the movie again. What an amazing story and moving meaning. That movie teaches you so much about life and the meaning of it. That life isn't as bad as most people make it seem. That an innocent man can impact so many lives with his innocence. The meaning of the movie to me is that everyone needs to have a better outlook on life. That we need to appreciate more of the little things and not let the big things hold us back. That truly although life may throw us trials and tribulations like a box of chocolates but that we have to just bite into it and get through it even if we don't like it. That we all need to hold true to our values and not sink into a place that feels like there's no hope... I just love this movie. And anyone who hasn't seen it or who thinks that don't like it I seriously suggest seeing it or seeing it again. It truly is amazing...
good  I got a chance to see 'Batman Begins' just this past Friday evening. I must say that before seeing the film, I felt in my heart this is the 'Batman' film we've been waiting for. Within ten minutes into the movie, I turned to my date and said to her, "This is it! This is the movie!" I just can't believe that after all these years, Warner Bros. finally got it right. For me the most intriguing part of the film, apart from the great script, and great acting, was Christopher Nolan's decision to base the film in reality. Deciding that Batman could really exist in our universe and our world was a stroke of genius. Another aspect of the film that's so refreshing is that instead of the focus being on the villain, Batman is the film's star. And rightly so. It's amazing what can happen when a studio leaves a respected director, and the creative team alone, and allow them to make the best movie possible. The only two negatives that I can think of is Katie Holmes and the fight sequences. Holmes does indeed look like a teenager playing grown-up. Her performance isn't bad per SE, it's just that you really don't buy her as an Assistant D.A. As for the fight sequences, I felt the cameras angles were too tight on the action, edited too quickly, and lit too dark so that you really couldn't tell what was going on and determine who was hitting who. Maybe we can attribute this to the fact that Nolan is not an action director. Hopefully the next film will open up the fight sequences so we can actually see Batman use the martial arts skills he developed during his exile. But apart from those relatively minor quibbles, the film is excellent, and I'm definitely going back on opening day June 15th, and seeing it a second time. A third and fourth viewing is definitely not out of the question.
good  I just saw the screener in the theater and was amazed. I am the kind of person that has never liked science fiction movies. I have tried all the famous movies in this genre, like Star Wars, The Matrix and A Space Odyssey and hated all of them. Next to me in the theater were a couple of Sci-fi-lovers and they loved Wall-E beyond belief. I did too, however. Wall-E is: A) A great story B) Packed with fun and humor C) Built up with memorable characters D) Fun for all ages E) Revolutionary in animation techniques The world Pixar creates is so credible, you forget it is animation. Thumbs up for Wall-E as well, he is such a cute and adorable character, you will fall in love with him immediately. I loved EVE as well.
good OK, Lets talk about the the big pink elephant in the room first. Yes, the movie has a similar storyline from movies of the past. And yes, it may be, to some, "just another fight movie. However, Warrior has the audacity to challenge the cliché's and still manages to stand out from the rest. Bottom line, Warrior is a well written and directed emotional roller coaster that will have you at the edge of your seat. With a star studded cast and top notch acting, the performances were solid and believable. Nick Nolte in particular did a fantastic job with his role and will have you nearly in tears. As the movie progresses you will be torn on what you would like to see happen for the climax of this entertaining thrill ride. Movies with this much emotional power connected to the characters only come around every once in a while. Go see this movie to finish off the summer or forever regret not supporting what is sure to be a classic!
good  This is the best soap that was ever on tv. Most of the charactors are great, like Bo, Hope, Roman, Marlena, John, Craig, Nancy.. and then there are some that are not so good, like Nicole, Nicholas. There have been some great storylines. I loved all of them except when Marlena was possessed. That was just a waste but I guess they can't all be perfect. Overall this is a great show. No wonder it's been on for 34 years.
good Just a good, bawdy, slap stick movie. I didn't see the first one so I can't compare releases. It starts a bit slow but gets to the plot and fun quickly. Appropriately it was released for 4/20. Have some green, have an adult beverage or two and get ready to laugh.
good Powerful portrayal of Neo-Nazi movement in America. Told in series of flashbacks. Flawless acting by Edward Norton. Does its best to make the point that no one is ever right aand no one is ever wrong. I have a friend who was a Nazi and a racist. But upon walking out of the theater after this movie he hung his head in shame. This is why the film industry began.
good  In New York, León (Jean Reno) is an Italian professional hit-man, who loves drinking milk and has a plant as his best friend. His godfather and mentor is the mobster Tony (Danny Aiello), who loves León as if he were his own son, and his cold blood makes him a perfect killer. When Stansfield (Gary Oldman) and his gang executes the family of his twelve years old neighbor Mathilda (Natalie Portman), León lodges the girl in his place, beginning a weird friendship between a killer and a confused girl wishing revenge. When Mathilda finds who Stansfield is, she presses León to kill him. 'León' is a wonderful movie, having one of the most perfect chemistry in the cinema between Jean Reno and Natalie Portman. The storyline recalls some parts of John Cassavetes' 'Gloria', but the performances of the debutant Natalie Portman and the always-excellent Jean Reno upgrade this film. There are at least three scenes that I really love: the light on the corridor, when León opens the door for Mathilda; when they are walking together in a New York street, coming towards the camera; and when Stansfield hits León. My vote is ten.Title (Brazil): 'O Profissional' ('The Professional')
good There is one line of dialogue, right at the end of Shutter Island before the credits roll, that elevates the emotion of the film and makes it much more powerful. For those of you, like me, who read and enjoyed the novel before seeing the film and felt that the trailers and advertisements for this film were leading you to believe there wouldn't be any narrative surprises in store, think again! Scorsese's film features that one brief piece of dialogue at the films conclusion that results in an entirely different perception of the final act. The rest of the film, however, is very faithful to Dennis Lehane's already great story.Shutter Island represents exactly what one should hope for when seeing a novel being interpreted to film. While it certainly does the source material justice, it also adds small changes that make for a distinctive experience. Even if you've read the novel multiple times, you'll feel like you're reading the book for the first time again while watching. Scorsese perfectly recreates the menacing atmosphere of the island on film. Every location is foreboding and drenched with hints of unseen danger in dark corners. The lighthouse, the caves, the civil war fort housing "the most dangerous patients," and the island itself--every locale seems large yet claustrophobic and isolated at the same time.I often experience claustrophobia myself and there are certain films that really capitalize on that personal fear and make it more relevant and eerie to me. Neil Marshall's The Descent was one such picture, and this is another. An confined island is a terrific horror location and it comes with its own type of fear. The utter desperation to escape from a persistent and confined nightmare is something Teddy (Dicaprio) is receiving in high doses, and so does the audience.As with Scorsese and DiCaprio's previous collaborations, this is a movie that must be seen. Here they explore the horror/thriller genre with gravitas, with no small part played by Laeta Kalogridis in supplying the screenplay. While most modern pictures of its kind lack character or any real sense of suspense, Shutter Island doesn't go for cheap gags. I concur with Ebert when he says one of the key elements to this film is that it releases its tension through suspense instead of mindless action sequences. That's not to knock a well-deserved frenetic scene of violence every once in awhile--it works to the advantage of some films like Evil Dead II and Planet Terror--but had Teddy and Chuck gone running and gunning through the facility's faculty, the mood this movie keeps in check so well would have been lost.However, that mood isn't sacrificed and "spooky" is punched up to full force. A considerable amount of that spooky is generated by a "best of" collection of actors that have mastered the art of creepy: Ben Kingsley, Jackie Earle Haley, Ted Levine, and Max Von Sydow just to name a few. Had Tom Noonan been thrown in the cast as well, my "Top Five People I Would Not Want to Be Left in the Dark with, Especially in a Room with No Doors or Windows" list would have been completely exhausted. On that note, is it just me or has Sydow mysteriously not aged since The Exorcist? Was there a secret pact made between Lucifer and Father Merrin? Whether he sold his soul or not, he's quite ominous in every single scene he is present in. All of this great talent in front of the camera doesn't mean anything though if you don't have a faithful orchestrator behind it. Luckily you have Scorsese leading the lens and he points the movie in the right direction, even if this isn't among his very best works. His style works amazingly with suspense laden projects and at times he even seems to channel Hitchcock and Kubrick, though there's always something distinctively Scorsese about the presentation. I found the editing in the opening scene, with Chuck and Teddy approaching Shutter Island, to be very odd and frantic, though I think the audience will know why Scorsese displayed the scene the way he did after completing the film.With a body of work so impressive, Shutter Island is among captivating company. The good news is that Shutter Island carves out a place of its own in his resume. While no Goodfellas or Raging Bull or Taxi Driver, I have no problem placing Shutter side by side The Last Temptation of Christ and Bringing Out the Dead. The cinematography is bright and gorgeous. Scorsese doesn't rely on the over-grainy, ugly presentation that most modern horror or suspense-riddled thrillers rely on. He uses lush, bright color during daytime and dream sequences to flush out a distinct feeling of terror.Shutter Island isn't just a pretty face, its also got a great story to boot and this is why I've been anticipating the film for so long. As mentioned earlier, I've been exposed and digested the source material myself before seeing the movie. I was worried the trailers for the film were giving away too much through their spots on television and on the silver screen, but Scorsese has added enough to the film for the story to feel fresh even for those "in the know." You are transferred in the films paranoia and phobia once the camera pans through the mental facilities open doors. Lehane is one of the luckiest authors on the planet to have his work adapted to the big screen by talents such as Eastwood and Scorsese, but his work is brilliant and deserving of such treatment.At the risk of spoiling plot points for potential viewers who have not read the book, I'll leave a Related Recommendations section concealed in "Spoiler" tags. Discussing this story at any length can be quite revealing.
good  American History X is a movie of its own. It has a little bit of everything in the way it touches you. This of course making it a very though provoking film. There isn't a genre you can place this film in because it is a not a crime story, action or even a simple drama instead it is a humanistic thriller. What it is about, is the battle over ourselves.Who better than to display these wild but common complexities within people than Edward Norton. The range he shows here is astounding in only his fifth movie. Norton plays Derek Vinyard, a skin head that realizes through cruel yet necessary events in his life that he has gone down the wrong path. When he comes out of jail he attempts to stop his brother played Edward Furlong from going down the same road he had done. Through all his efforts though some things just prove to be inevitable. Avery Brooks also gives a great performance as Derek Vinyard's former teacher and now principal of his former school. His words may not be of the most inspiring but his actions and messages sent across are subtle yet strong and to the point.Norton's performance though wasn't just about range but exploring different dimensions of life. Whether it proved to be psychological, social or even political on a certain level. It is a transforming performance revealing something mind blowing and eye opening. That we, and this includes anyone, can take a devastating turn in life no matter how intelligent we are or thoughtful. That the person that determines the outcome of your life is yourself whether it is good or bad. Norton's realizations aren't through teachings such as the ones that got him in jail but they are through the events in the time he spent in jail. He saw the truth for himself realizing then what is false and what is real.The screenplay written by David McKenna is about as versatile as the performance Norton gives. Not only because of the Derek Vinyard character but because of the characters involved in his life. For example the root of his evil did not come from the murder of his father but rather his father himself. Through just a conversation at breakfast did his negative thoughts get really embedded eventually then leading to them dramatically taking over his mind and way of life. Only when his father got killed did these negative thoughts seem justified. The way this screenplay and direction was able to display this message in just a plethora of other underlying tones was spectacular.What makes this movie great though is that you can truly find yourself in the messages delivered. As much as the main character might not seem relevant or connected to many people it his emotions and functioning of his mind that all of us are able to connect with. Yet what makes a movie great is not simply the message or messages sent across but how powerfully they are delivered. American History X delivers its multiple and intertwining messages about as powerfully as I've seen from a film.
good  Favorite Chaplin film. Packed with social commentary that is still relevant today. Chaplin does a superb job of representing the average worker of the time and the mental impact that the daily motions of what we consider normal in society. Such as the opening of the movie in which a scene of a morning rush of people going to work fades into a herd of sheep. Chaplin hilarious slapstick comedy is also present in this film while still keeping serious undertones. The best example of this is the eating machine. This particular scene was a perfect representation of the problems in our society (a machine meant to further regiment the day of a worker only to break in the process) while also causing a laugh out loud reaction. My favorite part of this film is definitely the ending in which Chaplin sings a song and dances. What makes this scene so great is not only the fact that it was the first time Chaplin/The Tramp ever spoke but that it was also a stance against "talkies". Although Chaplin sings the lyrics are complete gibberish but the audience understands regardless. All in all I believe Modern Times is Chaplin's greatest film, this was the first Chaplin film I had ever seen and since then have watched all of them and found a great respect for Chaplin and silent movies overall.
good Absolute tripe. I am surprised that Jackie Chan would even have considered this script let alone allow it to be released. His past presence in films with some poor scripts has made them bearable but this is a disaster. Fortunately for him he must be nearly at the end of his career so starring in this one will not affect him too much; lets hope he makes more to remove the bad taste that this left. Don't waste your time even considering to go and see this.
good  One thing you gotta say for this series: it isn't boring.And "Last Crusade" has enough thrills, chills and spills to fill up a few dozen old Saturday afternoon serials.  Right down the line, everything about this film is superb.  Ford and Connery do the father and son routine superbly.  Rhys-Davies returns as Sallah, as does Elliott who plays Brody with as much befuddlement as Connery does his role.  And who can blame him? And the FX: there's so many you lose count.  But don't bother, just sit back, relax and get swept up in the moment.  You can't help yourself but to get into this "Crusade".Ten stars.  A classic Ford with a bright Sean.
good I went and saw this movie when it came out, and really enjoyed myself. I had previously only seen the first Insidious movie, but I had zero confusion as to what was happening. The character development was nothing special, but I thought that the character Elise was very well done, and the actress did an incredible job. I enjoyed the scares, they were still a little cheesy the way Insidious was, but it scared me enough!Great ending to a fun series.
good  Pitch Perfect 2 is a 2015 American musical comedy film directed by Elizabeth Banks and written by Kay Cannon. It is a sequel to the 2012 film Pitch Perfect, which was loosely adapted from Mickey Rapkin's non- fiction book, titled Pitch Perfect: The Quest for Collegiate A Cappella Glory. The film centers on the fictional Barden University and The Bellas, an-all female a capella singing group. The film features an ensemble cast that includes Anna Kendrick, Rebel Wilson, Brittany Snow, Ester Dean, Hana Mae Lee, and Alexis Knapp. It was released on May 15, 2015 by Universal Pictures.Plot Of The Movie: Following an incident involving Fat Amy having a wardrobe malfunction at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, the Barden Bellas are suspended from the circuit of a capella performing. In order to regain their status, the Bellas enter the international competition—a colossal task since no American team has ever won.I loved these sexy women and this perfect number 1 movie.
good  Personally, I believe this to be one of the most intelligent comedies ever made. It might not appear that way at first because the film does have its share of simple slapstick and "naughty" moments, but generally, the topics the Pythons tackle here are very serious - albeit dealt with in a way that makes this a true contender for the funniest film of all time. A firework of hilarious sketches, timeless quotes and clever comments on the human condition, this film was deemed too dangerous for the masses and therefore, until recently, banned in several countries (normally, this only used to happen to the so called "Video Nasties").This film never once makes fun of Jesus (Christ) - but it DOES take the mickey out of blind, fanatic followers of any political movement or religion.An outstanding achievement and endlessly re-watchable. My vote: 10 out of 10Favorite films: http://www.IMDb.com/list/mkjOKvqlSBs/Lesser-known Masterpieces: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls070242495/Favorite Low-Budget and B-Movies: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls054808375/Favorite TV-Shows reviewed: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls075552387/
good It was just plain awful. Is it funny when a deer urinates on several members of a family? Not really. Why did all these grown men have a weekday OFF to drive around in a (stolen?) school bus and then hang out at K-Mart?It's the middle of a school day, when employed people are usually working, and suddenly one of these men remembers that their daughter has a dance recital....because dance recitals always happen in the middle of a school day...when the kids are in school....and the parents are working. Dance teachers attend recitals in 80's workout spandex and then proceed to dance with the children...sure sure sure. It was beyond raunchy. Are there adults out there who seriously get excited to see breasts bouncing around? Are they over the age of 19? We walked out and got our money back. It was a level of stupid that is not even slightly entertaining. What a WASTE of a really good cast.
good  Last year I saw Spirited Away on it's UK release. I've never been a particular fan of anime, and it didn't really occur to me that I was watching a foreign language film dubbed into English (or 'American'). I can't imagine seeing a live action foreign language film dubbed into another language, but hey, this is a kids cartoon, what does it matter? Up to a point it didn't, because I loved the film. I enjoyed it so much I set about digging up the Studio Ghibli/Miyazaki back catalogue, in the process Sprited Away was filed away as one of the lesser Ghibli's - still great, but compared to Laputa, Grave of the Fireflies and a few others, it seemed a little weak. BUT... I recently re-watched it on DVD with the subtitles and found the difference unbelievable. The film came alive like the other Miyazaki's I've seen. It seemed infinitely more layered, detailed, intelligent and witty than I remembered. Could it be that retaining the intended performances (even if the words are unintelligible) can make that much difference? Maybe the dub was just poorly done? Or was it just because I was now versed in the language of Ghibli? As a little experiment I decided to re-watch some of the film with both the English subtitles and English language dub in order to compare, I ended watching the whole thing out of morbid fascination. It's simply amazing what a difference there is. Entire scenes change. It's not just that subtle emphasis is shifted or the same points are made in a different manner - in the dub, the subject of whole conversations and scenes are changed, and often to some flat and uninteresting hokum. Relationships between characters are changed, their motivations and personalities are changed, the difference is shocking. I appreciate western, and particularly American audiences can be put off by subtitles. And cinemas are less likely to show the film anyway. It's pointless to be all righteous when, fundamentally, you just want people to see the film. Unless they do, this treasure trove will remain undiscovered, and maybe finding it will encourage people to conquer the 'subtitle demon' (as Miyazaki might call him). But the problem is the quality of these dubs, and the liberties taken with the source material. Of course, without speaking Japanese, who can say it's not the subtitles that are way off? They're probably written by westerners too. But the dub just stinks of Disneyfication. Saturday morning generic nonsense. The challenging, uncompromising and emotionally ambitious nature of the film is severely watered down.A fair question might be, 'if it's so bad why was it so successful?' The success is evidence of the films staggering quality. Even so, it hardly challenged whatever Jerry Bruckheimer movie was showing at the time. In Japan it's the biggest grossing film in history. 'Go figure,' as Chihiro wouldn't say.
good being someone who had a history with drugs, i found this movie to be slightly more than ground-breaking. i saw this film in the midst of a downward spiral, and it turned me right around! having friends with the same plans, such as sell drugs to buy more drugs..it made me look at my life and theirs and see exactly what the future had in store. now, every time i see this movie since escaping that life, i cry. i cry for my past and those who still live in it. this movie has more to say to people my age than any drug education movie we were afforded in school. honestly, i wonder when the school systems will wisen up to what is really going to get kid's attention; movies that show that pros as well as the cons of drugs, or a movie that shows the complete and utter devastation drugs will bring to your life, and the lives of those around you. honestly, had i seen this film before my sophomore year of high school, i would have never even dreamed of taking more than the prescribed dose of advil. granted, my little summary or comment of this movie does not entail anything informative about the movie itself, i must say, i feel this is the best way i know to express my views.
good Great Movie, Good thriller and always maintains the intensity. There is no part in the movie which gets you bored. Its full time Entertainment. The movie is short but up to the point. This is a movie where Naseerudin Shah is like a One Man Army who takes over the whole of Bombay police. I really enjoyed it. We need more movies like this. Very Creative.Technically very correct and the movie has a lot of logic. The Direction is superb. Unlike other movies, there are no songs in the movie. The movie can be viewed by family and even teens and I think its for all type of age groups. The whole movie is like the game of chess. Its a puzzle till the end which bursts out at last releasing a shock wave across the movie theatre.
good  'The Maltese Falcon' is the granddaddy of the modern detective movie, as well as the first of the 'film noir' genre, which should impress any film buff looking for an 'essential' film for his collection...But even if you're not, I'd STRONGLY recommend this film, as a terrific mystery with a first-rate cast!Hollywood legend has it that George Raft had been cast as detective Sam Spade, in this third version of the Dashiell Hammett novel (it had been filmed 10 years earlier, with Ricardo Cortez as Spade, and a few years later, with Bette Davis in the Astor role). Raft refused to work with novice director John Huston, however, and Humphrey Bogart, fresh from his breakthrough success in 'High Sierra', inherited the role...and a legendary team was formed! Huston was a master of sharp, witty dialogue and character, and nobody could play a loner with a code of honor better than Bogart; together, they were unbeatable!The premise involves a statue of a falcon said to have a fortune in jewels under the lead paint covering it, but this is really a tale of greed, betrayal, and murder. The cast of characters is unforgettable; in addition to Bogart's Spade, there is the beautiful and mysterious Brigid O'Shaughnessy (Mary Astor), slickly effeminate Joel Cairo (Peter Lorre), gregarious and self-centered Kasper Gutman (Sidney Greenstreet, in his finest role), and Gutman's young, psychotic hitman (Elisha Cook, Jr.). Even the minor characters are indelibly etched, with great performances by Lee Patrick, Jerome Cowan, Barton Maclaine, and Ward Bond.We follow Spade, as he journeys deeper and deeper into a web of deception, hunting for the statue and investigating his partner's murder, while becoming romantically involved with O'Shaughnessy. The film never loses momentum, and the climax has the kind of irony that became a John Huston trademark!'The Maltese Falcon' is a tale that never gets old, and if you have never seen it, check it out! It truly is "the stuff that dreams are made of".
good  Frank Darabont returns to the directors chair with another adaptation of Stephen Kings novel. The events take place at a death row, the guards call the green mile. The story is a layered, rather character-driven fantasy tale of the events that transpire at "the mile" after the arrival of a giant man, John Coffey (Michael Duncan), convicted of the murder of two small girls. Actually this is not one single story, but several tied together seamlessly.A character-driven movie requires a lot from the cast, and fortunately when it comes to cast, The Green Mile delivers. As the poster of the movie tells, this movie stars Tom Hanks as Paul Edgecomb, senior prison guard of the mile, and as always he performs very well indeed. Yet the cast around him is even more spectacular, perhaps partially due to them being relatively unknown. With a face you know, one inevitably remembers previous performances, and the new role is coloured by this.  Doug Hutchison as Percy Wetmore, a mean spirited prison guard was particularly impressive, yet his character could have been given more depth. The most captivating was the performance of Michael Duncan.It is hard to find a flaw in this movie. The camerawork is superb, cast wonderful and direction flawless. The movie's considerable length, a bit over three hours, is something that had me worried. Yet the marvellous cast and the peaceful yet firm pace of the movie held my attention progressively through the three hours right to the touching culmination. Many will find this movie to be too long, but I for one was delighted of the style, combination of simplicity of events and depth of characters and conversation.All in all the The Green Mile is a very touching drama, with the joys and sorrows of the life pictured with great skill, if not the best movie of the year. Five out of five.
good I have a certain amount of respect for film-makers who venture to create a time-travel movie, simply because of the risk and complexity involved; it is no secret that many of these films are flops due in part to the uncertainties of the science, and the confusion they cause many viewers as the events unfold on-screen. As such, it is difficult to convey the paradox(es) established in these stories in a single Motion Picture as opposed to say, a novel. That being said, TWELVE MONKEYS works because it manages to overcome these flaws (for the most part) and provide viewers with a fresh, intelligent, and logical movie-going experience that is bound to stay with them for a while. My initial impression of TWELVE MONKEYS was that it appeared to be a combination of DONNIE DARKO and ONE FLEW OVER THE CUCKOO'S NEST, with a hint of the deep-lying anti-societal messages (and the Brad Pitt) contained in FIGHT CLUB. I loved these movies, and needless to say, I loved TWELVE MONKEYS.The storyline is a very good one, spanning as many as four different time zones in order to tell the story. This is simply a wonderful science-fiction movie, with an underlying dark, brooding psychological thriller aspect, reminiscent of course, of DONNIE DARKO (though the latter was released six years after the former; it's just that I SAW DONNIE DARKO first).The direction by MONTY PYTHON's Terry Gilliam is superb, as are the cinematography and set design, with one of the opening shots of Philadelphia's City Hall overrun by animals setting the dark mood for the rest of the film. The acting by Bruce Willis and Madeleine Stowe is sufficient, but Brad Pitt was the stand-out for me, though his portrayal was admittedly over-the-top. It's just that every time the movie shifted from his character, there was an appreciable drop in energy. I guess even the Academy thought likewise, enough so that they saw it fit to nominate him for Best Supporting Actor.TWELVE MONKEYS is a unique, intelligent, logical, and edgy Motion Picture that will challenge viewers and keep them involved throughout. The main character in the movie doesn't set about to change time (as is the case in most of these sci-fi time-travel movies) thereby creating another paradox; instead he sets about to study the events of the past in an effort to better the future. The screenwriters, David and Janet Peoples, set the movie in such a way that the viewer gets to decide what happens/happened, and as such TWELVE MONKEYS has sparked numerous intellectual debates, and will continue to do so for some time.9/10. 3.5. stars (out of 4). Will enter my Top 150 at #123. Highly recommended.
good  I think that New York Times film critic Elvis Mitchell wrote the best one line review of In the Mood for Love when he said that it is "dizzy with a romantic spirit that's been missing from the cinema forever." How true those words are! Truly romantic films are so rare these days, while films that include plenty of sex and nudity (which are often portrayed in a smutty and gratuitous manner) abound. So, given this cinematic climate, Wong Kar-wai's latest film feels like a much needed breath of fresh air. In the Mood for Love is about the doomed romance between two neighbors ("Mr. Chow," played by Tony Leung and "Mrs. Chan," played by Maggie Cheung), whose spouses are having an illicit affair, as they try "not to be like them." But after hanging out with each other on lonely nights (while their spouses are away "on business"/"taking care of a sick mother"), they fall madly in love, and must resist the temptation of going too far.Several factors are responsible for making In the Mood for Love a new classic among "romantic melodramas," in the best sense of that term. First, the specific period of the film (i.e. 1960's Hong Kong) is faithfully recreated to an astonishing degree of detail. The clothes (including Maggie Cheung's lovely dresses), the music (e.g. Nat King Cole), and the overall atmosphere of this film evokes a nostalgia for that specific period. Second, Christopher Doyle's award-winning, breathtakingly beautiful cinematography creates an environment which not only envelopes its two main characters, but seems to ooze with romantic longing in every one of its sumptuous, meticulously composed frame. Make no mistake about it: In the Mood for Love was the most gorgeous film of 2001. (It should also be mentioned that Wong Kar-wai's usual hyper-kinetic visual style is (understandably) toned down for this film, although his pallet remain just as colorful.) Third, there is the haunting score by Michael Galasso, which is accompanied by slow motion sequences of, e.g. Chan walking in her elegant dresses, Chan and Chow "glancing" at each other as they pass one another on the stairs, and other beautiful scenes which etch themselves into one's memory. The main score--which makes its instruments sound as though they're literally crying--is heard eight times throughout various points in the film and it serves to highlight the sadness and the longing which the two main characters feel. Fourth, Tony Leung and Maggie Cheung both deliver wonderful performances (Leung won the prize for best actor at Cannes) and they manage to generate real chemistry on screen.The above elements coalesce and work so nicely together to create a film that feels timeless, "dizzyingly romantic," and, in a word, magical. In the Mood for Love, perhaps more than any other film of 2001, reminded me why it is that I love "going to the movies." And I guess that is about the highest compliment that I can pay to a film.
good  The first 10 minutes of the movie is brutal. I seriously thought this movie would be ruined and that I just wasted about 12 bucks or 1 movie theatre priced drink. But then it hit me. Scene after scene with laugh after laugh ! I couldn't stop laughing at many of these scenes! By the end of this movie I looked at my group and said "I think they have pulled of the impossible. The rare second movie is better than the first one" hence terminator 2 of comedies. 10/10 or 5/5 or 1000/1000 doesn't matter! Go see it!
good Amazingly in your face cinema from director Danny Boyle and writer John Hodge. Adapted form Irvine Welsh's novel, this is the story of four desperate heroine addicts who chose hard drugs rather than life. Instead of the drudgery of the every day, they prefer the ecstatic rush of the heroine hit.Audiences will have to ride through the early scenes that may put you off public toilets (among other things) for life. If you are even the least bit queasy, then "Trainspotting" is one film you should avoid. Containing much 'toilet' humour and graphic drug use scenes, this is not cinema for the faint hearted.Once you've adapted to Boyle's full on style (which contains some violence too), then you can really start to appreciate the sharp, incisive script from John Hodge, with its clever, biting humour which forces you to laugh at a way of life that is as close to rock bottom as you can get. Boyle and Hodge have given their film a unique Scottish feel, and the culture and psyche of Edinburgh's down and out comes through brilliantly.Of course there is the question of whether this flick glorifies drug addiction. Some aspects of the abuse of heroine are conveyed as a fantastic rush and a great escape, generally though the addicts are shown to be no-hopers headed for nothing but death and destruction.The other immensely enjoyable aspect of "Trainspotting" is the fantastic cast. Ewan McGregor heads up the young thesps as "Mark Renton", the central figure in the story and the only guy we really hold out any hope for. Backing him up is Ewen Bremner as "Spud", the nervous young lad whose fetish for "speed" makes him very excitable. Jonny Lee Miller is "Sick Boy", another rather twisted individual whom we find has a heart beneath his deceptive, tough exterior. But the real psycho is Begbie (Robert Carlyle), a guy who wouldn't touch hard drugs and believes that those who use them are soft in the head. His violent temper and passion for brawling make him a distinctly unlikeable chap. Then there's Tommy (Kevin McKidd), straight guy and fitness freak who enjoys taping erotic encounters with long term love Liz. Finally there is young Diane, a feisty femme who proves a handful, and a surprise, for young Renton. All performances from this collective band are strong, with McGregor the shining beacon at the top.Brian Tufano delivers some confronting cinematography, Masahiro Hirakubo supplies the sharp editing and the soundtrack contains a fresh collection of trendy tunes.Tuesday, July 2, 1996 - Hoyts Cinema Centre MelbourneSeeing Danny Boyle's "Trainspotting" for a second time really helps clarify what the movie is about, and that is what a dreadful life one can have if one chooses a drug of addiction such as heroin. On the other hand, if one chooses life, it can be a very intoxicating drug, as young Renton finally discovers.Standouts are still Boyle's in your face direction which leaves no aspect of the destitution of drug abuse untouched, and the performances from Ewan McGregor, Ewen Bremner, Jonny Lee Miller, Kevin McKidd, Robert Caarlyle and Kelly McDonald which bring to life the vivid characters who live this sorry existence.A groovy soundtrack accompanies Boyle's innovative film.Monday, April 7, 1997 - Hoyts Croydon
good  An excellent direction, beautiful narration and an emotional ending. This movie deserves the best of applause. The director has done an out of the world job. At no point in the movie does he overshadow the kid. The best thing I love about the movie is the facial expressions of Kid. This kid is a genius and has filled life into the role of a dyslexic. Movie is so perfect, doting mom, lovable brother and a strict dad. The manifestation of problems has been toned beautifully and the way the kid is helped to get out the problems is artistic. I hope I could vote more than 10 for this masterpiece. Missing this movie would be a blunder.
good I would consider myself a Wes Anderson fan, however in saying that, I have only seen a handful of his movies. I was very excited for The Grand Budapest Hotel, because of its excellent cast, the fact it's directed by Wes Anderson and just by how unique it looked. After watching The Grand Budapest Hotel, I can confidently say that it's my new favourite Wes Anderson film, and probably his best.As I was hoping, the story to The Grand Budapest Hotel is very original and unique, some may even say strange. And as the movie goes on, the story only gets wilder and wilder. The film is often very hilarious, with some seriously funny dark humour thrown in there as well. Characters are extremely well written, with the bond between Gustave and Zero being the backbone of the whole movie as it's so well written. The Grand Budapest Hotel features an odd narrative structure that works very well for the film, again adding to the uniqueness and freshness of it. I wasn't exactly sure how the story would play out, as I purposely avoided all promotional materiel so I would know as little as possible before watching. This was a great benefit to my viewing experience as I loved everything I saw, and felt as though nothing was spoiled from watching too many trailers.I haven't been a huge fan of most of Ralph Fiennes' work since his phenomenal performance in 1993′s "Schindler's List", but this is easily his best performance since then. He proves he can do comedy just as well as he can do drama, providing a perfect balance of both. Newcomer Tony Revolori is excellent as well. I won't get into the whole supporting cast because there's so many who were all so great, but I was particularly impressed by Willem Dafoe, Adrien Brody, Harvey Keitel, Jude Law and Saoirse Ronan.The Grand Budapest Hotel is definitely a Wes Anderson film, down to its very core. If you know his style, then you known what to expect, as this movie is full of it. Thankfully though, it's not a case of style over substance, with a great story to accompany the gorgeous visuals. The colour palette is beautiful; it's nice to see lot's of bright colours when so many other films are so dark and dreary. The set design and costumes are perfect, and there's so much attention to detail within the sets. The cinematography is phenomenal, and I really like how the film was presented in different aspect ratios.You really can't go wrong with this film. It's probably Wes Anderson's best film, it has gorgeous visuals, excellent acting and a wonderful story. If you're a fan of Wes Anderson's previous work, you cannot miss this, and even if you're not a fan you should go and see it anyway.
good I only just saw this movie for the first time the other day and was surprised that it was pretty good, because I had heard so many bad things about it. From now on, I will not be taking public opinion so seriously and will watch anything with a promising premise and good actors.Tina Majorino was, as always, (see "When A Man Loves A Woman" and Corrina, Corrina") believable. It amazes me how many tears this child can summon and I still believe each one of them.Kevin Costner wasn't really anything special. I had just seen The Postman the week before (which prompted me to watch Waterworld), and he seemed to me to be the same character. I could go on and on about comparisons, but I'll leave it at that. Although, I have to let you know there was a strange deja-vu thing happening between plot points and character developments.Jeanne Tripplehorn was quite convincing. I thought their tans were all apt considering the habitat of the characters, but a bit overdone.The most disappointing thing for me was how the film turned from a unique, (pre-Postman) fairly intelligent plot into a typical action film with explosions and chases. There were explosions toward the beginning that were a little overdone, but I felt they were necessary to introduce us to the Smokers and to Dennis Hopper's character. This film could have turned out quite well, if the last few scenes were completely re-written.
good Of all the big name superheroes Marvel has to offer, HULK is one of the easiest to gravitate to. It's not hard to find what makes him appealing. Superficially, he is an unstoppable raging behemoth whose strength is rarely matched. This alone would be an obvious foundation for a film franchise. What is surprising (and ultimately refreshing) about this one is its willingness to explore the depth of the Hulk's dilemma. If the film's jade giant were absent from this movie, its story could still be the frame for another.The movie starts with an army scientist named David Banner who performs genetic experiments for the government. He carries one out on himself before fathering his son Bruce. After a few years into Bruce's childhood, a tragic event occurs, which results in David's incarceration for 30 years and separation from his son.Upon maturing, Bruce also becomes a scientist. Instead of his father's obsession with genetics, he develops a fascination for gamma rays and nano-med (almost subatomic medicinal) technology. He becomes victim of a lab accident that unleashes the Hulk; partly due to genetic mutation he inherited from his father, who just happens to work on the base as janitor, recently released from his sentence. To make things more interesting, Banner's co-scientist, Betty Ross is his former flame. And she just happens to be the daughter of General Ross, the man who jailed David Banner during his family's tragedy. It is this terrible event that holds the key to why Bruce transforms to his monstrous side, and to how their reunion will end.The movie starts slow, with admirable character development. By the time the Hulk appears, everyone's motivations are known with each personality sharply distinguished. Ang Lee loves showing humanity and human frailty in his stories as he has done exceptionally in EAT DRINK MAN WOMAN, THE WEDDING BANQUET, SENSE AND SENSIBILITY, and THE ICE STORM. We discover the hidden storylines, the human aspects that can be just as interesting as the action. We discover that Bruce and Betty have both had fathers that they could never count on (that's probably what brought them together). We see David Banner and General Ross not primarily as power hungry males, but as caring fathers as well. We experience Bruce Banner's awkwardness and inability to express himself adequately, which makes us understand all the more why he begins to `enjoy' transforming into his raging alter-id.Though it's true that the Hulk doesn't appear until 45 minute into the movie, once he does, the action hardly stops. Sure there are scenes of destruction, but they are calculated, punctuating turning points in the movie, instead of bombarding the audience as mayhem in others. The backdrops upon which these action sequences are set upon are breathtaking. The battles rage from an underground base, to the vast majestic Monument Valley landscape, all the way to the Golden Gate Bridge and even to the very stratosphere. I can still vividly recall Images of the Hulk clashing with `hulk-dogs' in the California Redwood forests and him being chased by helicopter gunships in a concave rock formation in the Arizona desert.People remember Ang Lee for CROUCHING TIGER HIDDEN DRAGON, which many consider (present company included) to be the greatest martial arts picture ever made. It left such big shoes to fill, even for Lee (At one point TIME Magazine labeled him, `America's Best Director'). Those who recall CROUCHING TIGER remember its sublime images of combat, but what set it apart in its genre was its poetic character involvement. We cared deeply for Li Mu Bai and Yu Shu Lien, for their values, and for their quest for the green destiny. Lee does the same for HULK. In exposing its characters to danger, he wishes to reveal the gravity of their situations. Hardly ever does anyone utter a mutter a snappy line, emote a mushy sentiment, or deliver a cliché expression.Compare Bruce Banner's discovery of his newfound abilities with Peter Parker's (of SPIDER-MAN). He reacts with deep fear and confusion, whereas Parker reacts with excitement and exhilaration. The latter may be more amiable for audiences, but if I found out that I was growing microscopic claws on my fingertips and spewing webbing from my wrists, I'd be freaking out. Spider-Man has the comfort of shooting off a few quips along with his webs as he confronts his foes. Banner, along with other characters in HULK have no such luxury. The movie is not without joy though. It has several humorous moments, none of them in a light-hearted sense though.It should be said that this picture was blessed with a great cast. Eric Bana (BLACK HAWK DOWN & CHOPPER), who has star written all over him, conveys inner turmoil-slash-solidity very effectively as Bruce Banner. The ever-beautiful Jennifer Connelly reprises her wife-of-a-brilliant-but-mentally-unstable-scientist role from A BEAUTIFUL MIND as Betty Ross. I thought her main purpose was to appear as a captivating yet unreachable beauty for both Banner and the Hulk, and she serves her role perfectly. Nick Nolte has to my mind never given a bad performance, and he appears valuably scruffy and deceivingly two-faced as David Banner (he could be confused for one of the hulk-dogs). But of all of the main players, Sam Elliot (THE CONTENDER, WE WERE SOLDIERS, & THE BIG LEBOWSKI) impressed me the most with his controlled and palpable intensity as General Ross. At one point, with his glistening complexion and bulging neck veins, he looked more intimidating than the Hulk.The movie has a lot of other assets. It has a memorable score by Danny Elfman (who also did BATMAN and SPIDER-MAN). It has beautiful cinematography by Frederick Elmes (THE ICE STORM). It has wondrous visualization by using split-screens like window panes in comic books, such as several angles in one shot, or one window opening up into another (this is the most inventive use of the technique since Brian De Palma's FEMME FATALE). It also has buried moments of lyrical dueling between different characters. When Betty Ross says, `You weren't that hard to find.' and Banner retorts `Yes I was.' that instant carried a greater emotional weight. You'll understand it once you see it.Fans of the Hulk (like me) will be familiar with the several storylines that have been amalgamated into the screenplay, one of them being David Banner, who is Bruce's character in THE INCREDIBLE HULK TV series (speaking of which, Lou Ferrigno, who portrayed the TV Hulk, appears in a cameo with Stan Lee). The rest I leave up to the `Hulksters'. But for all the pluses that HULK has, the ones that I will take home with me are its ideas. That the Hulk is not just rage, he is pure innocence. He only smashes when provoked. He is a near mindless brute, but when calm, he is a child. He smites tanks that fire at him as a toddler would kick a toy after tripping over it.As a character, the Hulk is the ultimate childlike id, the source of all instinctual impulses and demands for immediate satisfaction of primitive needs. As a film, THE HULK is the most introspective of the Marvel superhero movies that have come out so far. The X-MEN films have had the disadvantage of having too many characters, resulting in too many protagonists to follow. SPIDER-MAN and the BLADE movies were all about entertainment. Many comic book films barely touch on their themes, but HULK actually wants to deal with the issues it raises. No wonder I gravitate to it.
good Director Steve McQueen has gathered a talented cast, a compelling plot idea, and a wonderful cinematographer and then snuffed the life from them with his clinical, detached directing style that robs what should be the most affecting movie of the year and turns it into a plodding, emotionless, historical biopic.Despite the valiant efforts of Chiwetel Ejiofor and especially newcomer Lupta Nyong'o, this drama about a musician who is duped, drugged and sold into slavery never manages to find an emotional chord.Like last year's Oscar-bait, "Les Miserables," the film is often told in long, steady pan shots or a continuous array of distracting close-ups of actors filled with angst or anger. And the film finds no rhythm in its editing to make these extremes work. Even the most harrowing scenes in "12 Years," and there a plenty of them to choose from, lack dramatic tension. One may as well be watching an accident filmed on a surveillance camera on the local news, because that's how detached McQueen's film style is (which also killed his over-praised "Shame," for me as well.)Some have likened "12 Years a Slave" to "Schindler's List," but for emotional wallop, there is no comparison. "Schindler's List" is in every way, from script to score, the vastly superior movie: not only shocking but truly emotional and with actual drama.John Ridley's screenplay has a few fine dynamics, but quite frankly in the end all the characters in the film end up being (literally) too black or white. Even the few characters (like Benedict Cumberbatch's Ford or Garrett Dillahunt's Armsby) who seem to have shades of gray, of course turn out to be turn-coats. Michael Fassbender and Sarah Paulson get two roles that feature them being evil incarnate, to the point you expect Fassbender to twirl his mustache at times. But again, any kind of shading the actors may have tried to play gets lost with McQueen's endless habit of sticking the camera repeatedly into the actor's faces."12 Years" is by no means an awful movie, but I think hype surrounding it in the press will lead to disappointment in movie goers who are expecting an amazing visceral tale, and are deceived into getting a stagnant and clinical examination of some of the darkest days of American history. Members of the audience I saw the movie with began talking half-way through and some people were overheard saying, "How can they make this subject so dull?" as they headed for the exit.
good The good thing for the film was its screening in two parts. It's not that you will not like the film for 5 hours but there are a few moments when you might feel bored. Now about the film I would say that this is the only film that I can remember now, the characters of which you would bond so much. Making such a long film is a great risk and that was worth it. The story is purely based on revenge. What these 5 hours has made us feel in the end was that the revenge was truly authentic. You will bond entirely with all that hatred. Of Course we have to pick up a side with whom we sympathize. The shaking feeling was when Ramadheer singh told Faisal that the whole fighting had started due to his grandfather and he wanted to live, otherwise his grandfather might have killed him. This was the moment when I realized that he was not at all wrong in his place of thinking. But then I also realized the power of films. The director wanted us to have sympathy with the family of Manoj Vajpayee. That is one angle of showing the film. There can be a story made from the point of Ramadheer where we will sympathize with him.While watching the film I felt like I am revisiting a lot of films. There were a lot of instances when one can feel that he is watching the Indian version of godfather. Now the way this film is made defines what inspiration is. I also felt in the last 30 minutes like I was watching instances of City of God. Anurag Kashyap has properly set a standard for the Indian Directors about how to take inspiration from foreign films. When the audience sees that the starting scenes and the characters which were shown so early are linked in the end, they are hooked to the seats. They might feel amazed at that instant (also considering the fact that all these important twists and links are shown in the last 20 minutes of the film) and say that the film is amazing after leaving theater. While this is obvious for the Indian Audience who is deprived of such stories since they are used to watch senseless themes of Cocktail and many others. So, I would not say that the story or anything is so amazing, but this is what the audience of India need to start with. There is a lot more potential in filmmaking and I have no doubt that Anurag Kashyap too has that power to make films like the seventh seal. But he is bound by the mindset of our audience. I believe that he is taking his viewer's through a carefully chosen path to make them mature enough to understand films of Ingmar Bergman or Stanley Kubrick.PROS:The film has a good story along with good performances which is the first reason to watch the film. To keep the viewer engaged, the film has a lot of twists till the end. I would not consider this film in the black comedy genre but it definitely has so many instances when you will praise the director for his witticism. Coming over to the songs, I felt that the soundtrack was better in the second part. The best humoristic moment in the film was when the two goons were catching each other and their bikes went out of petrol. That moment was too hilarious. Both are standing in the queue to fill the tank. There are many instances like this which gives you authentic feel of India. The second part bagged good songs as well. The portrayal of the ladies in the family was awesome. The way that the film involved us in their daily household activities was something not usual in Indian Films. Coming to the characters, I got attached with Nawajuddin Shiddiki much more than Manoj Vajpayee. His portrayal was very close to that of Al Pacino in Godfather. All the supporting cast performed extremely well.In all, rarely in Indian cinema has this type of film been made especially with so much characters and their development.MESSAGE: "!!Revenge!!"VERDICT: "A must watch"
good This great film by Kurosawa is probably less well known than his Samurai tales, but is none the worse for that. The film is both long and slow-paced, but the impact is incredible.We begin with 'our hero' (as Kurosawa calls him) Watanabe's stomach x-ray, and we are told that he has cancer. We then see Watanabe sitting at his desk in the Tokyo city civil service, slowly marking a great pile of papers with his little rubber stamp. He sits at the head of a group of people doing much the same thing, shuffling papers from one place to another, and we are told that he has been doing this for 30 years! We see a group of ladies complaining about stagnant water directed from one office to another as the bureaucratic machinery churns mechanically onwards.Against this background, Watanabe goes to the doctor with his stomach complaint. He meets a strange man who precisely describes Watanabe's symptoms, and tells him that the doctors will lie to him, as the disease is terminal. This comes true and Watanabe realises that he is to die soon. The stunning waste of his life then becomes apparent to him, and in a really powerful scene he falls asleep, crying below a commendation from the office for 25 years of service. He isn't worried by dying, rather he's worried by never having lived. He stops going to work, he buys expensive sake and goes to the bright lights, but this fails to make him happy. He then spends time with a young girl from the office, and it is on an evening out with her that he realises what he must do. This realisation is combined with a roomful of people singing 'Happy Birthday' for a friend...but it is clear that they are singing for Watanabe's rebirth. Watanabe goes back to the office and picks up the file concerning the stagnant water...he is determined to do something about it after 30 years of doing nothing!The next section of the film is the real key to its impact. We are at Watanabe's funeral, with a number of the technocrats from the City Council. My expectation was that they would all be complimenting the memory of Watanabe and his achievement in clearing the stagnant water and building a park in record time...but they aren't! I was frustrated...I wanted them to recognise that he knew he was ill, and fought the established order so as to achieve something with his life.As they drink more and more, they begin to reflect on what Watanabe had achieved. They become emotional, realising that he knew he was ill, and realising that with determination, the system can be used to achieve things. The final scene, however, is of one of the men present at the funeral subsiding below a pile of papers, unable to change anything.The bitter ending is tempered by the powerful feelings stimulated by Kurosawa during the funeral scene. I reached the end feeling that one man can make a difference if he is determined, and that this can only be achieved by reflecting on your life and achievements, and then making a conscious decision to do something!
good Disney hyped this movie quite a bit, and it was worth the wait. Our kids love the songs, and they'll stick in your head.I'm surprised to see so many people comparing this negatively to the Descendents. I think Decendents 1, 2, and Zombies are all fun, but I thought the songs in Zombies actually sounded like they were sung by the actors compared to Descendents' heavily autotuned tracks. Some people have complained about "bad lip synching", which I saw very little of. If I had one complaint about the songs, it's that a couple of them are actually re-used in different tempos/tones, and it would be nice to have some more originals.The story is cute albeit predictable (then again, what kids movies aren't predictable?). It's got enough plot twists to keep you entertained though, and the acting is very good overall (aside from some extras). And as I mentioned in the title, the overall theme/message of the movie is a good one, and I disagree with some of the negative reviews that it's too hamfisted.Overall, I definitely recommend this movie to parents of younger kids.
good I have no ideas about the history of this movie, but it is a great experience to look into something from a fiction story to the humanity side. The movie (Beirut) did Not try to make people hate each other, it try to make peace. It makes me rethink of stepping into other country with forces wouldn't earn any rewards until all could be killed or hunted in different ways. Make true friends better then hate each other...
good  The Sixth Sense is a brilliant film, plain and simple. It is unique in that it relies on imagination and psychology to scare you and make you think twice about the world around you. The director did a fabulous job constructing the imagery of the film, and I genuinely did not know about the ending until it was revealed. Quite a shock! The Sixth Sense goes in my book as the single greatest psychological horror film I have ever seen. Anyone who bashes it are simply not giving it a chance or don't fully realize the complex dialog and imagery around them. Brilliant
good Belfast-based comics writer Garth Ennis said it best: "There are two kinds of people in the world, my friend...those who dig Clint Eastwood movies...and dweebs." While I have to admit that my heart belongs to the opening act of "The Man With No Name" trilogy, "A Fistful of Dollars", there is no denial in my mind that "The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly" is actually the better film. Many directors have tried imitating it's style (including Don Siegel's substandard "Hang 'Em High" and Eastwood's own first Western offering as star/director in "High Plains Drifter"), but none have truly come close to the eccentricities on display here.I have a suspicion that the storyline is actually based on historical fact. Consider this account from Joel Rose's "The Big Book of Thugs" under the entry of "The Reynolds Gang": They were organized in 1863 by Texans Jim and John Reynolds. They were briefly interned in a Civil War prison camp for Confederate sympathizers and after being released, began making robberies that, according to Jim Reynolds, were to help out Jefferson Davis and the Confederacy. The loot was buried somewhere in the area of Handcart Gulch and Spanish Peaks in Colarado Territory and later, after Jim Reynolds and four members of his gang had been executed by Colonel John M. Chivington of the Union Army, John Reynolds, dying from a fatal wound during a holdup, supposedly whispered out the location of his old gang's ill gotten loot. Unlike the movie version, it was never found.Regardless of whether or not this was the actual basis for TGTBATU, it is nevertheless a film more grounded in history than a lot of it's comtemparies and, indeed, more than a few of it's successors. The Civil War is part of the backdrop, but it does so on a forgotten front of that war, the Western theater. Most high-school history classes would have us believe that nothing happened out West, but plenty did. In fact, the last skirmish of the war, if I'm not mistaken, was in New Mexico and, ironically enough, a Confederate victory.The central of this film is greed. You don't just see it in the quest for the Confederate gold by Blondie, Angel Eyes, and Tuco. There are signs of it everywhere; in the hotel manager talking about how he'll be glad to get the Northerners in town for the money they'll bring in, Bill Carson appealing to Tuco's greed for a single sip of water, the gang of cutthroats who are systematically robbing the Confederate prisoners of their goods. Set up against the harsh desert backdrop, it exposes the ultimate folly of that greed (the best symbol of it perhaps being the cemetary where the gold is buried). A little over a decade before the Reagan era of "Greed is healthy, greed is good", this film provides the ultimate rebuttal to that argument. Greed has gotten just as many men killed, if not more, than patriotism ever did. Such a subtext makes "The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly" the cinematic child of John Huston's "Treasure of the Sierra Madre" and the precursor to Oliver Stone's "Wall Street".As great as Leone, Eastwood, Van Cleef, and Wallach are, there is one member of this team that pushs this film into the status of greatness: score writer Ennio Morricone. Not only does he manage to write one of the most recognized theme tunes on the planet, he also adds the extra tension needed to convey the drama with the necessary oomph, the best examples being in Blondie's torturous walk across the desert, Tuco's frantic search through the cemetary (my personal favorite and so good that Lucasarts did a slowed-down version of it for their western shooter, "Outlaws"), and, of course, the final three way shoot-out. He still composes scores for many other films to this day, I've been told. A good example of his most recent work would be the 1990 version of "Hamlet" starring Mel Gibson and directed by Franco Zefferelli. But I truly doubt that he'll ever be able to top the legendary work he did here.
good A nice movie! Had a lot of fun while i watch this movie
good  A teenage boy journeys to find his missing father only to discover that he's actually Bigfoot. The Son of Bigfoot is a great and moving animation that does the job right on bringing both the laughs and the emotion when it needs to but also it's nice animation, interesting plot and good villains make for a good time for both kids and their parents. (A+)
good Never watched any Argentine/Spanish film before. Actually, the number of foreign language (ie. other than English and Hindi) films I have watched till date is not even two digit. Still, this movie was mind-blowing!! Wild Tales, is a package of 6 short films which are dark and explosive comedies. All of them has the theme of revenge strikingly common and each one of them is unique and funny in its own way. Each one of them puts forth wild yet realistic situations. The first short story is the shortest of them and is shown pre-credits.Its story of a psych who is not even seen on the screen who makes revenge plan which ends on a bang giving us an overly wild ending. The second film slightly more dark and longer, will make you think before deciding what is right and what is wrong. Third one even longer, is my favorite alongside the fourth. Its violent and brutally hilarious with explosive ending(literally). The fourth one sheds light on realistic situation of a common man troubled by the abusive government system. Another explosion in the climax(again literally)! The fifth slightly less on humor quotient but portrays the human characteristic of greed perfectly. Its darker and has a shocking finale! Th last one, longest and wildest of them all will take you to one of the craziest weddings you have ever seen. Beneath its madness it subtly touches upon the issues of trust and betrayals in human relations.Besides the common notion of revenge and letting oneself lose control in rage, all these tales also focus on how tiniest of our actions can lead to monstrous consequences. The comedy is satirical and dark still its outright hilarious in many scenes. There are many actors (each story has different cast), can't highlight anyone as most of them have done a good job. Director Damian Szifron executes all the ridiculous madness and explosive twists with sheer brilliance leaving dazed at the end of each story. The soundtrack is also quirky and beautiful.The two hours fly away like a breeze. Even if you don't understand the language you will be so invested that after sometime you won't even realize that you are watching a Non- English film. Highly enjoyable!RATING: [4/5]
good The story's nothing to write home about, think Crank crossed with any globe-trotting spy flick, crossed with John Wick-like action set-pieces. Ethan Hawke does well as a man running low on-time, literally, as he races to find the people responsible for putting him in a state that he is as well as protecting the target he was meant to assassinate as well as her key witness. There's the mystery behind the dead family subplot, there's an older, war vet step- father figure subplot, an old-friendship gone astray yet still bound by brotherly loyalty or some something, I don't know I'm just ticking the boxes of action movie clichés right now, just hold on a bit longer. Despite all the clichés however, the story does manage to pull you in on itself, due to Hawke's sheer screen presence honestly, at least enough to see all it's glorious action sequences and thanks to its brisk pace, once things pickup and Hawke starts running on the clock, again quite literally, it's an adrenaline-fueled non-stop thrill ride.Some of the best action sequences include: an assault on a safe house with high-caliber sniper rifles that literally send bodies flying after being hit by what would seem like mini-rockets, gushing blood over walls and flinging bodies across the room as if a ghost from paranormal activity film got a hold of them. That assault escalates into a car chase, with some really slick cinematography and a level of ballistic destruction applied to cars and whatever the two cross-firing cars manage to hit between each other, is quite amazing to behold, it's as if the director, Brian Smrz looked at the car chase from "Army of Two The Devil's Cartel" and was like:" Yeah I like that ! do that in a movie". The few hand to hand combat sequences are handled equally well with long-takes and clearly presented fight choreography that seems like a more toned down version of John Wick's fight ordeal, but still entertaining to watch, the finale action showdown plays out like a sort of mini- The Raid film.All in all, this is a smooth hour and a half package that is great to watch on a plane or a train, with a strong lead, passably average plot, fast pace and some good set-pieces 24 Hours to Live is a short, fun, occasionally flawed, but consistently watchable and at times thrilling good time. 80s action films and figures would be proud.
good  I am NOT a Tyler Perry fan, but boy was this an amazing movie! I enjoyed the twists and turns, and Taraji P. Henson was amazing - much better than what she's done on Empire or Proud Mary.If you have a pulse, this is a must-see moving for 2018!
good  From the first 10 minutes of the first time I saw this movie in the theatre, I've truly loved it, more any other movie I've ever seen. Why? Well, that easy, it's just so... PERFECT! Obviously there are many other great movies, and many other movies I personally also love, but Chinatown has a real spell over me. Other fans have commented here on the story and the spellbinding way that the forlorn and utterly mysterious story unfolds. I certainly agree. Chinatown's cinematography and editing? Yes, I agree again! IMO, it's breathtaking, with pacing so tight that I sit straight up thru the whole movie and my nerves become completely raw every time I watch, listen and FEEL it again. I don't think anybody has commented yet on the great choice of the many supporting actors. Each one so well cast and very believable in their roles! You've got the entire cast credits list (thank you IMDb) so I won't list them here but there are so many memorable performances here! It would be unfair to highlight one, two or three! Good cops, bad cops, ugly rich, up-and-coming, downtrodden poor, the very honest and very crooked with all shades in between! Each and every role a character study in and of itself and together they make a living "time capsule" of the forties that we can revisit for generations to come.And then there's that sound track which hooked me on great trumpet players and the Est Coast Jazz sound of the era. I just love that music and way it interweaves with the ongoing theme - it's perfectly united with the faithful and compelling use of the film-noir style.I saw this movie first in Chicago and heck, back then I knew nothing about LA, though I've since moved to and lived in the area for years. Once relocated, I quickly discovered the historically interesting side to the story and then appreciated the movie from yet another compelling angle. No question, the plot is fundamentally sound with many totally unexpected and yet quite plausible turns. But I later understood that it's within the realm of believability from factual standpoint, as well as intellectually/emotionally.Geez, I'll never forget that first confrontational scene at the Albacore Club! The study in absolute raw and evil power as masterly portrayed by John Huston. In the very same scene Jack Nicholson skillfully paints the subtleties of his cautious, cynical, small-time hustler character. The air crackles! I must have played this scene in my mind a thousand times. When I visited Catalina Island for the first time in about 1985, not knowing its significance to the movie, I walked by the Albacore Club (The Tuna Club in real life) and froze transfixed. I recognized it instantly of course, and I must have stood there gawking for 20 minutes not saying a word. I could literally HEAR the Chinatown theme - the memories were that clear and fresh!In closing, I guess then what does it about Chinatown for me (why I feel so strongly that it is the very best movie of all) is that every facet of the movie construction, from the opening scene to the ending credits, somehow fits together in a homogeneous, complete and absolutely flawless way. I find it fascinating to analyze the characters and their makeup. To imagine the reasons they did what they did. But there is NOTHING I would change. Nothing.
good In fifties Coney Island, Ginny (Kate Winslet) is married to second husband Humpty (Jim Belushi). Its a bleak existence, despite the park setting that is supposed to be "amusement". Once an aspiring actress, Ginny waits tables in the strip's clam restaurant while Humpty operates the carousel. Their meager abode is a converted "fun house" apartment, where the noise of the rides and concessions is constantly heard. Ginny's son also lives with them and is a very troubled boy, a budding pyromaniac who skips school often. By chance, Ginny meets the lifeguard Mickey (Justin Timberlake) when she walks on the beach as a storm approaches, something a lifeguard must curtail. Ginny soon feels drawn to Mickey and tells him her story of woe, including the fact that she was unfaithful to her first husband and he left her. A wannabe playwright, Mickey confides he falls in love easily and knows places for rendezvous. They are soon a secret item. But, wait, there's more. Humpty's beautiful but troubled daughter Carolina (Juno Temple) arrives after not seeing her father for five years. She has run away from her mobster hubby and the hitmen are looking for her. As her former mate knows Carolina's dad disowned her, it is unlikely they will come looking in Coney Island. Soon, Caro has a job at the same clam shack, and, one fateful night, she too meets Mickey and is enchanted. But, since Ginny views Mickey as her "last chance" of eternal happiness, she will do anything to keep Mickey to herself. That's anything, right? This sumptuous, shattering film is one of Allen's more somber films but it is nonetheless wonderful. Especially beautiful is the dialogue, where ideas are presented with great screenwriting ability. Then, too, the performances are topnotch. Winslet is heartbreaking as Ginny while Belushi, Temple and Timberlake compliment her strongly, as do various minor players. Also tantalizing is the art direction in its recreation of Coney Island scenery and costumes, all photographed beautifully. Are you a movie fan that waits and waits for the best in motion picture offerings to arrive? The wait is over.
good Stunt coordinator Lin Oeding turned director did a fairly decent job with the camera, but lousy on the editing, as some scenes were too dragged out. The 94 min length should have been edited down and the pace picked up for a length of 75-80 mins. He also failed to direct his cast properly, as some actors looked lost in certain scenes.But the main problem with this film was the amateur first-time writing/screenplay by both Michael Nilon and Thomas Pa'a Sibbett. You would think when there's almost as many producers for this film as there are cast members, an investment towards the writing could have been applied to re-adapt the screenplay to rid it of major plot issues and unrealistic scenes, and perhaps a better score.The acting was clearly C+ to B grade, with Jason Momoa, Jill Wagner, Teach Grant and little Sasha Rossof being the only ones convincing in their roles.This is by no means a big screen Hollywood production, and if you can get past the amateur writing, and take in the breathtaking Newfoundland scenery, it's a fun lazy Sunday popcorn flick.It's a 7/10 from me.
good  Very few movies are so good in all departments.Script - Engaging, real, entertaining Direction - Flawless Dialogues - Cream of the movie (Go just for the dialogs alone if not anything else) Performance - Outstanding from all actors. It never looks like acting. So real Music - Heart of the storytelling. Compliments way too well. Love you Sneha Cinematography - Best visuals possible for the terrain of wasseypur. It transports you to that place
good Good action and disaster movie. Just what the title implies.
good  An intense Roman epic, a la "Ben-Hur" or "Spartacus," it was nice to see something like this made again. It had been since the 1960s that we had seen a 3-hour extravaganza like this.Like Ben-Hur, this is a story of a successful man who loses everything thanks to an evil man, and then has to fight his way back up to seek revenge on that man and to obtain his freedom back. It's a tried-and-true formula. This movie doesn't go to excess on the violence as some of the other more recent epic films did, such as "Braveheart" or "The Patriot."The acting is excellent, beginning with Russell Crowe, who has established himself as one of the best actors of today. Joaquin Phoenix also put himself "on the map" as an actor with his portrayal of the evil "Commodus." He's so annoying you want to slap that sucker, which means he's doing a good job acting. Kudos to the rest of the cast, too.Too bad they don't make more of these type of films, as they did in the 1950s and 1960s.
good  Beauty and the Beast is without a doubt one of Disney's finest classics. The first animated film to ever be nominated for best picture and after you see it, you could understand and agree with it's nomination. Beauty and the Beast is going to be one of those films that will always be remembered, I know that it's a movie that I will show my children one day. It has unbelievably terrific animation, a beautiful story, lovable characters, and is just over all a perfect movie. I really love this film so much, I don't think anyone couldn't fall in love with it.Bell is just a simple girl in her town in France, she reads books constantly and her father is an inventor. They are sort of the outcasts of their town due to their "oddness". But Bell is being pursued by the town hunk, Gueston, simply because she's the one girl he cannot have. One day when her father's inventions are about to be displayed at the fair, he gets lost in the woods and stumbles across a castle and is held prisoner. Bell goes after him and comes to the castle; it turns out that her father is being held by a beast who is cursed with this hideousness unless he finds a true love before a rose he has welts. Bell trades places with her father; the house also has living objects, a candle holder, a clock, a tea pot, all who are also cursed until the curse is broken. They look at Bell as the perfect opportunity for the beast to find a true love, but he must learn to be a gentleman, but Bell brings out the best in him and it turns out that this might be a happy ending after all.This was actually the first movie that I ever cried in, the ending was just so beautiful and heart felt, you'll have to see what I mean. The songs are just so lovely and perfect for the scenes that they are performed for. Beauty and the Beast, the song, was just one of the most touching songs ever. This films is a major recommendation for me, it's one of my favorite Disney films of all time, it's a timeless classic that is just perfect and reached a new level of great animation.10/10
good "I Feel Pretty" (2018) may not be the greatest movie, but it's not a bad one either, at least not as bad as its current IMDb rating, 3.4 out of 10, shows. What's puzzling (well, only slightly, given the video-gaming world we live in) is that movies having stories and subjects very little to do with reality: space operas, movies about superheroes... practically by default get higher rating, at least 7 out of 10, while not-at-all bad movies, but, in comparison to former, slightly unattractive since so unexcitingly set in real life, get often an average, or, as in this case, a very low rating. So, which of the two is more important quality of the movies (today), having the story told well nested in reality, or their technical superiority?Answers will offer opposing views, but numbers show that great majority of viewers appreciate later. I have also enjoyed spectacular show while watching the ginormous gorilla George (Saint George) killing the augmented alligator (slaying the dragon), in latest IMAX theatres' favourite "Rampage" (2018), but what's the point? There's no point, because point is supposed to make sense, and there's a little sense outside of reality. On contrary, as unimpressive as it is, "I Feel Pretty" is so real, and as such, more relevant in everyday life. Appealing factor in "I Feel Pretty" is the fact that movie managed to remain realistic in giving a believable reason (a head injury accident in a gym) for the main vehicle moving the story forward, i.e. for the changed perception of herself the main character goes through, therefore gaining confidence and modifying the way she carries herself. Regular movie goer with longer viewing experience will easily recall how numerous other, pretty good movies from the past managed to be quite entertaining, but only after fantastic premise has been served. Time-traveling movies, well represented by "Back to the Future" trilogy (1985, 1986, 1990) with Michael J. Fox and Christopher Lloyd, long list of body-swapping fantasies like "Freaky Friday" (1976) with Barbara Harris and Jodie Foster (or Jamie Lee Curtis and Lindsay Lohan in its 2003 remake) as mother and daughter whose personalities switch their bodies, Bill Murray's character repeatedly reliving the same day in "Groundhog Day" (1993), Michael Keaton's character quadrupled by cloning in "Multiplicity"... to name a few. So, once we accept the fantastic premise, those movies are even more entertaining than the one reviewed here, at least leaving to "I Feel Pretty" advantage of having no fantasy infusion required, thus deserving the coveted attribute of being realistic.Thanks to already veteran writers/first time directors, Abby Kohn and Marc Silverstein, for coming up with a realistic reason (even though already seen before) for vital twist that propels the story. Though quite repeatedly, Ms. Amy Schumer successfully gets the (known) message (on getting the inner splendor loose) across, and, while doing so, achieves fluent and humoristic narrative, making it easy to accept her character, Renee Bennett, suddenly not limited only to her inner beauty, a point surely aided by the fact that actress herself doesn't even fall in to the only other category... less beautiful... long ago advised as applicable for women.Contrasting the dominant, loud female lead with her quiet, not shy (to deliver the line "Can I be you when I grow up?") but rather laid back, eventually boyfriend Ethan (Rory Scovel) was helpful, Other contributive "witnesses" include friends Vivian and Jane (Aidy Bryant and Busy Philipps), and quietly hysterical office mate Mason (Aidan Martinez). Finally, in her supporting role as Avery LeClair, heiress to cosmetic line, although for her corporate position apparently sufficiently highly educated and quite well looking, Michelle Williams feels unsecure and requires help, so she uses suddenly wonderfully uninhibited Renee to deal with her physical (vocal) limitations, lack of business ideas, and other frustrations of her somewhat awkward position. Already established as dramatic actress, Williams uses this chance well to skillfully break into comedic acting by spicing her character with a touch of restrained lunacy. In conclusion, film is at times touching, sufficiently amusing, and positively motivating... all of which should, hopefully, help (not only) girls "feel pretty and witty and bright!" (Line excerpted from the musical "West Side Story" and its song of the same title "I Feel Pretty".)
good When asked if I wanted to see this film I half-heartedly said yes with little understanding of what I was going to see, wondering if I will regret it and have teen girls crying around me (I'm a guy), I was expecting an over romantic chick flick with something to do with magic, love, forbidden love and sacrifice. Something along the lines of 'Twilight' this assumption was Incorrect. And I was pleasantly surprised and pleased this wasn't another case of sparkling vampires or something similar. For all those who haven't seen this movie and believe it's the same thing as Twilight this alone being the reason you're not going to see it, you'd be wrong like I was at the start I recommend getting a bunch of friends and seeing it on a weekend . Where Twilight was just a pure romantic love story for fanged freaks, 'Beautiful Creatures' is a contemporary version of 'Romeo and Juliet' that explores the "humanity" of an unknown supernatural world of powers, preferably known as 'Casters' that's what they call themselves.When I came out of the cinema I was smiling, I would even go as far as saying I was 'Claimed' by it (HAHA lame joke). This was an entertaining film; all the actors had chemistry together and it was refreshing to see new actors take on a role such as this one effortlessly. The main characters that stood out from the rest would have to of been Jeremy Irons, Emma Thompson, Alden Ehrenreich, Alice Englert, Viola Davis and Emmy Rossum. (Just the main characters is all, I'll mention only three below ) Alden plays the role of Ethan Wate the main character we are first introduced to and which the plot of the story follows from his point of view, much like the books this is based off. Alden Ehrenreich plays a convincing role as the small town boy who aspires to be different and intelligent planning to leave rather than follow the small minded community members of Gatlin that will undoubtedly stay in the town for the rest of their lives, this Southern gentlemanly style of character stays with Ethan and is more so expressed when the new girl arrives at the school, Lena Duchanne also known as "old man Ravenswood's niece." Alice Englert plays the unknown new girl Lena and we soon realise she isn't what she seems, as windows decide to smash inwards all on their own doing, along with bizarre weather patterns that involve lightning hitting the same place, making the towns folk dust off their bibles and prayin to the good lord for mercy. But this is a romantic and all the commotion has an appealing magnetism for Ethan and so instead of avoiding the 'not so cool girl' that dresses weird and is related to the towns version of the Boogie man Macon Ravenwood (Irons), he goes and talks to her getting closer to her feelings than her not so normal family would like, the idea would be to break them apart and Lena's Uncle, Macon Ravenwood is determined to do so and who better to play the role as the intimidating relation but Academy Award winner Jeremy Irons. Irons brings a life time of experience to the set and to see him perform in this type of genre is quite different but effective, as he plays Lena's Uncle we see he cares for her deeply and can be instantly branded with being an over protective guardian, but who wouldn't be if your nieces sixteenth birthday would decide whether or not you turn to the 'Dark or the Light' also known as the 'Claiming' simply put the Good, or the bad to the bone destroy everything in your path Evil, what a hurdle to get over right and it's not like anyone wants her to go Dark yeah? Right well there's that to.With a well written script that involves expressing humanity in a supernatural world coupled with wit and humour and just the right amount of special effects this is a fun and entertaining film to see. It wasn't spectacular but it's worth a look. And I hope someone gives the two budding actors Alice & Alden another go because they weren't all that bad.PS If you have read the books and disagree with how the movie panned out, don't make it your mission in life to hate it, take it for what it is, they can't make the same magic that a writer can with a pen but they can get pretty close. I had seen the movie first before I read the book, there are some major changes. But I liked the performances of the cast hence the reason for (My score) below. Acting (On all accounts) 8/10 VFX (for what there was) 6/10 Costume & Design 8/10 Book to Film Adaptation 4.5/10 Genre (Supernatural Romance, forbidden love, did it fit well in the film?) 7.5/10(My score) 7/10 Personal opinion I found it more enjoyable than Twilight. Worth a look, possibly not a read, you will probably be disappointed.
good  I watched this movie when I was a kid, and while it never caught my attention as I do other commercial movies, I think it had a quiet and subtle effect on me over the years. Sometimes I think about that film, but I never knew why. So, after watching it again as an adult I realized why this movie stay within me: Totoro is a rare film that manages to capture the essence of a child's emotions and vision without being filtered through the adult's tendency to editorialize it, to insert a moral judgment, or to sugar coat it. Mei's behavior is naked, showing raw happiness as well as anger. Her movements are strong and her voice fierce, she thinks she lives in a world without limitations and not binded by adult's notion of etiquette. Satsuki is at a crossroads between adulthood and what remains of her innocence, we see her anxieties and we identify the world of the movie through her eyes. Totoro's physical characteristic is actually menacing and otherworldly, and our first impression of him (through the girls' eyes) is a natural mix of fear and amazement... the same reaction any human would have when confronting something foreign. But then something magical happens: Totoro moves and behaves just like Mei. We identify with this raw, pure energy of joy and imagination. That Studio Ghibli managed to express this idea visually, through character design, storytelling, and animation, is a rare and special accomplishment. This effect cannot be described during a script meeting with a committee of marketing execs.A typical American studio would be worried about presenting its main character as frightening, would redesign Totoro as a "cuter" character as a safe strategy, and would certainly make the father more of a one-dimensional, stereotypical "adult" character for dramatic purposes.But in this movie, we see the background story of the characters by deceptively simple closeup shot of the pebbles in the stream, or the details of the bathtub.But the most telling moment of the movie is actually early on: when the girls tried to push down the rotting wooden support of the house. At first only playing around, they then gave a serious effort to try to bring it down. But it doesn't fall. Seeing that the support stays, they simply move on. That establishes the tone and the world they inhabit: Life is unpredictable. Adults must learn to expect the worst to happen in order to deal daily with the real world. But the child has not yet fully learned this skill, so through their eyes, we see what we were, and what was important to us, long buried but not forgotten.Kids should see this movie as an alternative to the shallow mainstream entertainment. Whether they like it or not is irrelevant; its lasting impact is worth more that the toy of the month. Adults should see this movie to re-look at themselves and what they were, who they are now, and what they want to become. It doesn't preach anything, it's a simple story that you will enjoy when you can stop and have time for yourself and for the people you care about.
good  Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade (1989) is an Action Classic adventure better film than Temple of Doom , is still the best follow up in the trilogy and clever. It is also the greatest sequel of all time. It is one of my personal favorite adventure movies of all time. I love this movie to death. I loved it as a child and I still love it. After the dark middle chapter it was time for Indy to return to form and more lighthearted fair. Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was the answer. Not to mention that bringing in Bond aka Sean Connery as Indy's dad was perfect casting. Connery adds his own whit & charm along with Indy's usual counterparts who where missed in The Temple of Doom. Last Crusade also bookends the trilogy well since the artifact he is after is related to God. While "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade" isn't by any means what I would consider a stellar film, it was still an enjoyable and memorable theatrical experience, and in my opinion, easily ranks as the best sequel in the series. For all its faults and shortcomings (perhaps most of all, River Phoenix' laughably terrible haircut as the young Indy), the film succeeds in hitting the key notes at the proper moments, thus drumming up enough of the right combination of story and thematic elements, action and humor to make it worthwhile. Nevertheless, the bottom line is that it still pales in comparison to the level of across-the-board excellence that was achieved in the original 1981 movie. Still though, fans of this one will definitely want to pick up this excellent release, of which, throughout the entire presentation, I only came across a handful of things I thought could possibly be improved upon technically.This is probably the best installment of the Indiana Jones series. Raiders is a spectacular introduction to Dr. Jones and his style, Temple of Doom is an awesome Action, Adventure flick! Last Crusade rights the ship again with a go-for-broke production. Everything about it is huge- Jones is saving the planet from the Nazis for the second time. The budget was in place and off went Spielberg to make an epic, successfully. The film is bookended by two of the best things to appear in any of Spielberg's output: A young Indiana "beginning" his archaeological career, losing his treasure- just like the opening of Raiders- and being told by the man in his trademark hat "You lost today kid, but that doesn't mean you have to like it." and at the end, riding off into the sunset, literally. Such a conclusion could be seen as contrived but it works so well here. Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade has lots of hand-to-hand combat, action-filled chases, and gun fights. Main characters are in near-constant peril, and one is shot point blank and almost bleeds to death. Minor characters are killed in somewhat gruesome ways, including beheading; a bad guy meets his end in a fairly disturbing scene. There's a bit of kissing/banter, and it's implied that two men have slept with the same woman. Language is mild, and there's ultimately a strong message about the importance of the father-son relationship.Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a 1989 American adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg, from a story co-written by executive producer George Lucas. It is the third installment in the Indiana Jones franchise. A cult film, still one of my favorite films in the series and the last good Indiana Jones movie we didn't need another sequel after third release. There's nothing more exciting than trying to keep up with the Joneses in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Indy's Nazi enemies are back and have kidnapped his father, Professor Henry Jones Sr. (Sean Connery), in their effort to locate the sacred Holy Grail. Following a trail from America to Venice to the deserts of the Middle East, it's up to Indy (Harrison Ford) to save his father, save the Grail and save the day in this non-stop, action-packed adventure the whole family will treasure.The chemistry between Sean Connery and Harrison Ford makes this movie a stand out from the rest of the series. The story of their father and son relationship wrapped in the search for the holy grail is what makes this spectacular Indy movie, a more meaningful adventure. 10/10 Bad Ass Seal Of Approval
good This is the show that helped me get through the 90's! From sophomores  in high school to college graduates, I was hooked to the entire gang. I  will never forget Brandon, Kelly, Steve, Donna, Dylan, Valerie, David,  Brenda, Noah, or Clare.   In 1990, Aaron Spelling (Dynasty, Love Boat, Charlie's Angels)  unleashed the FOX teen drama Beverly Hills 90210, a show based on the  lives of the rich, snobbish high school students of Beverly Hills. Who  would have known the show would last 10 years? New to California,  siblings Brandon and Brenda made friends with the students of West  Beverly High. Through high school, David witnessed best buddy Scott  accidentally shoot himself, Donna kept her virginity, Brandon and  Andrea became great friends, Steve was the sexed up prankster, and  Brenda found out Dylan and Kelly were together when she was in Paris.  After graduating West Beverly, the gang moved onto college. Donna got  involved with abusive musician Ray, Brandon and Kelly dated, Brenda  moved away, Dylan got married only to have his bride shot and killed by  his rival, bitchy Valerie moved into the Walsh house and made enemies  with Kelly, Kelly's druggie boyfriend Colin got arrested, and many of  the gang had already had addictions (Dylan, Kelly, David, Valerie,  Colin). After college, the gang got out into the real world. Brandon  and Kelly nearly married, Dylan returned, Valerie accused Noah of rape,  Steve met and married Janet after getting her pregnant, Donna's sister  Gina moved to Beverly Hills, and in the end, Donna and David got  married.   The memories will never be forgotten.   Kelly getting shot at LAX, Donna loosing her virginity to David on  graduation night, Dylan's father "killed" in a car explosion, Kelly  caught in a fire at Steve's rave, Brenda/Dylan/Kelly/, Valerie and  Kelly rivalry, Andrea sleeping with married man, Gina slapping Kelly,  and David and Donna's series finale wedding.  Dylan, Kelly, Brandon, David, Donna, Brenda, Steve, Valerie, Clare,  Andrea, Gina, Noah, Carly, Matt, and Ray: You will never be forgotten!
good  Honestly, I found the DVD of this film in my house and decided to give it a watch as I had nothing better to do. Truth is I really should have made the time before.Although I enjoy all the other Disney/pixar movies, I am at that teenage age where I mainly seek Violence, sex and gore. Thankfully my teenage boredom did me a big favour in helping what this fantastic masterpiece. This film was so fantastically deep, meaningful and moving beyond relief, as soon as I switched it off I rang my grandparents to tell them I love them.It should be made necessary that everyone everywhere should see this film and I think the world would be a much better place - it really is that good.100/10
good  Paper Moon is one hell of a movie. I saw this film as a 10 year old in 1973 and loved it then as I do now at 39. Set in Depression era Kansas, it is story of the relationship between Addie, a smart talking 7 year old, and Moses, a bible selling con man who might be her father. The on screen chemistry between Ryan and Tatum O'Neal is fantastic. Madeline Kahn is great as a side show floosey they pick up along the way and she almost steals the show! Filmed in Kansas and Missouri, director Peter Bogdonavich used local people in cameo roles which adds to the authentic feel of the film. Also to the director's credit, this film may be one the best to portray 1930's America. All in all, Paper Moon is full of great characters and a fine story line. On a personal note, I saw this film with my 90 year old grandmother and she laughed throughout the film and said it was one the best films she ever saw. That's not a bad recomendation coming from someone born in 1883!
good The Flinstones This is what you'd call a "cute" movie, the cuteness mainly being the funny takeoff on objects, such as regular household appliances, that you see in here caveman-era-style. Most of those are prehistorical creatures having to perform the tasks of cleaning, but they are clever and funny to watch. In fact, there are so many of them it's tough to catch all of them. It would take a number of viewing to fully appreciate all the visuals in here.When I first saw this, I expected a really stupid movie. I had enjoyed but not been a big fan of the animated "Flintsones" series on TV, and thought this would be more of the same except with real actors. Actually, it was much better and had a surprisingly good cast for such a lightweight cartoon comedy.I mean, who would expect a big star like Elizabeth Taylor to be in this movie? She had the funniest lines, too, I thought. Her put-downs of poor "Fred" (the rotund John Goodman is perfectly cast) included lines such as, "the only good thing you provide for my daughter is shade." This is quite an eclectic cast with the likes of Taylor, Goodman, Rick Moranis, Rosie O'Donnell, Elizabeth Perkins, Kyle MacLaughlan and Halle Berry.As for the kids, there is no language problem in here, although they inserted the obviously- and-purposely misspelled word, "fuk" on a headline in a newspaper Fred was reading. (Hollywood just can't help itself.)
good An better than average action film. The script needed some work. The build is slow but it gets tense and doesn't let go once the baddies came in the picture. Solid indie action film.
good The Vietnam War has been one of the controversial wars in history and was an unpleasant experience for everyone involved. Oliver Stone harnessed these experiences to make Platoon; a film where he could illustrate to everyone what Vietnam was like from his perspective.In my opinion, this is the best war movie ever made. The sheer horror of war is captured so well in everyway. The fear of death, compatriots dying, divisions in the platoon, guilt of killing; it's all there and Stone doesn't try to disguise it. Platoon is very honestly written and it is this honesty that makes the film so great. Platoon isn't an anti war movie and it certainly does not glorify war in anyway, it is simply how war is in its entirety. There are some shocking scenes such as the one in the Vietnamese village but there are also more light hearted moments such as where the troops on Dafoe's side are partying and having a good time. On base camp, there is great contrast with the mood but on the forest, it is just fear, aggression and blood, nothing else.Taylor's (Charlie Sheen) story is very good as he experiencing war at the same time of the audience. Before the war, he was a rich kid who loved his grandma and it is how war changes him that is truly fascinating. The character story that always receives most praise however is that between Barnes (Tom Berenger) and Elias (Willem Dafoe) is very compelling and leads to some great scenes with them and carves an interesting divide within the camp. This film is big on character and explores many relationships but (take note Jarhead) doesn't sacrifice any action time for these scenes. Stone struck a perfect balance between action and story.Acting from everyone involved is very good. Sheen as the naïve newcomer is very good and after this, should have done much better for himself than he did. Dafoe and Berenger, once again steal the attention off the lead. Their extreme contrasting personalities is brilliantly done and raises the standard of the film. Berenger is truly terrifying, he didn't hold back in this one. Dafoe is much more sympathetic and will speak his mind to anyone. Johnny Depp makes one of his early film appearances with a small, yet memorable role. The way Sheen is wearing Depp's bandana after Lerner (Depp) gets taken by the chopper is discretely done but touching.Platoon is the best war movie there's ever been. Stone wrote and directed this film with such passion that it couldn't be anything but good. A great mix of characters, a great cast and such well crafted action scenes are all what you need for an exceptional war movie and they're all here. The film ends perfectly as we are given a chance to reflect and take it in before the credits start rolling. Stone, who often misses the point with his films, hit the nail on the head with this one.
good  Occasionally there's a film that literally changes one's perceptions of the world.   `Grave of the Fireflies' is one of those films.    No movie ever made generates such an intense and powerful emotional response as this one. It's an animated film set in Japan during the closing days of World War II. Two children; a boy named Seita and his much younger sister Setsuko; must quickly learn to cope with life after their mother is killed during a fire-bombing raid by American B-29's.    The film starts with the children and their mother preparing for the attack, then follows the children as they attempt to survive the death of their mother, and the possible death of their father, a naval officer serving aboard the Japanese heavy cruiser `Maya.'  (A US submarine torpedoed the `Maya' in late October of 1944 during the battle of Leyte Gulf.)The story of two orphans trying to survive in war-ravaged Japan is not the subject of your typical light-hearted animated film.   In fact it may be much too serious for anyone under the age of 14.  The first five minutes of the film hits one like a sledgehammer  by far the most emotional opening scene I've ever come across.  I found myself already reaching for the tissues, and trying to choke back the tears.Yet there's more than just tragedy in `Grave of the Fireflies.' It is the most awesome love story one is ever likely to see.  But it's far from the typical Hollywood idea of a love story.   Instead of the usual highly attractive Hollywood actors of the opposite sex pining for one another in front of the camera, we have an animated Japanese brother and his much younger little sister.   It's not a tale of romantic love, but one of `brotherly' love.  Seita loves his little sister, and once he discovers that his mother has been killed in the bombing, he does everything he can to keep his sister from finding out about her horrible death.   Then, with typical Japanese seriousness, he begins to immediately provide for and comfort Setsuko; she being the only member of his immediate family he has left.   Though not stated in the film, it seems obvious that part of Seita's motivation for looking so carefully after his sister has to do with avoiding his own pain and despair having been left with NOTHING after the bombing attack.   No mother, no father, no home.   The war Japan is waging against the rest of the world takes its toll on these two little ones, without regard for their feelings or emotions.That which truly broke my heart into ten thousand tiny pieces was the selfless way Seita looked after his younger sister, and shielded her from the horrors all around, especially the lack of food.  Films show us many things, some good, some evil, but rarely has any film shown how one person so unselfishly puts another ahead of them self.   Seita does makes some mistakes in the way he goes about taking care of his sister, but I can't fault him for his love and his devotion.   Who of us have always chosen the best path, the most perfect way of doing things?   Surely not I!   Seita's obvious love and devotion to Setsuko is the most moving and convicting thing I've ever come across on film. I use the word `convicting' because this movie convicted me of my own very selfish nature.   `Grave of the Fireflies' caused me sadness not just because of Seita's brave attempts to take care of his little sister; but because he gave of himself so totally and completely, even though his sister was a liability to his own survival.   I could not help to be convicted concerning all the many times there have been family and friends who have needed my help or understanding, but I ignored them in favor of `doing my own thing.'   How sad I am for all those times I've ignored the suffering of others and their cries for help.   This film showed the evil in my own heart  something that I would not have noticed on my own.  But now that the blinders have been removed, I can repent of my selfishness, and look for ways to help others, instead of avoiding them. Some Japanese anime I've seen are very much anti-American.  But even though it's the Americans dropping the bombs in this film, there is no overt anti-American message.   In many ways, the Japanese civilians are shown in as bad a light as is the American air and naval forces!   Their hard hearts and stubborn ways are displayed on the screen without apology; and one can see how the plight of the two children is made even worst by the selfishness of the adults that they have come to rely upon. It would be easy for someone from `the West' (i.e. the USA, Canada, Western Europe, Australia, etc.) to think that the two children depicted in this animated marvel were the exception, rather than the rule.  They lived in very trying times, and surely children in this day and age do not have to go through experiences similar to Seita's and Setsuko's.  Unfortunately, that's not the case.   There are still major problems with orphans and unwanted children in the former communist block countries of Eastern Europe and Russia itself.  There are also large numbers of unwanted children roaming the streets of China, India, Mongolia, and various other Asian nations.   We may not here about it on the news, or hear our friends talk about it; but I assure you that there are literally millions of children around the world whose situation is no better, if not much worst than that of Seita and Setsuko.      I am very thankful I had the honor of watching this film.   I'm also very thankful for the people who put it together.   But most of all, I'm very thankful for the positive impact it has had on my life.
good I mean She's Out of My League is right up there with The 40 year old Virgin(2005), and I Love You, Man(2009), a raunchy vulgar comedy that manages to have a heart to it. I mean Role Models(2008), hardly had anybody likable in it, and it was a big hit, and i'm still trying to figure that one out. But this film had two likable leads that you wanna route for.Kirk(Jay Baruchel from Knocked Up), works at at an airport, he's a nice guy, but painfully shy and insecure. His buddies that he works with say thats because women don't consider him boyfriend material, cause he is too safe. But all that changes one day when the ever so enchantingly beautiful Molly(Alice Eve) forgets her cell phone, while boarding a plane, she uses her friends cell phone to call her cell phone, and Kirk finds it and answers it, she asks him can he hold it for her. Kirk brings it back to her, Alice soon wants to spend more time with Kirk. But will Kirk insecurities ruin it? The critics are quick to bash this movie, but give Role Models a thumbs up, go figure. I liked Jay Baruchel and Alice Eve they where characters to route for, and where very enjoyable to watch, although Baruchel was more funnier then Eve, the comedy just happened around her. Lindsay Sloane(Big Red from Bring It On) is also good has Marnie, Kirks ex. Krysten Ritter is also amusing as Patty, Mollys friend. But the real scene stealer IS T.J. Miller has Kirks friend Stainer, who steals almost every moment when every scene he is in, he's like Jason Segal and Seth Rogen mixed together.I say don't listen to the critics, see this movie and form your own opinion.
good Double Indemnity is a film which fully embodies its genre, all the classic noir elements are present: venetian blinds, diagonal lines, a femme fatale and a victim of fate.Fred MacMurray takes the central role as victim of fate, Walter Neff; cast against type, MacMurray gives a thoroughly convincing performance as a typical insurance salesman transformed into a calculating killer.The estimable Barbara Stanwyck also delivers a typically faultless performance as the coldhearted and seductive Phyllis Dietrichson who enlists Neff in a plot to kill her husband and cash in on the insurance money.Although this film may seem clichéd today, as many thrillers since have offered similar plot lines, rarely has the story been told so well. For fans of Film Noir, Stanwyck or MacMurray, this is an absolute MUST SEE!
good  Even today in Vienna, one can take the "Third Man Tour" (Der Dritte Man) except, of course, that Orson Welles wouldn't go into the Viennese sewers and those scenes were done in England. There were actual sewer scenes with a double. Never mind, it is still a magnificent black and white film 99% filmed in Vienna. Directed by Carol Reed, it stars Joseph Cotten, Orson Welles, and Alida Valli.Western novelist Holly Martins (Cotten) comes to Vienna at the behest of his old friend Harry Lime, but when he arrives, he learns that Lime is dead after being hit by a car. He investigates and finds the circumstances very strange indeed, especially when learning there was a third man that helped carry Harry's body to the sidewalk, a man who has since disappeared.He then meets Harry's girlfriend (Alida Valli). And he also meets a police officer in the British section of Vienna, Inspector Calloway (Trevor Howard), who tells him that Harry was a murderer and a racketeer, and it's better that he's dead. Holly is shocked and demands proof.One of the most atmospheric films ever made, with its zither music, cinematography, and Vienna at nighttime. Then there's some brilliant dialogue, particularly the "cuckoo clock" speech made by Orson Welles.The cinematography is particularly striking: odd angles, back lighting, and shadows on empty streets. And who can forget the man hidden in the doorway, when the light from an apartment goes on and shows his face - certainly one of the great appearances of a star in a film.One feels Lime's presence throughout the film, though he only has five minutes of screen time.Though none of these actors were the first choice to play their roles, they are all excellent.There was a Third Man TV series in 1959 that ran for six years and starred Michael Rennie as Lime. In the series, Lime is a hero. He's no hero in the movie, but it is a powerful story and film, never forgotten once seen.
good Beirut is the latest film starring on Jon Hamm. I can see Jon Hamm being nominated for an Oscar. Please if they are recasting Batman please cast him know. Know this film will upset some Middle Eastern people but I believe it shows the good and bad of the area it is located. I can also see this film being nominated for Oscar because of the score was unusual that it was not traditional American score but instead it more ottoman empire inspired score. I am giving this film 8 and ½ stars out of 10.
good My quick rating 5,7/10. Ever wonder who that Facebook friend is that you just accepted since you play the same game? Here is your darker look into who that person may be. These days we accept these requests all the time and most likely don't think much of it. For Laura (Alycia Debnam-Carey) it turns out to be a mistake befriending a social outcast at her university. Fans of these types of movies will be pleasantly surprised at what transpires. The obsession factor is acted out very well and does use the supernatural aspect to give it a little more "umph" then just some crazy chick stalking the popular girl. The pacing of the movie takes you along without overdoing it nor leaving you bored. Aside from some pretty dumb decisions by the lead, this flick does well in captivating the audience and most assuredly making you wonder about the "what would you do" factor. Some nice visuals to add to the creepy atmosphere also assist. Going in I expected a cheesy movie but came out quite satisfied with what I saw.
good This film is based on the true series homicide happened in the country of Korea from 1986 to 1990.Salinui chueok is similar to Seven but focuses more on the back ground of Korea at that time and explains why the police couldn't catch the murder.  The murder is very careful and cruel.  The cops are dying to catch the murder but the military government uses the police force to cease the protest.  The cops, also uses violence to the suspects to get the false confession rather than using a scientificinvestigation.After the film, I felt sympathy for the victims and was furious at the murder who hasn't got caught, yet.  This is the director's intention to make the audience look back the sad past of Korea.Excellent directing, acting, cinematography.  The best Korea film lately.
good  Worst lighting of any movie I've ever seen. Was this filmed with candles? Thank the Lord it was a short movie or I might have went blind. The slave character (a major character) in the book isn't even in this film version. In the book they are in Virgina but this looks like it was filmed in Louisiana with all the moss covered trees. An all around disappointment and not worth watching. My advice is to read the book.
good 'Interstellar' was incredible. The visuals, the score, the acting, were all amazing. The plot is definitely one of the most original I've seen in a while. Most of the critic reviews have said that some bits are a little too unbelievable, but I have to disagree. Yes, there were some parts that were definitely in the "fi" part of sci-fi. But the thing is, 'Interstellar' deals with concepts that we know very little about. We have no idea what the 4th or 5th dimension is like, or what it would be like to go through a wormhole or a black hole. I don't think it's fair to call something unbelievable, when we have absolutely no idea what WOULD be believable in those circumstances. Either way, excellent writing from the Nolan brothers. The visuals were outstanding, and will no doubt be nominated for an Oscar. The performances were excellent, though nothing Oscar worthy, as is the case with most of Nolan's films ('The Dark Knight' being the obvious exception). Hans Zimmer's score was amazing and blended perfectly with the film. All in all, 'Interstellar' is an excellent movie, which I personally think is Nolan's most beautiful film to date.
good Tyler did an excellent job with this film. Especially for it to had been shot in 8 days. Taraji was AMAZING!!!! I only have a few nitpicks...the story of their younger self was too long for me, the ocean set at TP Studios needs work, the green screen work looks cheap by today's standards, and Tarajis narrating was too structured at some points. Overall I really enjoyed the movie. I want to see it again!! We stood outside talking about it with other moviegoers lol. Definitely worth a watch!!
good  A towering classic of American cinematic power.  Martin Scorsese teams up with one of the most intense actors of that time to create a masterpiece of urban alienation.  Paul Schrader's magnificent script paints a portrait of loneliness in the largest city of the world.  Travis never once enters into a meaningful relationship with any character anywhere in the film.  He is the most hopelessly alone person I've ever encountered on film.He is alone with his thoughts, and his thoughts are dark ones.  The film fools you on a first viewing.  Is Travis an endearing eccentric?  Sure, he's odd, but he's so polite, and he's got a quirky sense of humor.  His affection for Betsy is actually rather endearing.  But on a second view, you see it for what it is.  The audience comes to see Travis's psychosis gradually, but there's actually far less development than one might think. When he talks about cleaning up the city, the repeat viewer knows he doesn't mean some sort of Giuliani-facelift.  This is less a film about a character in development as it is a kind of snapshot.  To be sure, it takes the stimulus to provoke the response, but does that imply some kind of central change in the character?Tremendous supporting roles are brought to life through vivid performances by Keitel and Foster especially.  Shepard's character, Betsy, is little more than a foil to highlight Travis's utter alienation from society, but she is still impeccably portrayed.  With only two scenes that don't center on Travis, it is unavoidably De Niro's show.  The life with which the supporting cast imbues their characters is a credit to themselves, and to the director's willingness to let the film develop from the intersection of diverse ideas and approaches.  What would the plot lose by eliminating the Albert Brooks character (Tom)?  Nothing at all.  He makes almost no impact on Travis's life, which is where the plot lives.  But his inclusion makes the film as a whole much richer and fuller.As a piece of American cinema history, this film will live forever.  But far more important than that, this film will survive as a universal, ever-relevant examination of the workings of the alienated mind.  The story doesn't end when the credits roll.  We know Travis will snap again.  But the story doesn't end with Travis either.  It continues today in the cities and in the schools.  The film is about the brutal power of the disaffected mind.This film didn't cause the incidents in Colombine, or Hawaii, or Seattle, or wherever you care to look, even with all of its disturbing images of violence.  It didn't cause those things.  It predicted them.
good Sin City: A Dame to Kill For, much like its predecessor, should really be considered a bad film. Yet its bizarre mixture of cartoonish ultra-violence, cheesy dialogue, and noire aesthetic come together to create something incredibly unique. It is also a film that makes good use of 3D, as at times it looks like you are staring at a three dimensional diorama of a comic book frame, and it is beautiful.The cast is strong, although with so many big names a lot of them only end up getting a few minutes of screen time. Mickey Rourke returns as Marv, and is clearly the heart of the movie, featuring in three of the four stories in major roles. Josh Brolin takes over for Clive Owen as Dwight, which works well given the darker tone in A Dame to Kill For. As for Joseph Gordon-Levitt as Johnnie, a newcomer to the franchise, Gordon-Levitt does well enough with the role, but Johnnie's story itself is rather forgettable. Jessica Alba returns as Nancy, and is both appropriately sexy and scary at the same time. The casting couldn't have been better.The plot itself consists of four loosely connected stories featuring the four lead protagonists respectively, it does feel a little rougher during the transitions between them compared to the original Sin City. The titular story, A Dame to Kill For, certainly stands out among the four, and fans will be more than pleased with this adaptation of one of the most beloved Sin City comics.Sin City: A Dame to Kill For may not be as innovative or as seamless as the original, but it is still a great, unique piece of cinema.Now I hope you don't mind me saying this... But this here is a film to kill for.
good I saw this movie was trending on social media and it's conveniently on Netflix. I thought, what the heck, I can spend a couple hours watching a horror movie. I along with many other horror fans know the pain of unoriginal horrors with jump scares and flashy CGI, that's basically half of Netflix's horror movie lineup.Not only was I taken aback by the Sandra's performance as Veronica, but I enjoyed the whole cast. This was treading the line between low budget cult horror and big blockbuster movie. Some of the scenes were chilling and had a lasting effect during the movie and afterwards while I'm writing this review.Without spoiling anything, they were very creative with the story, and some elements that supposedly happened back in 1991 are terrifying. The photographic evidence from the actual police report makes you realize this might be a realistic recreation. If you're a horror fan, this is a great movie to watch. It's a fresh breath from the "cookie cutter" paranormal movies, while at the same time has some elements that can spook you. I don't get scared by too many movies, and while this one didn't scare me, it kept me entertained.
good In Hong Kong, 1962, the editor Chow Mo-wan (Tony Leung Chiu Wai) and his wife, and the secretary Su Li-Zhen Chan (Maggie Cheung) and her husband simultaneously move to an old building. Each couple has just rented a room in apartments on the same floor. Their wife and husband stay most of the time away from home, and Chow and Li-Zhen have the same habits: they like kung-fu stories and noodles and soap from a restaurant nearby the building. Their close contact becomes friendship and a sort of platonic and repressed love. Later they realize that their mates are having an affair, Chow falls in love with Li-Zhen, but her shyness and probably repressed condition of married woman keeps her love in a platonic level. 'In the Mood for Love' is a very slow, beautiful, melancholic and romantic love story, with a wonderful photography and soundtrack and a very unusual edition. The film had not had a screenplay, and the actors were never sure about what they would be shooting. Later, the director edited his story based on the footages. When Chow moves to Singapore, there is a gap of many years in the story until 1966, when its conclusion is intentionally open and not well defined, leaving questions such as who is the boy with Li-Zhen. My vote is eight.Title (Brazil): 'Amor À Flor da Pele' ('Love on the Surface of the Skin')
good  ALIEN received mixed reviews when it debuted in 1979--largely from science fiction critics, who accused it of being little more than a sort of Friday the 13th in Outer Space, a blood-and-gore horror flick given a futuristic twist via special effects. But while these accusations have more than a little truth, it has been an incredibly influential film--and even today, in the wake of CGI effects, it still holds up extremely, extremely well.The story is well known: the crew of an interstellar craft responds to what seems a distress signal, only to encounter a remarkably lethal alien life form that boards their ship and sets about picking them off one by one. Some of the special effects are weak (the alien spacecraft and the android "revival" are fairly notorious). There is little in the way of character development, the film has a fairly slow pace, and the story itself is predictable; you can usually guess who is going to die next.BUT. The art designs are incredible: the entire look of the film, from the commercial nature of the spacecraft to the iconographic alien itself (brilliantly envisioned by Giger) is right on the money. Director Ridley Scott encouraged his cast to ad lib from the script, and the result is a shocking sense of realism--and the somewhat slow pace of the film and the predictability of the story gives it a sense of relentless and ever-mounting paranoia that is greatly enhanced by the tight sets and camera set-ups. With its odd mixture of womb-like organics and cold mechanics, ALIEN is a film calculated to send even the most slightly claustrophobic viewer into a fit of hysteria.The entire cast, led by Tom Skerrit and Sigorney Weaver, is very, very good--and the film abounds with memorable images and scenes ranging from John Hurt's encounter with the alien egg to Skerrit's search of the ship air ducts to Weaver's terrifying race against time as the ship counts down to self-destruct. Seldom has any film been so consistent in design, cast, direction, and out-and-out fear factor, and although certain aspects of ALIEN are open to legitimate criticism the end result is powerful enough to bring it in at a full five stars. A word of warning, however: you'll need to send the kids to bed for this one. And you'll probably be up half the night afterward yourself! Recommended.Gary F. Taylor, aka GFT, Amazon Reviewer
good Stupid writing, bad acting, way low budget. A waste of time!
good  Here it comes ..get set go . Boom boom boom kaboooom !! Welcome to other side of India, so rustic was the ambiance created that you wonder if it is the same India you belong to. I am going to take some time to absorb the stress. To be frank, I desperately need Yash Chopra's goody goody movie dose to clear my hangover.As with old Hollywood era, one side there were Tom Hank's feel good movies and other side were Clint Estwood's unadulterated Taxan flick. In Bollywood, we are coming up with good number of nail biting northern rural dramas (Can anyone forget Omkara or Ishqiya.. !). I personally believe these are much much better than latest trend of copying of southern OVER POWERED HERO's movies (does anyone needs Name?).When top notch direction meets with crunchy script a full blown entertainment is sure to be due. And Manoj Vajpai ..who?? (Yes yes yes fair enough.... I still remember Manoj Vajpai of Satya frame) is coming up at his own. There were others (still not able to get their names ), who were equally impressive. The only disappointment was editing, 20 minutes of cuts could have given GOW a Gem status. But yeah, may be that I can wish for part II. All in all, its treat to watch, if you like Spices more than Sugar ;-).
good  I honestly didn't really know what to expect. I heard bad things from critics but I usually go with an open mind when seeing movies. I was willing to give this a chance. I thought it can't be that bad but boy oh boy. Maybe I should has listen to the warnings. The Book of Henry is a baffling mess. The sad thing is that if it had a director who could expertly balance tone like Tarantino or someone like David Fincher, maybe it could have work but it was given to Colin Trevorrow, the guy who made the poorly written tonally awkward Jurassic World. He seems to be completely out of his element.It's clearly trying the deconstruct the Spielberg whimsical kid movies that plagued the 90's era of film making. I hear the script was made over 20 years ago and boy does it show in lots of ways. It's kind of like that movie The Lovely Bones where it tries to be whimsical and then out of nowhere dark and disturbing. Maybe not as much as that movie but you get the point. It's a movie mixing oil and water together and it can easily break apart with the wrong director. It's not exactly original but it did have some good acting. The characters aren't well written to begin with but the tone shift is handled so poorly, you wonder who gave this to Trevorrow to begin with. He clearly doesn't know how to handle tone shifts well. Interesting idea but poor execution. Just a big misfire. He need to get his stuff together for EP 9. I give it a 2 for the acting and that's it.Go see Baby Driver. That's a movie that is completely original and handles it's tone very well. I recommend that movie instead. Go support that movie.
good Raging bull is my favorite film. Robert de Niro's performance in this film is truly amazing and the direction from Scorsese and the script from Paul Schrader are flawless. The fight scenes are the most brutal that I have ever seen on film even though theres only like 12 minutes of them and the editing is simply brilliant. It should have earned Scorsese a best director oscar but at least they had enough sense to award de Niro the best actor oscar.I'll come back to this film forever.
good With Silence of the Lambs comes some much needed recognition for the horror genre.  It is a first-rate production all around.  It boasts a witty and suspenseful script based on the Thomas Harris novel, full of great lines. It has marvelous direction from Demme.  Demme creates suspense very well throughout and uses some great directorial shots such as the twin frames of Clarice ringing a doorbell and the FBI men breaking into a home.  The two lead actors won oscars for their performances...each deserved.  Foster is very good in her role, but it is Anthony Hopkins that literally lights up the screen with his complex portrayal of a complex serial killer.  Hopkins does the seemingly impossible. He frightens you with his outrageousness and yet illicts some pity/compassion(albeit not a lot) for his situation.  He says his lines with reservedness when needed and brashness when needed.  The rest of the cast is also quite good with Anthony Heald a standout as a unethical, petty doctor in charge of Hopkins.  Of course the story of the other killer is very very chilling as well.  A quality film in all aspects!
good The Wachowski Brothers are back at it again.  After their big hit with "The Matrix" in 1999, they decided to do another film, and to be honest, it won't let you down. This film is intensely thrilling from beginning to end, and really gets the adrenaline pumping. This futuristic story follows a man known by the alias 'V' (Hugo Weaving), a masked freedom fighter, who battles for justice against the government in London.  Put up against the totalitarian British government, a mild-mannered woman, Evey Hammond (Natalie Portman), was rescued from an urgent situation by V. Very captivating and tremendously skilled in the arts of combat and deception, V, using unconventional and questionable methods, urges the citizens of London to rise up against the tyrannical rule of Britain's chancellor, Adam Sutler (John Hurt).  As Evey slowly uncovers the truth about V's mysterious past and that of her own, she emerges as his unlikely ally in the culmination of his plan to overthrow the British government to bring freedom and hope back to society. Hidden behind the Guy Fawkes mask, Hugo Weaving really proves he is a versatile actor. His character provokes thoughtful questions in a dystopian future, and every emotion of his character is brought out with such elegance. Portman also excels as she really is the heroine of the film, and she handles the role quite well. The overlying plot to bring justice to Britain is taken aback at times by the unlikely bond between V and Evey, and the scenes between them are touching and well handled. The film's use of darkness effectively displays the dystopian state of Britain. Although a lot of scenes were shot outside, they were always dark and in tight corners to give you the feeling that you were constantly being monitored, which you were. Also, the use of camera angles help distinguish the powerful from the weak. In the beginning of the movie, the camera always angled up towards the chancellor from the point of view of the people. This exemplifies the authority the chancellor has over the citizens of Britain. As the movie progresses, the camera angle slowly rises and eventually is directly overhead all the people in the streets. V is an idea, a symbol, a metaphor that cannot be destroyed.  A man can be killed, but as an idea, he is indestructible. His message becomes more powerful as people gaze upon him, but not the man underneath the mask. One man can only try to make a difference in society, but as a united force of men and women, great change can be achieved. An exciting adventure to say the least, this film has all the works: great directing, captivating script, phenomenal acting, and is in its own way, breathtaking.
good "Violence isn't the worst thing in the world. What is then? Apathy."I'm sure that some movie critics of reputable newspapers ("The Guardian" and the like) and magazines are awful, out-of-touch guys, who pine away on a dusty attic avoiding any contact with other human individuals. Pessimists who cringe at the sign of a bit of emotions and sugar-sweet feelgood moods and hide like a slug that encounters a grain of salt on her path. The result is an allergic reaction of disgust and aversion, after which they begin to spit their guts and criticize the targeted object. Is "The Book of Henry" really overly-sentimental? Is it so sugary that your blood glucose levels suddenly go berserk? Is it so un-freakin-believable that a Jerry Springer show looks like a realistic show? And does the second part of the movie about revenging a child molester feel extremely exaggerated? Maybe yes. However, calling this film the biggest crap of the year, demonstrates shortsightedness and empathy similar to that of a mummified Egyptian pharaoh.Whatever they claim, "The Book of Henry" is an amiable and entertaining evening filler. Something I'm yearning for after an endless series of nerve-racking or extremely serious movies where you need to stay focused, so you won't lose the thread after another plot-twist. I admit I watched the first chapter with more pleasure than the second chapter. Not because of the acting. But content-wise it was sometimes a bit too much and after a while it lost a bit of its credibility. For instance. I doubt you can buy a high-tech sniper rifle in the U.S. just by saying some obscure name and waving with a bundle of dollar bills. Let's skip the formalities! And someone calling the authorities after seeing an emotional performance of a ballet dancer, was quite bizarre. Especially when bruises and the timid behavior of the girl herself (plus Henry's testimonies) didn't ring any bells before.You can say the film is kind of bizarre. Not only because of the family situation in which the Carpenter family finds itself. That's already extremely strange. Also the sudden twist in the middle of the story is bit of uncommon. Not often a main character leaves the story so early. Even though he isn't completely out of the picture. And that's why I'm talking about two chapters. The "pre" and "post" Henry period. Perhaps the mix of genres is a cause for criticism. At first, it looks like an innocent youth movie. Then it goes from a melodrama to a thriller with a revenge motive. Granted, that might be too much as well.I enjoyed the acting the most. Jaeden Lieberher as bright Henry. A young boy looking at the world with very different eyes due to his unimaginable intelligence and at the same time he's still like an average, everyday boy. The way in which he confronts his classmates with the real facts is both sobering as extremely funny. Lieberher plays this with seemingly little effort. A brilliant mind but played in such a way that he remains human. Only I thought that his cartoonish machine he designed, using wires, hammers and wooden mechanisms, was quite contradictory to his high intellectual abilities. Naomi Watts (gorgeous role in "Demolition" by the way) is a known quantity, although she's acted of the screen a bit by her dominant son and all she seems to be doing is hitting the buttons on her PS4 controller. Even in the second chapter, Henry is holding her hand and is in charge of everything. But especially Jacob Tremblay, as the younger brother Peter, really surprised me. Not because of his impact on the story. But the professionalism he displays in shaping his personality. A likable and highly amusing character. Maddie Ziegler knew how to play the emotionally broken neighbor girl in a sublime way. A rendition in which the repressed emotions impressed more than Henry's occasional hyper-kinetic behavior.Perhaps it's my age that makes me more melancholic and I'm touched much faster. However, I think most viewers approach this movie in a wrong way. I read somewhere that Henry's preconceived plan (which he has worked out in detail in his red booklet) is the opposite of his intellectual ability. A burst in his wisdom because it's revenge he's after. However, perhaps this was the only solution he could come up with after deductive and analytical reasoning. How does anyone react when witnessing that a criminal offense goes unpunished? And legal measures don't have the desired effect? Perhaps it takes more time for average intelligent people to come to the same conclusion.I'm afraid I'm the only one with a positive opinion about this movie. Apparently, I like to root for the underdogs among movies. I'm sure that critics and opponents of "The book of Henry" will say that Trevorrow, after this cinematic adventure, delivered better work in the more realistic blockbuster "Episode IX". Even if he would add a scene with Chewbacca, Han Solo and Luke Skywalker dancing the can-can, these experts of stories on celluloid will probably approve it and claim that the man has added a willful interpretation to the Star Wars story. But he mustn't give in to willfulness when it comes to other movies (grinding teeth intonation). I am pleased that rebellious movies like "The Book of Henry" are made in Hollywood and not only the sometimes saltless crap that's being released. Because those are the movies where I say "Well, this was a great movie" when it's finished.More reviews here : http://bit.ly/2qtGQoc
good  Make them laugh, make them laugh. The American comic tradition and American movies were made for each other. Gold Rush is one example that Charlie Chaplin was the father of American comedy. Even though Chaplin loves to press political, economical, or social messages in his films, The Gold Rush remains true to its genre. It is a comedy non the less. Even at the end of the film when THE TRAMP receives a kiss, Chaplin reminds the audience that she has ruined the picture with the kiss. This is suppose to be a comedy!
good Why are people so upset that it's not historically accurate? It never purported to be a history lesson. Snappy dialogue and a few twists and turns and Jon Hamm being Jon Hamm. I thought it was good.
good  One could claim that 1988's "Die Hard" is one of the most influential action movies ever made because it basically revolutionized one of the most copied (but never matched, at least in terms of quality) formulas: a loner, by some unique twist of fate, battles it out with an "x" number of terrorists in an enclosed environment.By the time that "Die Hard" was released, the action movies were most often dominated by the likes of Arnold Schwarzenegger, Sylvester Stallone, and Chuck Norris. Star Bruce Willis, whose only notable credits at the time were television's "Moonlighting" and 1987's "Blind Date," which was released the year before, was the unlikeliest of them all.Willis was a wild card - an unlikely choice for the role of our hero "John McClane" - since he didn't have any action credits on his resume' and let's face it: Bruce Willis just didn't have the bulging biceps required for a role like this. But that's the beauty of his performance in this movie: he's an everyday guy, caught in a not-so-everyday situation.On Christmas, McClane's estranged wife Holly (Bonnie Bedelia) invites him from New York all the way out to Los Angeles to spend the holidays with the family. But it requires him to make a stop at the Nakatomi offices, which is having an after-hours Christmas party. Riding for the first time in a limo, he's introduced to the suave driver, Argyle (De'voreaux White), who gives him some pretty useful advice on trying to win over the wife.At Nakatomi, things of course get off to a rough start for McClane, as he gets into an argument with the wife and is left to wallow in his misery. However, those problems are about to take a backseat to the real "party" - twelve terrorists, led by Hans Gruber (all-purpose bad guy Alan Rickman, perfectly cast) - seize control of the building and proceed to rob the Nakatomi building of its assets, most of which include negotiable bonds and other valuables. But they didn't count on the "fly in the ointment" (pain in the a**) to make things hell for these so-called party crashers.Certainly one of the best known action movies ever, "Die Hard" did receive the scorn of critics upon its 1988 summer release, but the audiences sung a completely different tune.The film was most often praised for the production, with the brand-new Fox Plaza office tower serving as the fictional Nakatomi building. It was also praised for the energetic and skillful direction of John McTiernan, whose most notable credit was the action-sci-fi thriller "Predator," which was released the year before and starred Arnold Schwarzenegger.Bruce Willis was the perfect actor for this performance, since he brings the wit and vulnerability to a role like this one. If Stallone or Schwarzenegger were in this movie, I'm sure the effect would have been a lot different.Personally, I think "Die Hard" is one of the greatest action movies ever, up there close to my favorite action movie of all time, "Raiders of the Lost Ark." Like Indiana Jones in that film, "Die Hard" had an Everyman cast in the role; McClane, like Indiana Jones, wasn't a larger-than-life musclebound grotesque: he was a real guy that you cared about, who got hurt, and had real feelings.That's why I think both of these movies have sort of stood the test of time as becoming what they are best known for today: action classics, and they're here to stay, ladies and gentlemen.10/10
good (I saw a preview screening of this.)Director Gore Verbinski is best known for the Pirates of the Caribbean trilogy, and also Rango, The Ring, and The Mexican, so "quietly understated" is not really his thing, If the Pirates movies are kind of a throwback to old Hollywood swashbucklers, this is a more lurid version of old Gothic suspense thrillers like "Rebecca" or "The Island of Doctor Moreau."The main character is Lockhart (Dane DeHaan), who is the exact sort of morally bankrupt young financial hotshot you've seen in a bunch of other movies. His bosses are so cartoonishly evil that they may as well be counting wads of cash as they tell him he's being sent off to Europe to fetch a wayward executive whose signature is needed to allow a merger to go forth so as to allow them to rake in more millions. (Oddly, a similar plot undergirds the otherwise-completely different Will Smith vehicle "Collateral Beauty.")Most of the rest of the movie takes place in a Swiss Alps sanitarium where practically everything looks like it's from some time in the first half of the last century. I half expected John Harvey Kellogg to show up, but instead we get Volmer (Jason Isaacs), the place's director. As with the patients and the staff, there's something not quite right about the overly affable man, and the impatient Lockhart has plenty of time to figure it out after an accident delays his trip back to New York.Exactly what's going on, and why no one ever seems to leave the place, takes quite a while (almost 2.5 hours) to unspool, but Verbinski successfully distracts the viewer with visually arresting images of hallways, of peacefully exercising old people, of slithery fish, of living and maybe dead bodies in all shapes and sizes (but mostly white and old), and so on. A teen girl (aptly named Mia Goth), the only young person besides Lockhart, may hold some clues. Rather than a lush island, the sanitarium is high on a mountain, but the effect is the same, as if the viewer has been transported to a world apart.Does this all sound good? Then you'll probably like this very dark fable. The deep mystery of why the place is so strange is possibly layered with too much complication. I think everything fits together pretty well, but I'm not positive. I am positive that this is definitely going to be a lot different than anything else in the multiplex whenever you might choose to see it.
good Trailer doesn't do justice to the brilliance of storyline, direction and acting.Tyler say the story through two different eyes at the same time, and the audience relate to both. Taraji is just amazing. This movie deserves a global audience and Oscars.
good  First things first, about the emo Parker. I thought that was good. The movie needed some laughs, and he was there to give it. You wanna talk about bad Peter portrayal? Go watch the Amazing Spider-Man series, and enjoy as the so-called "Peter" does a flip on his skateboard and write "I love you" with his webs on bridge (Ha-ha-ha!). Sam Raimi didn't want to include Venom in this movie, but was forced to. All the fans complain about is that he didn't get enough screen time. Touche to that, truly. BUT, even the little screen time given to him was enough for us to see what he did in a very little time, and we wanted him dead. Now, for the best parts, tell me, didn't you guys like the Sandman part? The bad-ass villain was everything I wanted in this movie, and more. AGAIN, WANT TO SEE A BAD EXAMPLE OF TOO MANY VILLAINS IN ONE MOVIE? WATCH THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN 2! This movie didn't leave anything half-assed at least. The movie has grossed much more than any of the later Spider-Man movies (or should I even call them that) earned, and the only thing I was disappointed in was that they couldn't get the original series to finish off properly. Long story short, despite what you guys might say, I really loved this movie, and you should really look into the fact that Tobey pulled off the emo part well too.
good  We follow "the little fellow" (Chaplin), in his trip to Alaska to find gold - which he ends up succeeding in, finding love at the same time. The first half of the movie reunites Chaplin, another lonesome gold seeker, and a moral-less scoundrel in a shelter, under a particularly horrendous snowstorm. There happens one of the most memorable scene of the movie: Big Jim's delusion that Chaplin's is a giant (of course bearing Chaplin's manners) chicken, and his desperate attempts to eat him; but Chaplin is saved by a bear showing up which they finally eat. Then, parting their ways, begins the second half of the movie: the one-sided romance with the beautiful Georgia, met in a dance hall. How funny was the scene when she invited out of despair our little fellow to dance to avoid dancing with an invading Jake! How genius showed Chaplin to use Tchaykovsky's...Beauy & the Beast's waltz! Bringing to tear and laughters at the same time. As Georgia plays nastily and mocks and fools Chaplin, with her friends, and secretly discovers his love, her heart swings. But Chaplin is taken away by his former colleague, Big Jim, to "become millionaires" (i.e. find gold). And they find it! All ends well as the little fellow & big Jim, now millionaires, leave on a ship. While dressed poorly as in his earlier gold seeker day for a photography, he falls upon Georgia, who indisputably is happy to be with him, and even more happy to find him multimillionaires, as she hears from the ship crew. The moral? Women love damned $$$...
good  One of the greatest achievements in film history. This is not only an eye-popping cinematic treat, but one of the greatest stories ever put on celluloid. The movie lasts nearly four hours--- it's longer than any other mainstream commercially successful film ever made. But the time goes by so quickly that you'll miss it when it's over.Of course, we all know that this movie is set in the days of the Civil War in the 1860s. It's the story of Scarlett O'Hara, a plantation owner's daughter who is very beautiful and who seemingly MUST have her own way at all times. She's willing to scheme and manipulate everyone in her path until she gets it. When the movie opens, the country is on the verge of civil war--- North against South--- but Scarlett barely notices, and doesn't care in the least. Her biggest obsession is that she's in love with dreamy/poetic Ashley Wilkes, and she stays in love with him throughout 98 percent of the movie. The only problem is....Ashley doesn't have any particular interest in her at all. In fact, he spends most of the movie being married to gentle Melanie Hamilton--- a fact that frustrates Scarlett to no end. Ashley remains the one object of her desire that she is never to obtain.She would have been better off pining after Rhett Butler, a much more solid, rather dangerous man with a reputation as a no-good scoundrel. He is openly attracted to Scarlett, grows to love her (although he dare not let her know, or she'll use it against him), and it's obvious that he would make a lot better match for her than the drab Ashley. Very late in the movie, he finally does marry Scarlett. But it's probably too late for them to be happy by then, ironically--- and they never really are happy together.The complicated and utterly fascinating relationship between Scarlett, Rhett, Ashley, and Melanie is the fuel that keeps the movie going. But there are dozens, if not hundreds, of little extra twists and turns that fill out the movie. The Civil War backdrop for one, the colorful supporting roles for another. A great many reviewers here have seen Scarlett as purely a selfish, one-dimensional manipulative shrew. But she's far more than that! This is a complex, multi-dimensional young woman with lots of conflicting motives. Yes, she's selfish and manipulative. But she's also selfless: the extreme sacrifices that she makes on behalf of her family, and Melanie (keeping in mind that, other than her father, she doesn't even particularly like any of them) are nothing short of heroic. She is overwhelmingly protective of her loved ones. She's a ball of fire when work needs to be done, and she's fiercely courageous. Despite her hardness, she does also grow as a person. To her great credit, she slowly comes to value Melanie's friendship and support. She genuinely loves and is proud of her daughter. And at the very end of the movie, she does finally realize how ill-suited she and Ashley have always been for each other, and how little passion ever actually existed there.Some quick high points, and a few flaws: the supporting roles are superb in every way. Even the rather bland Ashley is given as much life as could be expected by actor Leslie Howard, and the other parts are vivid and fill out the movie. Two female parts in particular--- wise, funny, respected Mammy (Hattie McDaniel) and wistful, decent-at-heart prostitute Belle Watling (Ona Munson) are standouts.The scenery and photography is possibly the most superb ever done in the history of film. Many scenes are just sumptuously lit and filmed. The gripping nighttime escape from Atlanta (the whole city seemingly in flames) is one of the most spectacular action sequences ever done. The sunsets are jaw-droppingly beautiful.Much has been said about the supposed racism of this film. It's true that it does portray black slaves as being HAPPY to be slaves. But much more important, it's also true that the wisest person in the whole movie is Mammy. This black lady may be a slave--- later an employee--- but she is smart, funny, observant, and she's treated as an equal, if not a superior, throughout the movie. And it's made clear she deserves it. With no irony or rebuke whatever, she scornfully refers to certain low-lifes as "poor white trash", and we know (Mammy knows too) that if they get called that, they deserve it. She may be black, but she isn't inferior to them or anybody. And we root for her all the way.A few minor flaws, and I do mean minor: 1) Most of the acting looks pretty modern, but there are a very few scenes where it seems a little old-style. Hey enjoy the movie and don't worry 'bout it. People didn't do today's "method" acting in the 1930s. 2) Some of the "raw" scenes still have a Hollywood gloss to them. Even when Scarlett is on the brink of starvation and probably hasn't had a good bath in weeks, she looks perfectly made up with only a few hairs out of place. Oh well. It *was* big-time Hollywood after all. 3) The second half of the movie is more "talky" and less action-oriented than the first. I would not say it's more boring, just less movement. I don't find it draggy, but some people do. Still a heck of a good story, and a great film, so enjoy the ride!
good Utterly delightful. Father and daughter Ryan and Tatum O'Neal, under Peter Bogdanovich's superlative direction, produce one of the most affectingly warm and cunningly sly movies of the 1970s. Set in depression era America and beautifully photographed in pristine monochrome by Laszlo Kovacs, it's a period piece that refuses to get old, such is the deft imagery and sharpness of the screenplay.Story essentially comes down to conman Moses Pray (R. O'Neal) hooking up with orphan Addie Loggins (T. O'Neal), who may or may not be his actual daughter. Addie proves to be a precocious live wire, not easily fooled and she smokes, cusses and is more than capable of pulling a con herself. After initial indignation, Moses comes to court Addie's strengths and they form a dynamic partnership as they travel through Kansas, pulling cons left right and centre and piling the money up. But can it last forever?The chemistry between father and daughter is obviously set in stone, with young Tatum an absolute revelation. The screenplay gives them both ample opportunities to enchant and amuse the viewer as they get up to all sorts of tricks and scrapes. Yet there's always that feeling hanging in the dusty air that something has to give, that we are treading firmly in bittersweet territory, the crafty couple having earned our complete investment in their well being keeping us concerned even as we laugh out loud.Delightful. 9/10
good "Spotlight" is an American movie from last year that runs for slightly over 2 hours and was written and directed by Tom McCarthy. It won two Academy Awards earlier this year, including the grand prize for Best Picture. And the reason for this is probably that it is about a really important subject, namely the way it was discovered by a major newspaper that pedophilia was something that existed on a larger scale in the Church, despite many attempts of the latter to keep it disclosed. Mark Ruffalo and Rachel McAdams managed Oscar nominations for their supporting performances. I cannot say I agree with either sadly. McAdams played her part well, had a couple good moments, but I don't think it was one of the best of the year in her category. Probably more of a coattail nomination, I remember it was also pretty surprising she got in. Ruffalo's nomination was no surprise, he got in at all the precursors too. But I had sometimes problems with his performance. It seem over-the-top theatrical and it had a touch of one man against the Church at times, which went entirely against the idea of the team collaboratively managing great things. I am usually a fan of Ruffalo and he has good moments here too, but I think a mix of not so good writing and perhaps not the best approach to the role may have hurt the character. Keaton, Tucci, Slattery and Schreiber are pretty much the same, good but not great, but probably on par with the two nominees. It was a team effort and nobody really stood out.In terms of the entire film, I summarized it appropriately in the title I believe. It is a very important subject and it was a strong cast making this subject work with dignity and professionalism, but I personally felt the heart was missing. And this subject certainly would have deserved to make a more emotional impact in the grand scheme of things than it did on me. The attempts by McCarthy to deliver in terms of that were something that felt rather forced than effective to me. They brought in references to the journalists' private lives and how it impacted them to some extent, but it did not feel too compelling to me to watch these and the victims also did not add as much as I hoped they would. The ending with Keaton's "Spotlight" quote was nicely done though. I also liked the way they brought in 9/11 getting in the way of disclosing the events. Overall, I believe this is an important movie that is worth watching mostly because it all happened in reality and because with the Best Picture win, it is probably now the defining film on a very contemporary and tragic occurrence of events. But I still feel it did not make the impact that it could have made and my favorite McCarthy film to this day stays "The Visitor". But I recommend "Spotlight" too of course. I would say it's nowhere near the best or worst Best Picture Academy Award winners.
good Ok, so this is garbage. Confusing, bizarre storyline, coupled with a never-ending commute, strange character encounters and the worst stunts and CGI this side of WWE.Utterly appalling nonsense. Non of the gritty action that you'd be used to with Liam Neeson. Just a half-baked storyline, some cobbled together action and not much else.Avoid like the plague.
good I loved this movie as a kid. I still love it at age 21. Sure, it can be a bit sloppy at times, and it switches from plot a to plot b constantly.The stereotypes can be jarring at times. But you know what, it is still brilliant. The characters are likable. Even jar jar is not that bad. The acting is OK. Not great, but OK. The hate seems to stem from old trilogy fans, not knowing that this film was merely trying to be something different. Yes, if you want a film that feels like the old trilogy, this is not for you. But if you are looking for a fast-paced, lighthearted sci-fi action movie with one or two smart scenes, good scenery, and interesting alien designs, then this is for you.
good  Seven's quality puts it so far beyond most of the "cops on trail of deranged killer" genre that it comes out as a true jewel of cinema. Everything about seven is perfect. It is art captured on film. This movie is a bright spot for all of the stars who worked on it. Brad Pitt never gets the credit he deserves for his acting because he's a pretty boy and the press is a lot more interested about how he and Jennifer are doing. That's a shame because he is a talented actor that isn't afraid to take chances with both the roles that he picks and the characters that he plays. That is quite rare in the A-list world. Morgan Freeman is a great actor. You can always count on him to do what he does best which is play a wise veteran that has seen it all. Kevin Spacey is another great actor that has great range and really puts life and personality into his characters.The real talent of this movie, excluding the actors that brought it to life, is the director David Fincher and the writer Andrew Kevin Walker. Fincher's talents for making a visually stunning film are now well known and he often brings a dark patina to his work. Andrew Kevin Walker must have some incredible demons living inside him. Either that or one hell of an imagination for bringing the intricate story of Seven and the plan of John Doe to life. John Doe's plan really is twisted and I won't be spoiling it here. Suffice to say I have never seen so evil and complicated a plan in a movie before or since. The cinematography of the film is dark but beautiful and throughout the film it is either night or raining or both except for two very brief moments. It is such an emotional movie that you can't keep from being caught up in what is happening. Do you understand and sympathize with what John Doe is doing or do you think him a mad killer that must be stopped.Bottom Line: If you haven't had the opportunity to see Seven yet then you must at least rent it. It is so damn good that I know you will like it. The only reason you wouldn't is because you're just too damn fragile to take something this hardcore.
good  Most of you after reading my title are already going to be upset. I do consider this to be the best film ever made about war. I do not look at this film being about the Vietnam War. I look at this film being about war (Period).I think this film is as excellent as it is for one good reason, showing the effects of war. True, we see the films where men are shaped by war, what events make them who they are, and how the events of war transform them. It is mainly about what the war has done to them. The Deer Hunter takes a bigger step back from that and shows the entire character transformation. It does not just show the transformation of a soldier, but also the transformation as a civilian. You spend a good 40 minutes in the Deer Hunter getting to know the main characters and getting a feel for their personalities. The first 40 minutes is about character development and almost getting an attachment to those characters. This makes their transformation more effective for the viewer and they almost feel for the character and what they are going through. Than those characters get thrown into war and you see the events that change them. The things they had to experience as a soldier. And than, most importantly, we see the changes in their characters after the war. And we do not just see the changes in the soldiers, we see the changes that their friends and lovers undergo as a result of the war. We are not just looking at one soldier, we are looking at a network of friends and how they are changed due to the war. Even those who did not go to war are still effected. And the fact all the characters are from a small town makes it that much more powerful. The Deer Hunter is a powerful film about how war effects everybody, not just the soldiers involved in it.The cast is terrific! Robert De Niro, John Cazale, John Savage, Meryll Streep, and Christopher Walken. Need I say more. Christopher Walken won an Oscar for best supporting actor in this film. The script is beautifully written and the movie is filmed perfectly. I can find nothing wrong with anything about this movie. I mean, it did win 5 Oscars in 1978 including Best Picture and Best Director for Michael Cimino.This movie is emotionally powerful. I can not say this film is accurate about war, I can only give my opinion and take from the film what I can. I am an 18-year old teen who has an almost complete control over his emotions. This film brought me the closest to tears I have ever been by a movie. It is an absolute masterpiece. This is one of the greatest films ever made. Take the time to watch this film, it is a classic that hits you the hardest emotionally.
good *************************************The Alternate Title for this Review is: Three Stoners Make A Hollywood Movie *************************************The three stoners from "Workaholics" get the money to make a Hollywood movie and they deliver a film that constantly surprises and essentialy never turns boring. If you've ever smoked Salvia Divinorum before, you'll like it.
good In London, the wealthy Margot Mary Wendice (Grace Kelly) had a brief love affair with the American writer Mark Halliday (Robert Cummings) one year ago while her husband and professional tennis player Tony Wendice (Ray Milland) is traveling in a tennis tour. Tony quits playing to dedicate to his wife and finds a regular job and she decides to give a second chance for their marriage. When Mark arrives from America to visit the couple, Margot tells him that she had destroyed all his letter but one that was stolen in a depot; then she was blackmailed through letters but she had never retrieved the stolen letter. Tony arrives home and claims that he needs to work, and asks Margot to go with Mark to the theater. Meanwhile Tony calls the scum Captain Lesgate - aka Charles Alexander Swann (Anthony Dawson) that studied with him in the college and blackmails him to murder his wife, so that he would inherit her fortune. But there is no perfect crime, and things do not work as planned by Tony."Dial M for Murder" is one of the best thrillers of cinema history, with a theatrical story supported by an excellent screenplay and top-notch performances. Ray Milland is superb in the role of the Machiavellian and cynical Tony Wendice; Grace Kelly is extremely gorgeous and sweet in the role of a wife in the 50's; and John Williams is great in the role of the efficient and fussy Chief Inspector Hubbard. This time, the cameo of Alfred Hitchcock is in the picture of Tony's reunion. In 1998, Andrew Davis remade this movie with "A Perfect Crime", with Michael Douglas, Gwineth Paltrow and Viggo Mortensen. My vote is nine.Title (Brazil): "Disque M para Matar" ("Dial M for Murder")
good  Well, this lived up to the hype, which usually isn't an easy accomplishment. Toy Story 1 & 2 set the bar high so, frankly, I was expecting a disappointment with this one. Thankfully, it didn't happen. "Toy Story 3" was another amazing story in this (so far) trilogy.With a bunch of reviews already here, there is no sense going into the story. For those who haven't seen it yet, three surprises stood out for me: (1) the high number of new characters introduced; (2) the darkness of some of them; this is not always a fun story; (3) the incredibly-touching last 15-or-so minutes. All three of these facets should make this a fun 103 minutes every time I watch the DVD, much like the first two. Also, the artwork is at the usual high standard, especially some scenes in the last half hour at the dump yard, of all places. Finally, what's really cool, too, is that the people who voice the main characters are still the same men and women who did the first two films, with the exception of Jim Varney ("Slinky Dog"), who died in 2000. It's great to still hear familiar and distinctive voices, such as those of Wallace Shawn ("Rex"), John Ratenzenber ("Hamm"), Don Rickles and Estelle Harris ("Mr. and Mrs. Potato Head, respectively).Kudos to all those involved in making this film. They nailed the essence of "Toy Story" and how much loyalty can mean.
good I borrowed this movie on DVD, but I wish I had seen it in the theater for it would have been a lot more fun and powerful there. Despite this, Gladiator is one of the most powerful and moving films I've ever seen. The plot goes so smooth together, as well as the acting and the terrific musical score. Director Ridley Scott puts all effort into making this film an epic, and he does just that. I'd have to say that anyone who likes Ridley Scott (I sure do) should see this. It is a lot like Ridley's other movies (Black Hawk Down was also amazing). If you can stand a little bit--well, ok a LOT of blood and gore, then you should see this. Russell Crowe shows an excellent performance like no other. I don't think there's one bad movie that Ridley Scott has made or that Russell Crowe has acted in. The fact that the brutal battles involving innocent slaves in this film actually happened in real life centuries ago makes it even more interesting and powerful. Emperor Commodus is a truely evil and life-like villian who shows a lot of his wits in attempts to get his revenge against Maximus.Ridley Scott went to many different locations to shoot this film to make it real, and he does. The film is set in Rome, and it looks just like it. You feel as if you are there in the crowd, hearing them cheer and cheer to see the death. To some of you, this may sound a little barbaric, and believe me the film is VERY barbaric and brutual, however it teaches a very strong lesson of what happens when an economy turns as violent as Rome was. Ridley Scott goes to many lengths to make this movie real, because even though the characters are fictitious, all of this really did happen. Innocent people had to go through brutual fighting while thousands of people cheered for either their death or the enemy's death. If you were an inexperienced fighter, chances are you would get killed. But the strange thing is that Rome LOVED this. People came from all over to see these fights and to see the blood that was shed, that is why you can't blame the characters in this film for being so forlorn and saddened the whole time. The film itself is very dark. The theme is dark and the ending is dark. From beginning to end there is excessive violence (for those action movie-goers, this is a movie for you). But if the violence is concerning you, don't let it. The special effects make the movie great, but it's the acting and storyline that make it spectacular. HIGHLY RECCOMMENDED for anyone who wants a good time. Definitely makes you think. ***** out of *****.
good If you want to see a cute, feel-good movie that doesn't require a lot of thought and will leave you with a smile on your face, this is the movie to see. You'll laugh out loud at much of the humor, and you'll fall in love with Anna Faris. It's just silly fun. Anna Farris plays a ditsy blond who gets kicked out of the Playboy Mansion (Hugh Hefner is a good sport in this movie!), ends up homeless, and ends up as a house mother for a sorority of "loser" girls (smart girls who don't know how to attract boys). The sorority is about to lose its charter because they can't get enough pledges, and of course Faris saves the day for the sorority by teaching the girls how to be popular, and, along the way, she learns a few lessons herself. You'll enjoy knowing that her love interest is played by Colin Hanks, son of Tom Hanks, and that some of the people in the Playboy mansion and at the party at the mansion are played by themselves. Also, Rumer Willis, daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore and Katherine McPhee from American Idol are girls in the sorority. I thoroughly enjoyed this light movie.
good « mostly comprised of banal, drama-free, quotidian scenes that merely reinforce the men's status as regular Joes who, one day, had the opportunity for greatness thrust upon »Yeah at first I wasn't convinced by this movie but then I realized it was more than that, more than meets the eye so to speak, we're supposed to see a lifestyle, western, European-american opposed to this... barbarian stupid integrist muslimish lifestyle. We don't see him before the "incident" but we know at first sight for sure he's a bad guy, violent and obsessed by his own insanity. We see them (2 white guys and one black dude) smiling, enjoying life, they travel through Europe and then they travel to Paris...Funny thing, Paris has a bad reputation but we don't know why (in fact we all know why). French people are rude. The bad guy is the only un-civilized person we see. Everybody else is fine, living their lives and the bad guy is obviously (like we say in Frane) "un gros rageux".Full of hate that is.People just don't get it.Very good flick.
good  The Great Escape is THE prison escape movie. The film is rich with characters and the direction by John Sturges is great. Steve McQueen is the man and the rest of the cast are terrific. This movie is heroic and shows the bravery of men in the second world war. I escape into this movie whenever I feel really down, it's a great spirit lifter and one of the greatest films of all time.
good  This is actually a pretty good film. Perhaps the intense nudity and graphic-ness was not likeable but the movie was very closely tied to the facts and history of Caligula himself. You don't see many movies that actually stick with the facts instead of making it 'Hollywood.' I reccommend this to people who "know" about Caligula in advance so that they know what their seeing instead of going into the film not having a clue what its about. I don't think they could've made the movie any better that relates to Caligula- he was a psychopath and it showed in this movie.Tons of great scenes, and it showed what the "real" Rome was like. Brutal and harsh and misgiving.
good  It's actually kind of hard to describe this movie (and what's so great about it) to people who don't already know it and love it; as with many cult films, The Big Lebowski will either speak to you (in which case you will become a fervent follower of His Dudeness and abide by his code for the rest of your life) or, if it doesn't, the film will either leave you completely indifferent or you'll even downright hate it.I believe it's a very funny film and I'm sure it can be rightfully called a comedy, but don't expect punchlines, gags, jokes or slapstick - it's not that kind of comedy. If you want to enjoy this film, you have to meet Jeffery "The Dude" Lebowski on his terms, hang out with him and his bowling buddies and follow them at a their (perhaps somewhat leisurely) pace through this weird and unbelievable tale about nihilism, theft (of a car and, more importantly: a Creedence Clearwater Revival tape), kidnapping, abstract art, porn and - of course - bowling. The story is actually kind of simple. You see, some no-good German nihilists urinated on The Dude's rug - and this kind of aggression just won't stand against The Dude. With the help of his bowling buddies, he will do everything in his power to get someone to pay for his rug - or possibly get a new one (because that rug really tied the room together). So he embarks on this worthy quest during which he will encounter many wondrous things and fascinating people (even Jesus - who is NOT the messiah but a very naughty man).With Jeff Bridges in the leading role, the Coen brothers have found the perfect actor to incorporate one of the most iconic characters that has ever been created. But it's not just The Dude that makes this a winner; the whole film is such an inspired folly and simply inventive filmmaking at its finest (the hilarious dream sequence alone is worth the price of admission). The supporting cast is outstanding (J.Turturro, J.Goodman and S.Buscemi among many others), the song choices are perfect and the dialog is the funniest, most quotable in any comedy I've ever seen. This - for me - is without a doubt the film with the highest rewatchability factor of all time. 10 stars out of 10.Favorite Films: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls054200841/Lesser-known Masterpieces: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls070242495/Favorite Low-Budget and B-movies: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls054808375/
good (Warning: spoilers ahead) Like many mature viewers I had enjoyed the 60's TV series before this film came out so I was prepared for kooky cardboard sets, an even kookier talking robot, and getting a new nadir of human mendacity revealed each week in my shameful anti-hero, the despicable cunning Dr. Smith - oh such Danger Will Robinson! As a teenage boy back then, I also registered the attractive mother Robinson, and even more so the disturbingly beautiful elder daughter Robinson; I have heard that I am not alone in this.The film goes to great efforts to reverse all those impressions! It starts by throwing some of the most mind-blowing space battle special effects I have seen; the producers are obviously guys who have learned their lessons from 2001 Space Odyssey and Star Wars, and who have all the computing power they need. Silicon Graphics is a computer manufacturer who gets its name into the script, go figure.Is this the point to carp at the unreality of the sounds made in space where you really can't hear any "whoosh" or "boom" as things explode, or at the fighters that manoeuvre in 3D, aim weapons and even nudge one another, all by manual pilot control ? Nah, that's an accepted style these days so let it pass.The puerile homophobic dialog between the pilots (after their fighters contact in flight: "Does that mean we are going steady together now?") I chose to forgive in view of the magnificent graphics, but unfortunately such lines come back again and again in the miscast trying-to-be macho Major Don West's (Matt LeBlanc) passes at the cold-fish elder Robinson daughter Judy (Heather Graham).Sadly it quickly becomes evident that Major Don's pursuit of Judy is to be a running subtheme through the movie. I say sadly because this is not Hepburn and Bogart, nor a school prom B-movie, and the characterisation neither serves the movie nor the viewer. (Don to Judy: "I'll be happy to let you investigate my dimensions" - oh puh-lease!) There simply is no chemistry between these two and their lines are a yawn because we don't need them to romance in this movie.I said that the producers make great efforts, and those on space graphics are successful. Other efforts are on the family relationships, so much so that I became convinced that Walt Disney scriptwriters must have been involved. The younger Robinson children characters work well: I liked the sulky rebellious teenage daughter Penny (Lacey Chabert) though the dramatic device of her wrist-worn video diary was strained, and I was rooting for the son Will (Jack Johnson) who nearly makes a time machine for a school project, and repeatedly saves the day by tinkering with or remote-controlling the robot, who has grown from the capable but relay-filled Robbie of the TV series (adopted from the pre-computing Forbidden Planet movie of 1956) into a mightier cargo-handling monster, a Rambler-Crane model we are told, that owes much to its brother that Sigourney Weaver drives in the second Aliens movie I saw. This Robbie is bigger but less interesting for all its weaponry; by this time we have a right to expect more from a robot than this one delivers.Unfortunately the movie's main familial theme of How Can Father Robinson Show That He Really Loves His Son Will left me cold, though it may go down well with a certain kind of American audience. This is worse than just a failed theme, it is supposed to motivate the final denouement that I can't spoil for you because I still don't understand it! Suffice to say that it involves time travel (more by machinus ex deia than deus ex machina) with by now rather overloaded special effects, that serve to gloss over with thunder/lightning/earthquakes such paradoxes as persons meeting their time-travelled selves, that obscuration also having become a Hollywood cliche since movies like Philadelphia Experiment and Final Countdown. A shame because intelligent time-travel themes have provided, and will continue to provide, some wonderful movie scripts.The whole movie is, like the Robinsons' spaceship, a concatenation of expensive items that are individually impressive and collectively ineffective. Not to be outdone are the horrid space spiders. These seem to be downplayed to limit their horror potential; I think we get just a tiny glimpse of blue (?) gore as a spider leg gets chopped. We think the Robinsons escape from the spiders, but in true Hollywood horror tradition we were only supposed to think that and one spider makes a surprising return in the denouement, and I can't explain that either. It is actually very strange to see a "thing" that seems to have strayed into the movie from another film set (The Fly ? The Seventh Seal ?) too late in the script to be meaningful in the plot, and apparently also with its horror potential kept down, I suppose to keep a juvenile audience rating.Yet another yawn item to mention in the movie is a computer generated monkey Blarp that is a baby "she" (we are told, perhaps because a she-chimp is less demanding to model ?). For all her blinky cartoon eyes, Blarp fails to impress me as cute or useful, and she also seems like a character that strayed in by mistake from another movie.After watching all the movie action I feel I was served an assembly of highly crafted but utterly unoriginal elements. Yet for the earlier space graphics, which nearly rate up there with those in Starship Troopers, I can allow the rest as entertainment.Can you believe that the end credits really spoiled the film for me? I don't think I am peculiarly sensitive about end credits, and I am as likely as anyone to leave the movie theater as soon as they start scrolling. But in this movie the end credits are used as an opportunity to dump a lot of inappropriate music and silly graphical effects, to no good purpose. In the light of some truly fine craftsmanship and set design that went into this movie, that ending was a cheapening that was almost insulting.
good  Even people I know who can't stand the Coen Brothers' style *love* this slyly low-key comedy-thriller. Unlike so many "offbeat" movies, the quirkiness of FARGO's Oscar-winning screenplay never cancels out its warmth or suspense as the Coens deftly balance clever plotting (*not* really based on a true story, as a poor disturbed Japanese woman found out when she came to the U.S. to dig up the hidden ransom money only to freeze to death trying), engaging characters, scares, poignancy, and the brothers' trademark loopy humor. Darkly hilarious as the kidnappers' bungling is, it renders the violence all the more chilling; one minute you're laughing, the next minute you're cringing over the shock of sympathetic characters meeting swift, bloody deaths. I found myself feeling terribly sorry for poor, sweet, unsuspecting Jean Lundegaard (Kristin Rudrud), her vulnerable adolescent son Scotty (Tony Denman), her wealthy father Wade (a delightfully bombastic Harve Presnell), and the other poor slobs unwittingly caught up in car salesman Jerry Lundegaard's plot to get money out of Wade by hiring two thugs to kidnap wife Jean and hold her for ransom, not factoring in the kidnappers' lack of both patience and anger management skills. Nobody plays losers like William H. Macy, and he sure deserved his Best Supporting Actor nomination for playing Jerry, who ought to have his picture in the dictionary next to the word "inept." Steve Buscemi and Peter Stormare are letter-perfect as the loose-cannon wife-snatchers; if Buscemi isn't our generation's Peter Lorre, I don't know who is. But the heart and soul of FARGO is Frances McDormand, who truly earned her Best Actress Oscar here. Looking a bit like a young brunette Carol Burnett, McDormand is beyond superb as Marge Gunderson, the pregnant sheriff (my husband always liked the fact that FARGO doesn't include the nigh-obligatory scene of The Pregnant Heroine Suddenly Going Into Labor At The Worst Possible Time) who runs circles around the bad guys *and* her own well-meaning police force. Courteous and smart, down-to-earth yet slick, her luminous blue-green eyes never missing a thing, McDormand's Marge comes off as a warm Minnesota (is that an oxymoron? :-) female hybrid of Joe Friday and Lt. Columbo (I mean Columbo's stealth smarts, not his sloppiness :-). If you love FARGO, you owe it to yourself to own the deluxe DVD, chock full of way-cool extras too nifty and numerous to go into here -- oh, yah! :-)
good  Come and See (1985)**** I first saw this movie a couple of years ago. I didn't really know what to think of it at first. The soundtrack on the DVD is a little messy and the acting was a bit strange. I knew it had affected me though in a way that not many other movies had. As time went by I began to realize just how much of an impact the movie had on me. It really, really stuck with me. One night, while writing a review of Errol Morris's latest documentary "Fog of War", I found myself thinking more and more about Come and See, and decided that I had to watch it again immediately. I ran out after midnight and rented it, and watched it 3 times or so over the next week. I started to see why the film had been haunting me and sticking around my thoughts. The reason was that this movie is simply a masterpiece.Elem Klimov directs the film, starring Aleksei Kravchenko as Florya, a young boy who desires to fight with the Partisan's army against the invading Nazi army. He digs until he finds a rifle, then the next day he is off to a camp in the middle of the woods. The scene is chaotic it seems and unorganized. The fighters try to take a photo that takes about 5 minutes to accomplish because everyone keeps messing up their positions. Florya spots Glasha (Olga Mironova), a young girl, who has the younger fighters swooning over her, and who also seems to have some sort of relationship with the leader of the camp. What that relationship is exactly we never find out. Florya gets left behind on the attack because he is perhaps too young, and besides another older fighter needs some new boots, and swaps with the new kid. .The anxious Florya is upset by this decision and he takes to the woods for some solitude, he cries and then discovers that near by Glasha is also crying at being left at the camp, more so for being left alone than behind. The two begin to bond and end up in an open field when German planes attack and begin to bomb the encampment. The scenes that follow next teeter on the brink of madness on film. Come and See is likely one of the most maddening films ever made for that matter. The key is the soundtrack. Florya is struck deaf for a few moments by the bombs. Sounds are muffled, but not like anything you've ever seen in a Hollywood film. The soundtrack is a mix of strange ringing and sounds and music, adding to the atmosphere of chaos that the two youngsters have now been thrown into. Much of the film has this style of soundtrack, which makes the Florya's descent into madness much more poignant.The film movies forward from here back to Florya's village which has now been deserted. The two head to an island on the other side of a bog where Florya believes the town is hiding along with his mother and sisters. The scene where they climb through the mud is another example of Florya losing his mind. The soundtrack again becomes ambient and menacing in its strange blends of sounds. They eventually find some villagers and Florya now even more loses his sanity, along with some of his hair, which is given to recreate a statue of Hitler. This will be the last time we see Glasha in the movie, as Florya goes with a party to collect food for the starving people.The most famous scene, and the one that will likely never leave you, is of a village being ransacked by Nazi soldiers. The scene is chaotic and culminates in a barn stuffed with the townspeople being burned and shot apart. Another one of the most famous shots from the movie is of Florya shooting a photo of Hitler, each bullet making time reverse. The photo goes back in time until it is a picture of Hitler as a baby on his mothers lap. He is an innocent infant, and Florya cannot bring himself to fire another shot. These shots are incredibly powerful and they stick in your mind.Obviously, Come and See was filmed with influences of Soviet Propaganda in it, but it hardly matters because it is so well made and so maddening you can't help but be totally absorbed by the experience. The movie has a hypnotic quality about it, and without being horrifying because it's a jump out of your seat surprise bloodbath, it is horrifying in its representation of the cruelty people are capable of in war.I can't remember ever seeing another film that expressed the descent into madness any better and being so involving as Come and See. By the end of the film, you feel like you've just experienced what it must be like to lose your mind. The film never goes into the desensitizing of violence in war. Instead it focuses on the violence which causes those who witness to become desensitized from the madness of its cruelty.Elem Klimov created this film out of his actors and their emotions, and essentially used the viewer as another character. This movie draws you in and makes you experience exactly what the characters must. There are few other films that do that to you, especially to the extent that this one does it. And for that, Come and See is not only a masterpiece, it's really one of the best films you'll ever see. Find it, but don't just watch it. Allow it to take you in; even if that means you have to see it a couple times. Let it take you in, and you're in for an experience rarely found in cinema anymore
good I would first like to make the comment that this is no comedy. For those that consider this film a valuable part of Hollywood cinema due to the comedic aspects need to get their eyes examined along with their minds. I do not think that I laughed at all during this film, but I would like to mention that I do not think that is a bad thing. Not laughing at this film means that it hit you at a different level. I witnessed a beautiful film with some highly intelligent actors painting a dark and disturbing picture of a sexual world circa 1960. I suppose I was thinking that this was going to be a "screwball" comedy, which completely threw me off balance when the events of this film occurred. Never have I witnessed such a bold attack on the sexual revolution of the 60s and its effect on the business world. It was a slap in the face to see the way that Billy Wilder represented corporate America and honestly, it felt really good. To see this lonely man turned away from his apartment at all hours of the night because his boss needed a place to take their mistresses was sad, not funny, yet in The Apartment it worked beautifully.To begin, this film revolved around the actors. If you would not have had such strong actors like Jack Lemmon, Shirley MacLaine, and Fred MacMurray honestly conquering their roles than this film would not have succeeded as it did. It won Oscars for a reason, and even watched by today's standard of Hollywood I think that everyone involved should be very proud. Their work was the best Hollywood had to offer. Lemmon successfully portrayed this hurt every-man that you could easily find yourself engulfed within. MacLaine, beautiful in her young age, was an emotional powerhouse. Her eyes could have told the story without any words. You could feel her emotions through her eyes, and it was outstanding. I must say that my favorite actor in this entire film was Fred MacMurray. His portrayal of the typical "boss" who seems to use his powers to control instead of help, was perfect. In fact, even if you watch the film today, you may still be able to see your boss in MacMurray's portrayal. For once, it was a solid cast. It had a structured story that was heightened by sublime actors that knew exactly what they needed to do. I would have to say that this is one of the greatest pairings in cinema history, these three together could have taken Hollywood by storm, and it is evident in The Apartment.As I stated before, the characters are exceptional, but coupled with their performances is a rich story that seems developed well before its time. I was not expecting to see such a sexual driven film released from the 60s. Films of this nature typically hint towards sex, but never quite spell it out, but in The Apartment it is in your face throughout the course of the film. From the opening sequence until the end, sex seems to be the biggest underlying theme of this film. In the world of C.C. Baxter, all he seems to know is sex, business, and the occasional conversation with the elevator girl. You can't help but wonder if that wasn't what was going through the minds of our fathers as they headed to the corporate world on a daily basis. It was such a slap to the face of the day to day America. To think that in this nation portrayed with family values and moral uprising that The Apartment would emerge as the breakout film of 1960. It shocked me. I think the reason that it did so was because of the strong writing, the powerful story, and the emergence of such innocent "characters" (as mentioned above). There were moments during this film that I honestly wanted to walk into the television, tell everyone to stop, and explain what was happening because I didn't want anyone to get hurt in the end. Isn't that a sign of a long-lasting powerful film? To me it is.Overall, I must say that The Apartment left my jaw on the floor. While my wife will disagree with me, I thought that it was a brilliant moment in cinematic history. Jack Lemmon could not have been handed a greater roll, nor could he have pulled it off with such beauty and pizazz. The story will shock and amaze you for nearly two hours. We are taken into a world in which we feel comfortable in, we feel as if we have been there before, and we can only thank the imaginative mind of Billy Wilder for that. He takes those moments in our lives that we wholeheartedly want to forget and places them in the window for all to see. His mockery of corporations, of the small man working his way to the top, and the disasters that follow are nothing short of classic. I have never witnessed a film quite like this and I hope I never do again. The Apartment was a once in a lifetime enjoyment, and I cannot wait to revisit it soon to see what I may have missed! Grade: ***** out of *****
good We really enjoyed this movie. I cried so much I couldn't contain the sobbing. And that's a good thing, when a movie affects you like that. It was sort of a magical movie. There was great acting, loads of terrific actors. It was nice to see Lee Pace (Halt & Catch Fire) and the kid (Jaeden Lieberher) did a terrific job. Well done!
good  The Bourne Ultimatum (2007) Review: After a thrilling set of two, we get the final installment. Here's my take:The Bourne Ultimatum has it all. We have Jason Bourne(Matt Damon) on the coattails of the ones who know everything. He has been running for too long. This time, it ends.The Bourne Ultimatum has a great plot, awesome writing, fantastic direction, suspense, and some of the best action of the summer. Matt Damon delivers possibly his best performance to date. He has the conviction and swelling desire of the troubled assassin.There are some intelligent humor here and some fine suspense. The reactions to certain events will have you either laughing(in a good way) or cheering on. (or both) I heard a lot of intelligent laughter in the theater and lots of clapping. The audience was loving it.The Bourne Ultimatum delivers all in a nicely gift-wrapped package. All of the goods and then some. This is, in my opinion the best movie this summer.The Last Word: Excellent conclusion. The best of the trilogy. This is how summer movie thrillers should be done. I love the Bourne trilogy.
good Sure everyone knows the typical Scorsese film. Normally there is a mob present, or in most cases, a tough brute who loves to flash the "F" bomb in almost every sentence. But what about a thriller? I mean sure, we have seen it in "Cape Fear", probably one of my personal favorite remakes. But what about a top notch mind bending thriller that really makes you think. Something the likes of which we have never seen Mr. Scorsese do. But given his previous works of art, its really hard to doubt that he cannot pull this off.Grasping the concept of this movie is a no brainer. There is a mystery on this island filled with crazy people, but you can tell that there is a lot more under the surface. Yeah, it doesn't sound that original........but my oh my, you just wait until Scorsese begins to pick at your brain. Not since "Taxi Driver" have i seen Scorsese really make a valiant attempt at a character study of someone going insane. In "Taxi Driver", its like your in the back seat......watching as Robert Deniro slowing progresses into his insanity. With Shutter Island, its like your inside the mind of Dicaprio, and everything is starting to crumble. Scorsese really does a fantastic job of toying with your mind. You cannot help but second guess everything your thinking, but then again, i think that was the ultimate goal.......and yes, that was hint towards the end, which i think will raise a lot of debate. Now i always hear the phrase "Twist and Turns" when someone describes a decent thriller. Then i see the movie, and i say to myself........"That was a Twist and Turn? It felt more like a road bump." But in this case, Scorsese really does re-define the term. Because in this film, you really have a hard time judging what is actually real, and what is not.......and what you think is happening, is actually not happening at all..........that is a twist and turn people. Not you finally figuring out who the masked killer is at the end.......okay, im sorry that all thriller movies are not like a Scooby Doo episode. And since we are on the subject of crappy thrillers......i am so glad that Scorsese chose not to use elevated music in some of scenes. For example, someone jump out of a dark corner......in most cases, the music is raised and the audience jumps.......but in this movie, Scorsese doesn't add any music at all......he just uses the fear of an eerie set to make your skin crawl. Much like an old Hitchcock movie. However, there is music in this, and let me tell you, it is so very fitting. You can tell Scorsese has been down this path before, so he sort of used the same style that he did in "Cape Fear", with Benard Herman's deep, dark, and haunting tones that just pull you in more and more. Honestly, there is not one bad aspect of this movie. The acting, the directing, the score, the cinematography.....all pieced together with one hell of a script.Bottom Line........people, this is what a thriller is suppose to be. Especially a psychological thriller. I thank god for directors like Scorsese.....because this movie really isn't his type of film. My guess is he saw enough crap in this genre' and had enough.......so he threw his hat into the ring and gave a rebirth to the classic Hithcock type thriller.......not only that, i really think that he redefined it in a way. Now i know that it is really early in the year, but i can easily see this movie staying in my top 10 of this year. Absolutely fantastic film, best i have seen so far.
good  This quote is one of the most shocking and yet truthful quotes I have ever heard. It is one of many shocking and intense quotes in the movie. Furthermore Judgment at Nuremburg is one of the most absorbing movies I have seen. Even though most if not all of it is dialog it is very much a haunting film. This film is loosely based on the trials in Nuremburg in 1948. Right from the start the movie captures your mind and never lets it go. The acting was collectively amazing. One of the best casts ever assembled which included Spencer Tracy, Montgomery Clift, Judy Garland, Richard Widmark, Burt Lancaster as well as international stars Maximilian Schell and Marlene Dietrich. It is not just the fact that this is a star studded cast that made it so great, it was the way everyone appeared to blend in together. Maximilian Schell gave the performance of his life in this film playing the defense lawyer for Burt Lancaster who give two superb narratives that will certainly stay in your mind forever. Schell's character use of logic is that of something which will mesmerize use you whether or not you agree or disagree with what he says. Richard Widmark playing the prosecutor gave the type of supporting performance that was necessary for Schell to shine. The way both actors fed off each other was a joy to watch. Then of course the tiny appearances of Garland and Clift were excellent and worth every second they spent on camera. I usually find myself frustrated with cameos and actors receiving recognition for them but this film used cameos the best way I have ever seen. Then of course Spencer Tracy and Marlene Dietrich provided such great presence were perfect for the lead.The direction of Stanley Kramer was spectacular as the film intensified more and more as it wore on. It was always engrossing and never let up. The writing of Abby Mann was great, filled up with great material and narratives allowing every actor in the cast to give a superb performance. There were many memorable quotes as well. The writing carried the film forward and allowed all the potential and talent to push this film to another level.Judgement at Nuremburg is not just another movie. It is a very thought provoking movie. More than that though it is haunting. Just thinking about the course of the events being talked about in the movie became subtly haunting in a way I really didn't expect. What was the most compelling though was the way we need to separate what we feel with what has to be truly done, with what is truly right.
good  Imagine... You enjoy independent cinema... You are trying to rid of your ideleness, by seeing something fresh and exciting, yet it combines themes from other films involving organized crime. We all feel like outsiders at times. We all are just maybe looking for swim against the current, yet knowing when to flow with it - As Leto's character, Nick, in this film suggests to the very gorgeous Shioli Kutsuna. There won't be spoilers in this review, that last part I cited is found in the trailer.I have been debating tirelessly on Twitter against Asian critics of this film. They dismiss it, before it was released as, "Whitewashing;" "Offensive;" "Westernizing;" amongst many phrases that are slanderous. It is impossible to know the intent of Jared Leto, for taking the role and executive producing. It is not possible to understand the mindset of Martin Zandvliet (Director), or the screenplay writer Andrew Baldwin, behind making this film. Is this a perfect film? Or course not! It is not trying to be! Is there sexy style? Yes. Is there a cool plot? Definitely. Is it worth watching? Absolutely. I think this is one of the best 2018 has yet to offer and just like Leto's work in Blade Runner 2049, it'll forever be underappreciated. All thanks to the big baby critics (Not all Asian), but the others who before even witnessing this great film - wrote it off as something that it's not. If this film was making an attempt to have a hot shot Hollywood guy (Jared Leto is anything but, the guy is the lead singer of 30 Seconds to Mars and has proven to be a HARD worker as an actor) just be propped by Asian extras in a Japanese culture to make Asian culture more palatable, would the film be named, "The Outsider," or as they call him (You may remember from Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift - nobody accused this of white washing, hmm wonder why?) "Geijin," which is Japanese for, "Outsider." I am baffled by everyone's uproars to a perfectly harmless picture. Japan is behind China, but with South Korea shares the spotlight of having a top-ten rating in terms of revenue generated in cinema, where are the naysayers to be found in those films? But they go out of their way to bash this before it's even released! I find that to be more offensive than a guy who is white joining the Yakuza.This movie is wrongly being bashed for everything that has nothing to do with the movie. How I worded that may be confusing, but I mean every syllable - read it slowly. The soundtrack, cinematography, the ode to John Wick nature this film has makes films like, "The Last Samurai," look as cheap as the title suggests. This film was mishandled by its producers in my opinion and Leto could be one of them; however, how responsible they are for marketing is above my pay grade. I can tell you, if you see this movie for yourself - you should be thinking, "If a black or Mexican guy were to be cast instead of Leto, would we be having the same reviews shown to us?" I am in no way being dismissive of racial inequality, it is present and I admire any Asian critic who wishes to voice their opinion, but from my vantage point; I believe their using the wrong film to do so with. This story is probably unrealistic; however, there is something profound about it. There is true magnanimity in Leto's character. Assisting Japanese thugs to the point of him becoming trusted and loved. If ever in your dull and idle life finding yourself feeling like an outsider - this is your movie. I give it an A - because again, it is not perfect. The moments of violence seem all too convenient; however, this does take place after WWII. Enjoy it, believe me; I have seen awful movies - this is not one of them.
good This Murnau work comes from the end of the silent era,and the miracle is that it needs nothing:it has everything.There are hardly a dozen of subtitles for a ninety- minute movie,and that's enough.The rest is the actors'sublime performances and Murnau's flawless directing. George O' Brien and Janet Gaynor do not speak,and however,we can hear them,with all our heart ,with all our soul.Their faces reflect what they endure,suffer and enjoy.Because this is not only a drama.Sometimes it turns to a true comedy.For me the scene in the church climaxes the work:the husband,desperate to a fault,and his wife ,who saw her sincere love atrociously betrayed ,"get marry" again and the priest's words will drive you to tears.Unlike "Nosferatu",which took place in dark places ,and before "tabu" which would be an hymn to the nature -in every sense of the word,and probably the key to WF Murnau's entire canon"-,"Sunrise" is a diurnal movie,beginning with a meeting with the husband and his mistress at the break of dawn,and ending in the deep of the night,but the very last picture brings back sunrise,which epitomizes a new beginning, a new christening,a redemption.And the man ,crying and begging for pardon,it might be Murnau who thought his homosexuality was a crime -Nosferatu might be a metaphor as well,as the hero who abducts a priestess he's in love with in "tabu" -A true auteur opens up in his movies,if we can read between the lines.Murnau was,along with Fritz Lang,one of the two most influential forces of the expressionism .
good The Godfather Part Two is possibly the best film ever made, every part of this film is amazing, it is even better than the original, I was very surprised by this. The story is amazing, everything makes perfect sense. The Oscar winning screenplay is amazing, the dialogue is some of the most original, and realistic ever putt on screen, the characters are flawless, and it's in every way perfectly written. The acting is just as fantastic, I can't believe Al Pacino lost the Oscar, and for once Robert De Niro was even better, he was truly amazing, and interestingly he fails to say a single word in English. The direction is also amazing, Francis Ford Coppola even does a better job than he did in The Godfather, and Apocalypse Now. The visual effects are so much better than the amazing one's in the original Godfather. One of the best films ever, a must see. Flawless.
good  It's always tough to be the odd man out, it's even harder to be just that on a film by one of your favorite filmmakers. Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo is often considered one of the all-time greats for the Master of Suspense, and it really pains me to disagree with the vast majority, but that is how these things often go.Vertigo tells the story of a retired San Francisco detective played by Jimmy Stewart who suffers from vertigo. Stewart's character is hired by an old friend to tale the friend's wife who has been exhibiting odd behavior recently, her husband believing she is channeling the spirit of a 19th century woman. The premise is well set up, and the starting paces play out superbly, but when the story starts trying to explain all of the supernatural with a Sherlock Holmes-style deduction, I find the film hard to swallow. The film becomes more far-fetched when it tries to explain realistically all of the supernatural events rather than just letting it be a ghost story. As well, the romance between the characters played by Stewart and Kim Novak, who portrays the woman Stewart is following, just develops too quickly to be believable.As I said, it pains me to talk such as this. The film had been so built up before I finally saw it, that I guess I expected something completely different than what I got, but what I got was something that started out as one thing, and then midway through the film transformed into another that just negated all of the things I loved about the first half of the film. Want my advice, if you love Hitch, try Rear Window or North by Northwest. Way more suspense, way more mystery, and way more fun.I give Vertigo a 4 out of 10!
good  Cannibal Holocaust is very deserving of it's controversy, but it is definitely not tacky and for pure shock value, something I half expected (I discovered this movie while reading about the August Underground movies and was way more intrigued by a controversial movie with meaning and plot). It's in your face, it at least seems real (and is real in some parts). Never have I ever seen such convincing special effects in a movie and this was a low-budget 70s movie, CGI will never recreate it. But beyond the special effects there is a message and meaning and very engaging story.I'll break down the review into sections.Plot/story (9/10): Think of The Blair Witch Project, except not trying to put itself off as real. A group of 4 documenters go into the amazon jungle to film the "savages" and cannibals that live there. They do not return and it is up to an anthropologist to find them or at least what was left of them. Throughout the movie we learn of the documentary crew's tendency to push and bribe people into committing extreme acts of violence through actual footage from people being killed by soldiers in Nigeria. The movie portrays it as if it was a documentary shot by the crew in which they payed the soldiers off to kill innocent people execution style. As the story progresses the viewer is forced to try and comprehend who exactly are the real savages. Not to mention the social overtones of how modern society ties into all of this. It loses a point, though, because the dialog sometimes is very iffy, even though you can tell they were trying to be realistic, but this hinders the actors, especially with their lack of experience.Acting (7/10): This is where the movie suffers. It gets better as the movie progresses and things get more intense (this may be do to the actual moralities of the actors and how they felt about the movie showing through in their characters). But when it starts out, I'm almost reminded of campy b-movies. The cinematic presentation and pure intrigue is what kept me going. Again, though, the script writing obviously provided some challenges for the actors.Cinematography (10/10): Speaking of cinematic presentation, this movie does it beautifully, even from the opening shot from a helicopter flying over the rain-forest. The studio and movie-style aspects of the film are very convincing and very well-done. Hollywood couldn't do better with a 10 million dollar budget. The creativity and use of close-ups really pulls you in, and you begin to question the reality of even the part of the movie that is presented as fictional. And that doesn't even cover the great mockumentary work. The director's understanding of how documentaries are made and how they work is extremely convincing. the use of normal scenes of the crew kind of doddling around really help to present a feeling of reality. And the aspects of limited film and the amateurish/spontaneous filming style are almost convincing enough to make the viewer think they used real footage to build a fictional movie around.Audio (10/10) Again, I'm reminded of Apocalypse Now. The music is melodic and somewhat peaceful, adding a real eerie tone to the serious and macabre theme of the movie. It is very 70s though, and I would not expect to here the same soundtrack in a new movie, although some of the musical flavors are indeed timeless. And there are some more intense scores in the film, but they are not over-intense like most Hollywood today. Then we get into sound design, which is very convincing, the tearing and the screaming all sound real, or as I would expect them to sound. The new mixing with stereo is well and really helps immerse the viewer.On the animal violence: This is something that I thought would disturb me. The animal scenes in Amorres Perros disturbed me even though they were not real, but this was real and I wasn't that perturbed by them. People have said that the killing of the animals is useless and doesn't help the plot of the movie, but I feel otherwise. It brings into light that you do have to kill to survive. The documenters kill 6 animals (one is a spider, which some may not count, I do) on screen and 1 is killed off screen. And it obviously irks the actors a little bit (note: when you see vomit, it is indeed real). But the animals are eaten. And all of this adds to the reality of the documentary. It would have been hard fake some most of that. Plus, think of the meat industry today. Hundreds of thousands of cows and pigs slaughtered and millions of chickens and turkeys slaughtered every day in gruesome ways, just so we can eat them. "Just because you don't see it, doesn't mean it doesn't happen". Our society frowns upon killing animals, but that burger doesn't magically appear. Blood had to be spilled for our dining pleasure.
good 'THE BABYSITTER': Four and a Half Stars (Out of Five) A horror-comedy directed by McG, and released by Netflix (through their online streaming service). It's about a young teenager with a crush on his very attractive babysitter, who then learns that she's part of a satanic cult that wants to kill him. The movie stars Judah Lewis, Samara Weaving, Bella Thorne, Robbie Amell, Andrew Bachelor, Hana Mae Lee, Emily Alyn Lind, Leslie Bibb and Ken Marino. It was written by Brian Duffield, and it's gotten mixed reviews from critics (but viewers have been much more appreciative of it). I had a complete blast watching it.Cole (Lewis) is 13-years-old, and he's also the only kid in his class that still has a babysitter. He's constantly bullied for it, and also for being excessively passive in almost every way. Cole feels like he's in love with his babysitter though, who's named Bee (Weaving), because she's incredibly beautiful, excessively cool, and extremely nice to him (as well as other nerdy outsiders). So he stays up late one night, past his bedtime, and spies on Bee to see what she's doing. It's then that he discovers that she's in a satanic cult, with her other popular friends, and they're planning to steal his blood. Cole must then learn to defend himself, for the very first time, and survive this murderous maniacal teenage cult.I'm probably giving this film a little too overly generous of a review, but I do love movies that remind me of my childhood (I really appreciate nostalgia). I grew up on kid adventure films (like 'GOONIES' and 'THE LOST BOYS'), and this bloody horror flick is really an awesome kids movie at heart (a gruesomely violent one at that though). It's highly reminiscent of the type of violent kids movies that I cherished as a pre-teen (the new 'IT' remake is a lot like that as well). So I really enjoyed this film for that reason. It's a lot of fun, funny at times, and it's just a badass awesome kids adventure flick!Watch an episode of our movie review show 'MOVIE TALK' at: https://youtu.be/oV2G3RUT234
good  This movie is so good that we watched it twice in two days. Such friendship honest, true and natural is something to be jealous about in the most positive way. A big surprise, so it needs a lot of very positive comments because you do not want to miss this one. Although you may think this is a dramatic movie, it is actually more a very warm movie loaded with very good humor. The trailers, advertisement and also the Dutch tittle actually first put us of to watch this movie. Then it is also a French movie so normally that comes with a lot of not too positive expectations. This all is easily overwon within just the first few minutes of the movie but gets totally shattered the longer the movie lasts.
good  In a film as successful as this, it is difficult to single out any one factor. All departments work in perfect union to create on of the most moving human dramas ever put on film.  The production is a tribute to the ensemble efforts of the writers, producer, cast and crew.  To name but a few, the magnificent score of Hugo Friedhofer is a subliminal marvel, the subtle yet striking photography of Greg Toland, and the unbelievably effective direction by William Wyler all combine with an ideal cast to create an American classic.The DVD format version is a special treat to view.  What a pleasure to see "The Best Years of Our Lives" so beautifully preserved for generations to come to enjoy.
good  I am now trying to find words to describe this movie for an hour. I couldn't.You've seen it, or you haven't. It's monumental and outrageously good.The cast is brilliant. The jokes lovely. The story and the idea behind the movie is beautiful. Especially when you've worked/lived with handicapped people. The music is such a perfect choice, it is unbelievable.I hope this movie makes a plenty of people think about how good their life is and how bad it could have been.Bottom line: Oscar-worthy. Period.
good  I thought this movie was very well made. I can relate to Max's character, as i work with people who have Asperges Syndrome. The creator showed the audience what it is really like, in society, to have a mental disability of this kind. The use of gray colour with a splash of red when showing the scenes with Max, was very effective, and give the audience the sense of what Max was feeling. I saw this movie with work colleagues who also work with children with this disorder, and we were all curious to see how this disorder would be shown. We were all very pleased. This movie shows the audience what people with asperges syndrome go through in day to day life, and how they don't understand things that most people would. As well as how they do/do not cope with some issues.This movie is not for children. It is quite sad, but with some really funny parts. and for those who live in Melbourne, especially, you will understand some of the references.I give this movie 10/10.After 5 years in the making it is definitely worth watching
good  Bruce does well in his brief appearances. The supporting cast does ok.mike epps as a villian DOES NOT WORK. literally anyone would have been better than a comedian who's abilities lay on the opposite side of the acting spectrum.its a solid 4.5 - 5. At a 5, it's worth a watch.Typical plot. girls being kidnapped /drug dealer taking over territory..Not a movie I would watch twice..basically anything this movie does, there are others that do it much better in every way.
good I usually don't like her movies, I couldn't even finish Trainwreck. However, there's something endearing about the movie, and it did make me laugh, so it accomplished its job there. But, there's some scenes (not spoiling) that seemed unnecessary, almost as if the editor left them in by accident.
good After the Alien-debacle Fincher proved all the critics wrong. This film is one of the best in a genre that hasn't been very innovative for a long time.Everyone know's the story by now, so I won't waste time telling it. This film was trend setting with it's dark, gritty look and opening sequence. We still see it copied in movies and TV-series today. Everything is great about this film. I guess if anything, the weakest link in the film is Pitt, who is grossly overshadowed by Freeman. But let's not look for flaws when there really aren't any. The script is intelligent and uncompromising. The direction is innovative en daring. The production-design and cinematography are top-notch.Fincher is one of the big boys in Tinseltown these days. Seven is the reason why.
good  One of my fave films of all time, this film has so many laugh-out-loud jokes and ridiculous thought processes that it would probably be unfair to pick out just a few. Tough - I'm going to: John Cleese as the legionnary Latin teacher rebuking Brian not for daring to use graffiti on the Roman fort but for using the wrong tense, Michael Palin trying to find his place in life as an ex-leper, Terry Jones as Brian's mother trying to protect him from myrrh - let's face it, we've all wondered what myrrh is ! The bit that always makes me laugh without fail is something that isn't always noticed - when Michael Palin is having a go at the guards; "Do you find it risible when I say the name of my friend Biggus Diccus ?" if you look carefully you'll see that Palin is trying really hard not to laugh.Puerile, silly but also very very clever. This film doesn't criticise religion or Jesus in any way ( what was wrong with the people who tried to ban it ? ) - it's just asking what it could have been like in a society that was expecting the Messiah to show up at any moment, and covering it in a massive coating of comedy.This film is an absolute classic - 10 out of 10.
good I cannot ignore facts. I cannot ignore mistakes and plot holes, bad writing, or bad marketing. I cannot ignore hype, especially when it's already on the IMDb top 250, it received praise from critics, cashed in a lot of money, and people call it stunning and unforgettable. The simple truth is that Inception does not live up to the hype. Let me start with the trailer. All the coolest things (the folding city, the collapsing cliffs, the train in the street) are totally unessential to the plot. None of that takes more than a few seconds. So why did they put them on all the posters as well? Nevermind. I'll move on to the real problems of the movie.So I heard all these people saying how complex the movie is. How I'll need to watch it twice. How the shocking ending will blow my mind. I knew exactly what that "shocking ending" would be half way through the film. The very last paragraph of this review deals with the ending. It's not exactly a spoiler but you can skip it if you don't want to know anything.Cobb (DiCaprio) takes on a mission to implant a thought into Fischer's (Murphy) mind. As a reward, his contractor Saito (Watanabe) will clean his record with the LAPD. Cobb is wanted for the murder of his wife and consequently he can't return to USA and see his children. Throughout the movie, this is Cobb's main inner conflict, that before he fled the country, he didn't get a chance to see the kids' faces and he wants to see them again. Michael Cain has a very small role as their grandpa and DiCaprio's father-in-law. Why doesn't Cain take the kids someplace so they could be with their father? People move all the time. Or why doesn't he send Cobb some home movies if he wants to see their faces so much? They could even have video calls and all that stuff. It's a long distance relationship but it's something. Well, apparently no one thought of that, and so the main character's main motivation for his actions makes no sense. As for acting, DiCaprio was good. But if you've seen Shutter Island, You've seen a third of Inception. Dead wife, small kids, a sense of loss, a pretty wooden house in a field, all those flashbacks Teddy had in Shutter Island it's all in Inception. Minus the funny Boston accent.The mission these mind thieves embark on is to plant an idea into a rich guy's mind. This is called inception. Hence the title, I guess. Everyone says it's impossible to do, so you know they are going to succeed in the end. Inception is essentially a heist movie, but instead of getting into a vault, Cobb's team has to get inside someone's mind – which happens to look like a vault. The supposed complexity of the movie boils down to the idea of a dream within a dream. Basically, imagine that once you are plugged inside the matrix, you plug yourself into yet another, deeper, matrix. There, I just explained the super complex plot of the movie. But in case that wasn't enough, there is Ellen page's character, Ariadne. She is the obligatory new member of the team that is introduced to represent the audience and their questions. I'm fine with that. Every movie has one of those uninitiated people. The thing is, she understands everything too quickly and becomes suddenly becomes the most competent character. Pretty convenient, if you ask me.Let me finally get to the mission. It's the worst part of the movie. Watanabe wants Murphy, who just inherited a huge corporation, to dissolve it, because it was going to become a huge monopoly. So Watanabe hires DiCaprio to plant the idea of splitting the company in Murphy's mind. And so they do that. For two and a half hours. But I don't care if he splits the big company or not. Why should I care if Murphy has a bigger company than Watanabe? The stakes of the movie aren't high, they are nonexistent. I am not given any reason to care about whether or not they succeed. I'm only given more and more action set pieces to look forward to, and a lot of cool slow motion and zero gravity fights reminiscent of The Matrix, but I'm not given any reason to care for what is happening. I liked Watanabe's character only because I like Ken Watanbe. As for Saito himself, I don't give a damn if his competitor destroys his company or not. They don't tell us what consequences it would have, they don't show us what happens with the company, they don't do anything with this initial idea. Which is strange, because the movie is all about ideas being important. Okay, so I didn't like the plot and the acting was nothing new. What about the rest? Hans Zimmer's unremarkable score works well with the scenes but it would be super boring to hear on its own. The visual effects are good but since all the coolest city-folding scenes were so short, there wasn't really that much to do. The zero gravity stuff was done well, I'll give them that. Cinematography was good, bordering on too much shaky camera.Here's the paragraph about the ending:The big ending is that you are supposed to be unsure what was a dream and what was reality. If it was real, then it's stupid because DiCaprio had dozens of ways to be with his kids without making things so incredibly complicated. The movie is supposed to make you think, but if you think about it the whole plot falls apart. If it was a dream, then it's a stupid cop out on Nolan's part. An excuse for all the things that didn't make sense. It was all a dream, so screw you, audience.
good  Sometimes children lie.  Sometimes good people give in to hysteria, and lose all sense of  reason.  Sometimes they destroy innocent lives.  The Hunt (aka Jagten) is the latest offering from Denmark that will  knock you sideways. Forget the thrill of TV dramas The Killing, Borgen  and The Bridge, Thomas Vinterberg's film is a shocking, harrowing  experience that will affect you profoundly and will live in your mind  for a very long time. The Hunt is for those who don't need to 'enjoy' a  film to regard it as valid and who are not afraid to step into the  darkness of the injustice and judgment of which we are all capable.  More than that, it is a film for those who stupidly believe there is no  smoke without fire.  Lucas (Mads Mikkelsen) is a lonely teacher, divorced from his wife,  kept apart from his son and devoted to the young children in his care  at the nursery and within the community. He is a genuinely good man who  has earned the respect of his peers, the love of a new girlfriend and  the trust of the children who leap out of hedges to wrestle him and be  chased around the playground by him.  Klara (Annika Wedderkopp), the daughter of his best friend, Theo  (Thomas Bo Larsen) has an innocent, childish crush on Lucas when two  situations occur in quick succession. Firstly she is exposed to an  explicit pornographic image and, secondly, Lucas gently chastises her  for inappropriate behavior towards him. With a fertile imagination,  childish indignation and no comprehension of the consequences, Klara  makes an accusation against Lucas and his world implodes.  For only the fifth time so far this year, I believe I have witnessed a  near-perfect film. The Hunt is complete due to the tight screenplay,  the sensitivity of Vinterberg's direction and the performances from  principal and peripheral actors alike that are always absorbing and  frequently astounding.  Mikkelsen must certainly be the focal point of any review. His  performance as Lucas causes the stomach to tighten and the back tingle  as we wonder How would I react? In much the same way that Colin Firth's  George crumpled when receiving the news of his partner's death in A  Single Man, so Mikkelsen's Lucas is silently crushed as he is told that  accusations have been made. Lucas suffers the physical and emotional  wounds of slander and revenge for an act he cannot conceive and of  which he has less knowledge than those who condemn and attack him.  Equally, both Larsen and Anne Louise Hassing as Klara's parents  carefully unwrap the turmoil any parent would suffer upon hearing their  young child has suffered sexual abuse. It is a challenge not to yell at  the screen "Don't be so stupid," or to scream expletives at Grethe  (Susse Wold) the head teacher who loses her grip on both duty and  reason and germinates the hatred and judgment that follow. As Lucas'  son, Marcus, Lasse Fogelstrøm gives a heartfelt performance segueing  seamlessly from courage to hurt to desperation and anger and his  distress is a warning to those given over to rumours.  The surprise, no, the absolute shock, with the casting is Wedderkopp.  In an adult with twenty years experience on the big screen it would be  a breathtaking performance; that this is the debut of a young child is  staggering. She is entirely believable as the girl with the vivid  imagination and understandable lack of foresight who is lead by  over-enthusiastic adults and suffers her own punishment of confusion  alone.  The tragedy within The Hunt is explicit and unavoidable. The external  tragedy is that it will probably not feature on most To See lists  because it is both foreign and that the explosions are emotional rather  than physical. Although it is Denmark's entry for Best Film in a  Foreign Language for the Oscars, I suspect both Mikkelsen and Vinterbeg  will be completely overlooked in their own right as with the principals  of Beasts of the Southern Wild. Thank goodness for the BAFTAS and Mark  Kermode! The events depicted in The Hunt are utterly horrific. Don't  sit in front of the screen expecting a light, easy, thought provoking  flick. I emerged numb, angry, helpless and terrified. But for one  careless or cruel comment, it could happen to me.  Or you.
good One reviewer claimed its story could have been written by "a ten year old girl on drugs". Well I've met some ten year old girls with astonishing imaginations, so I'm not sure that that's much of a criticism. True, if you're looking for deep this ain't it, but the same could be said for "The Matrix", not to mention just about every video game ever made. Then of course there's "Star Wars" which 10 year-old (and those who think like them) find deeply profound and meaningful.Purely as escapist entertainment, "Jupiter Ascending" is awesome. Mila Kunis is superb. A week after watching it I still can't get it out of my mind. I plan to buy a copy of the DVD so I can watch it again.
good  A review I have put off for far too long....Bluntly, 2001 is one of the best science-fiction films made to date, if not the very best. Stanley Kubrick was a genius of a film maker and this is one of his very best works. And although it is misunderstood by many, and respectively underrated, it is considered one of the best films of all time and I'll have to agree. Back in 1968, no one had done anything like this before, and no one has since. It was a marvel of a special effects breakthrough back then, and seeing how the effects hold up today, it is no wonder as to why. The film still looks marvelous after almost forty years! Take note CGI people. Through the use of large miniatures and realistic lighting, Kubrick created some of the best special effects ever put on celluloid. This aspect alone almost single-handedly created the chilling void of the space atmosphere which is also attributed to the music and realistic sound effects. I can't think of another film where you can't here anything in space, like it is in reality. Not only is the absence of sound effects in space realistic, it is used cleverly as a tool to establish mood, and it works flawlessly.Aside from the magnificent display of ingenious special effects, there are other factors that play a part in establishing the feel of the film. The music played, all classical, compliment what the eyes are seeing and make you feel the significance of man's journey through his evolution from ape to space traveler.The story, while seemingly simple, is profound. Sequentially, several mysterious black monoliths are discovered and basically trigger certain events integral to the film. What are they? Where did they come from? What do they do? These are all questions one asks oneself while watching the story develop and is asked to find his own way. While most come away with a general idea of what took place in the story, each individual will have to decide what it means to them. Any way one decides to answer these question results in profound solutions. It's not left entirely up to interpretation, but in some aspects it is. Experience it for more clarification. The end result is quite chilling, no matter your personal solution.While it is a long film, and sometimes slows down, it has to be in order to accurately portray the journey of man. It's not a subject that would have faired well in a shorter film, faster paced feature. Those with short attention spans need not apply.Last but not least, is the epitome of a remorseless antagonist, HAL 9000, the computer. Never has a machine held such a chilling screen presence. Which reminds me, for a film with such profound ambition and execution, there is surprisingly little dialogue. Another sign of Kubrick's genius.All in all, one of the best films made to date and one of the very best science fiction films made. A personal favorite. Everyone must see this film at least once.Very highly recommended.
good "Remember, remember, the fifth of November, gunpowder treason and plot. I see no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot." I've never read the graphic novel, but I don't think you need to read it to appreciate the movie. I saw the film last night at it's World Premiere at the Berlin International Film festival. Though it became a little weighty in the middle (one part seemed to drag a little) other than that it was a great experience. The story was so topical that I got seriously emotional during a lot of parts. Weaving did an excellent job with the mysterious title character "V", creating a poetic, intelligent, and compassionate yet ruthless character. Portman always seems to surprise me, except with her Star Wars character. She portrays tremendous emotional range and transforms completely throughout the movie. This is one of those movies that really sticks in your head long after you watch it though... and it continues to stir and grow.
good This film tells the story of a man and a woman, who use dating apps to meet others for fun with no strings attached.That's the first ten minutes of the plot anyway. It appears that they constantly want newness in their love and sex lives. Yet, the story soon develops to another direction. It is clear that one of them is stuck in the past, while the other wants something but would not admit it. It is a brilliant portrayal of modern relationships. It even explores honesty to self and others. In addition, the lighting and the sets are consistently remarkable. Though the film is a little slow at times, it is still worth a watch.
good  This definitely is one of my favorite Korean films. On the surface "Memories of Murder" might appear as a simple cop-genre film. Yet underneath this costume lies an honest depiction of South Korea during the military dictatorship in the 80's. The lead actor Song Kang-ho's performance is outstanding as ever under the direction of Bong Joon Ho (The Host). The style and tone of the film constantly alludes and reminds the audience of the Japanese director Immamura Showei(Unagi, Vengeance is Mine), while the narrative structure seems too plotted according to the film's genre predecessors. For instance serial killer who gets stimulated by color red and rain while good/bad cop buddies come together in an expected fashion. However, I give 9/10 for its subtext rather than the film's outer appearance. Strongly recommend it!
good This movie is intelligent. That is, more than most other movies, it transcends the least common denominator - stupid people will probably not appreciate it. The story also relies heavily on dialogue. It has some parallels to Lost in Translation, although Before Sunrise is much brighter, somehow less abstract, and simply a lot better.The script, the characters and even the slightly surreal atmosphere feel totally realistic. The actors play absolutely brilliantly. Rarely have I seen a movie where the script and the acting has melted this perfectly together.The dialogue moves into very personal issues, with the risk of becoming a little over the top. It does, however, stay on the right side almost all the time, although I found a few moments a little awkward and embarrassing. Balancing on this fine line demands outrageously talented actors. Sometimes, it yields great results, and overall this movie is simply stupendous! Only very, very rarely is "love" in films depicted in a way that I find trustworthy and realistic. Every time that is achieved, the result is fantastic. I think the stunning and apparently timeless beauty of the female lead actress helped quite a bit in this respect. She still looks stunning in this film, 12 years after.This is simply a gem of a movie that you can't miss. One of the best movies I have seen from the 1990s!
good  which movie includes time travel, destructive meteor shower,heart-wrenching tragedy,mesmerizing romance,wonderfully extravagant art and many more genres in 1.5 hours,none to my knowledge.'your name' is a beautiful blend of sci-fi, thriller ,romance.I watched the movie just after it's release and believe me i found no reason to blink my eye, it is yet another masterpiece by makoto shinkai.when watching Japanese anime movies, the westerners usually prefer studio ghibli's work , but after this many might reconsider this.if you want to know what I'am speaking about just watch it and you would cherish those 1.5hrs of emotions filed with love,agony,tragedy,joy.And please believe me this is no exaggeration.while watching the movie you will feel your heart racing craving for more drama,romance but still you want to know how it ends and amid-st this confusion you will be using your brains to understand what is going on.And when it ends you will be realizing that it is the one epic movie that will go on in your "the best movies i've ever watched" list. And the next moment you will be writing or telling about the movie to your friends.P.S Just consider watching it and you will never regret it.
good  Max is your ordinary terrier who loves his mistress Katie and he waits with baited breath for her return every night from work. His friends also wait for their owners, but not with the dedication Max has! Leonard, a large poodle plays rock music when his proper owner who loves classical goes to work, while Chloe a rather snobby cat pushes away her bowl of cat food when her owner goes to work. Gidget a small white dog who loves Max watches soaps while a pet bird pretends he is a fighter plane. Everything in Max's world with Katie changes when she brings home a large brown dog named Duke who steals Max's bed and food. Max wants Duke out of the picture and in the real world when the dog walker Katie hires doesn't do his job right, Max seems to get his wish. However,things turn out bad when Max along with Duke get picked up as strays and it is up to Chloe and Gidget to get them back. Chloe and Gidget hire a scavenger bird and a crazed white bunny named Snowball to get Max and Duke back. This is a very funny story about the way our pets see the world and how they see us! Max learns to love Duke even though he doesn't want to share his owner with him and both are lucky to have Katie in their lives. I recommend this movie to all pet owners!
good  The main complaints that I have seen about this movie are about character development and dialog, but in ~2 hours, it's hard to develop 5-6 main characters who all have potentially fascinating back-stories. In 3-D, this movie is amazing. I knew it wouldn't be the same if I waited it to come out on DVD, so I watched it in the theater, and I was fully satisfied. Ships flying at me, debris coming out of nowhere, awesome fight scenes in the air, beautiful and colorful dresses on Kunis --- it was amazing. Even my mom stayed awake! So yes, I wanted more character development, toobut I think that's because they introduced such interesting characters!! I'm just hoping they write a book so I can read more into the stories. You could do much more character development in a 600 page book than in a 2 hour movie. This story-line is along the caliber of J.R.R. Tolkien's novels, without the space to develop the plot. There were definitely Harry Potter-like scenes, and also areas that were reminiscent of Hunger Games as well, particularly with the elaborate clothing, bureaucracy and deceit tactics used by the upper echelon of the society. Anyways - the point is, I loved it and I wish that they would write a book or go into the back story of some of the individual characters a bit more.
good The first time I am aware of seeing IAWL I managed to catch the last 5 Min's of the movie. It seemed to feature a character running around shouting 'Merry Christmas' at everybody, followed by a party where everyone handed over money To be frank, I wasn't in a hurry to see the rest of the movie. Then several years later, I started to watch IAWL from the beginning, unaware that it was the same movie. I was struck by how comprehensive the character study of George Bailey was. He was a good man, but his ambitions were frustrated at every turn. He wanted an Education, that was just outside his grasp. He wanted to travel, life conspired against him. At every step of the way, one person saw George 'rolling with the blows', that was Mary Hatch. This woman loved George and wanted to stand at his side, so they can face the slings and arrows of misfortune together. This is love of the purest kind.But even Mary's love cannot prevent George contemplating suicide. A single bad day that sees George on the top of the World at the beginning and thinking that taking his own life is the only way out by 10.45 pm.I was stunned when the ending turned into the movie I had seen some time before. But this time I understood, this wasn't just sentiment for it's own sake. To understand the ending you need to have gone on the same dark journey that George Bailey had been on.Many others have commented on the feel good aspects of the movie, so I won't. What I would like to say is that there are a number of scenes which live in the memory long after the end credits.Young George trying to persuade Mr Gower that he had prescribed poison (with young Mary Hatch Looking on).George hurrying home when he heard his father had had a stroke (with Mary Hatch looking on).George waiting at the station with Uncle Billy for Harry to come back from college (only to find Harry is already married and has a job that will keep him away from Bedford Falls).That kiss (I have to check that I am earthed, there is so much electricity in the air).Mary giving up their honeymoon money, to keep the Building and Loan out of Potters grasp.The Bridal Suit (with Ernie & Bert).Trying to talk to Mary in the alternate reality, but managing frighten her. The Ending.I don't think I have seen a better character study, or for that matter a better movie.
good Making a live-action, feature film out of a cartoon show is definitely not an easy task, but the creators of this film pulled it off. THE FLINTSTONES is one of the most entertaining family films to come along in a good while. The great cast has a ball, particularly Elizabeth Taylor as Fred Flintstone's mother-in-law. Highly recommended!
good Blade Runner, directed by Ridley Scott and based on Philip K. Dick's novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep, is a Sci-fi slash Noir film about a cop named Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford) in a decrepit 2019 Los Angeles whose job it is to "retire" four genetically engineered syborgues, known as "Replicants".  The four fugitives, Pris (Daryl Hannah), Zhora (Joanna Cassidy), Leon (Brion James), and their leader, Roy Batty (Rutger Hauer), have escaped from an off-world colony in order to find their creator and bully him into expanding their pre-determined four year life span.  This film originally flopped when it came out in 1982, but since has become a widely acclaimed cult classic with a director's cut to boot.  A large part of the success that this movie has received can be attributed to its ability to operate on many different levels.Ridley Scott's hauntingly possible depiction of what might become of Los Angeles down the line is absolutely brilliant.  It captures elements of Noir with its urban atmosphere of decadence, lighting, and characters neither clearly defined as good nor evil.  Corruption is everywhere.  The garbage-littered streets and permanence of dark and rain give us the sense that we've seriously screwed up the atmosphere, and the impression that all respectable human beings have fled to the off-world colonies, leaving only the scum of the earth behind.There is a hint of style from the 40's, especially with respect to cars, costumes, and music.  Rachael's entire outfit, including her hair, screams the 40's.The soundtrack, arranged by Vangelis (who won an Oscar for his Chariots of Fire score), consisted mainly of Jazz and Blues.  This functioned to represent a dark, moody world of uncertainty and pessimism.The special effects were exceptional.  Much of the set was pulled off using models.  In my opinion, sets made by hand require leagues more of skill and are much more impressive and realistic than those computer generated.  These guys really knew what they were doing.  I was especially fond of the pyramidesque Tyrell Corporation building, which hinted at the god-like presence of Eldon Tyrell (Joe Turkell), the creator.The script (Hampton Fancher, David Peoples, and of course Phil Dick) worked for me, as well as the actors who gave voice to it.  Harrison Ford was well...Harrison Ford.  I thought he did a tremendous job down-playing the role.  His voice-over narration helped you along, and was yet another feature conducive to Film Noir (apparently this was taken out of the Director's Cut).  Rutger Hauer's performance was intense.  His lines at the end were intriguingly philosophical.  Daryl Hannah's chilling robotic expressions were quite impressive.  Joanna Cassidy was just plain hot.There is more to this film than just pulp.  It works on so many remarkable levels.  The movie itself is a detective noir quest for the meaning of life in a science fiction environment, but the story is a commentary on what it means to be human and the questions each one of us have about life, like: How long have I to live?  Why do I have to die?  What happens when I die? Doesn't my maker care?  Is this all merely an illusion?  At the end of the film we are left to wonder if these Replicants are human, and if Deckard himself is in fact a Replicant.  Scott raises more questions here than he answers, and as a result, critics are still debating the mysteries of this film today.  In a sense, the ambiguity of Blade Runner is the culprit of its success.
good  Thirty years prior to THE DEER HUNTER came this movie, an excellent meditation on the effects of war inflicted on the American family as seen from both the war heroes and their wives. A truly ironic title, THE BEST YEARS OF OUR LIVES is anything but since those times have vanished into still images and all that is left is an uncertain future for those involved.Truly an ensemble cast despite the top-billing of Myrna Loy, THE BEST YEARS OF OUR LIVES focuses more on the stories of the men. Al Stephenson (Fredric March) comes back to a household that has irrevocably changed as his sons have grown although he finds support from his doting wife Milly (Myrna Loy). Fred Derry, upon returning, cannot find a decent job despite being a war veteran and is trapped in a marriage that he does not want to Marie, a happy-go-lucky girl who wants more out of life and who increasingly comes to hate him. Homer Parrish, on the other hand, has greater problems due to his loss of hands at war and feels the entire world -- including the girl he loves and her family -- thinks he is a freak of nature.At almost three hours of length, the film never seems long and drawn out. There is so much emotions happening even in small moments that the plot breezes by; nothing seems wasted or placed on screen due to a lack of editing. Not a performance rings false, though the standouts are those of Dana Andrews as Fred Derry, Harold Russell as Homer Parrish and Virginia Mayo as Marie Derry. Even then every character has his or her moment on film, and the time was right to talk about all the pain and suffering that until then had not been seen in American films (including the ones made around World War One, which did not dabble in such topics). While there is never any overt violence, it's all there, in the haunted expressions of the three male leads' faces, in the lot where the planes now reside, ready to be turned into junk (and therefore, forgetfulness), in the cynicism of the store owners who couldn't be bothered to employ these shell-shocked men who had seen battle or even worse, to goad them into wondering what was it all worth for. This is the film in which COMING HOME and BORN ON THE FOURTH OF JULY are indebted to. At a time when America fled from war films, to come up with this when the end of the Second World War was still fresh was a necessity in order to make a more honest film-making.
good  Peter Jackson has done it.  He has created an all-encompassing epic saga of Tolkien's Lord of the Rings books, and after coming away from the final chapter, how does this rate not only as a film on its own, but as a part of the whole?Perfect.I've never seen a series like this.  A trilogy of movies created with such love and care and utter perfection of craft that you can't help but walk away and wonder how did Peter Jackson make this possible?  I have always loved the original "Star Wars" and "Indiana Jones" series for their epic storytelling, and just for just fitting in as a great moment in cinema. This should be, will be, remembered with as much revered fondness for generations to come.  They do not make films like these anymore.As a stand alone film, it picks up immediately where "Two Towers" ends, so brush up before seeing it.  I've read the books, and the anticipation of seeing some of the more profound moments in this film made me kind of view it with a rushed sense of perspective.  I wanted to make sure everything in this film was done "right".  And when it happened, it was.  I will need to see this again to enjoy everything on a more casual level.The cast comes through once more.  The musical score retains its beauty, elegance and power.  The special effects, notably Gollum again, are nothing less than breathtaking, and simply move the story along.  The battles are monumentally huge and exciting.  There are some liberties taken with the story, especially during the end with the homecoming, and yet, everything that needed to be covered regarding the main characters was handled. After the greatest moment of the series resolves itself, the story provided a breather.  And gives a good-bye to friends seen on screen for the last three years.  It was truly a bittersweet feeling in realizing that there will be no "Rings" movie in 2004.  I will miss this talented group of actors.As with the first two, the film is very long, but goes by without you ever truly realizing it.  This film is so much more than a simple "fantasy" epic. It's a story about strength of character, friendship, loyalty and love. And while every member of the Fellowship has their part to play, I finally understood why some critics have said this series is a story about Sam. It's his unwavering resolve that led the quest to its victory.  Sean Astin is a true credit for adding the inspirational heart to this epic.  As as far as the ending goes, they ended it the way that it had to be ended. Jackson ended this film the way it should have been.I will miss looking forward to a new "Rings" movie, but these movies provide hope that high-quality films can still be made without special effects taking over a story, bathroom humor, or a "Top 40" soundtrack.  George Lucas could learn a lot from these films about how not to alienate the fanbase.Each film has earned a "10" from me for the last two years, which for me to give is a rarity.  This one, however, is as equally deserving as its two predecessors.  The Academy had better not look over this film for "Best Picture" of 2003.  To do so would be greatly disrespectful of the craft and care that anyone involved with these films put into them.
good  Absolutely loved it. If you have seen the first, then you will be pleased with how well this was put together. They brought back some of the old characters, while adding new ones. I think something I liked most was how they incorporated some of the jokes and references to the first movie.If you liked the first movie, you'll love the second. If you haven't seen the first, I would recommend it as a good lead in for this film.There was just enough sexual tension, character betrayal, comic relief, and background to really carry this over. I loved the first, but I think the music selection was definitely better in this one.Thoroughly enjoyed it, and so will you!
good  This is like one of those afternoon made for TV "life affirming" dramas. Full of sugar, whimsy and wholesomeness but totally lacking in truth and bite. Ugh! The performances are almost uniformly two dimensional - even Allison Janney opted for cartoon like characterisation. The period detail is sometimes accurate but occasionally glaringly inaccurate. For example no girl in the early 60s would have worn her hair in Emma Stone's hopelessly anachronistic style. I blame Tate Taylor who was credited with the screenplay and direction. Apparently Taylor was born in Jackson and is a close friend of Kathryn Stockett. Can this really be how Ms Stockett wished her novel to be brought to the screen? But there again I haven't read the novel. Could it be full of the same yukky apple pie philosophy?
good It's not a bang bang here is all your answers type of show....it's a mystery and worth the confusion.....in fact the confusion is part of the allure.....it's not your cookie cutter criminal minds type of show....it's inventive and unique...if you're a creative type, deep type, old soul....you'll dig it.
good  I am a big fan of Pacific Rim honestly this was a good sequel Good story line it basically pick up 10 years after the first movie Y'all should go see it
good "Pride and Prejudice" by Jane Austen is among the most beautiful romances ever. The 2005 cinema version directed by Joe Wright is a gem of the cinema industry. The bad taste and lack of respect of "Pride and Prejudice and Zombies" by Burr Steers is impressive, destroying the wonderful romance with a brainless and silly version. However, the high-quality of the production, direction, performances, art direction, costumes and lighting is totally unexpected and unusual. It is conflictive, but my vote is six.Title (Brazil): "Orgulho e Preconceito e Zumbis" ("Pride and Prejudice and Zombies")
good  When you go to the ruins of Rome now, you get really no sense of the scale and the grandeur of what that forum would have been It's hard to get it anywhere except from some of the great epic films of the past like "Quo Vadis," "Ben-Hur," "Demetrius and the Gladiators," "Barabbas," and "The Fall of the Roman Empire." Scott's "Gladiator" is build around a mythic character, a man trying to find his way home... It is around someone finding inner strength in a tough time Maximus is somebody who doesn't want to be a soldier We realize this is a man who is pursuing the ultimate which is transcending death and finding love after death which completely transforms your reaction to the man, a man who is very, very strong but very, very loving The plot, familiar from Anthony Mann's " Fall of the Roman Empire," had Crowe as Maximus, the proud well-loved Roman general in the army of Emperor Marcus Aurelius (Richard Harris). Maximus whose motto is 'Strength and Honor' is like a son to Aurelius, a statement that left Aurelius' own son, Commodus perturbed...Disappointed by the news that his father privately decides to name Maximus his successor, and being a young ambitious son lusting for power, he murders his father, and orders a strike against the general... One of the best scenes of the motion picture is where Commodus is told by his father that he is not going to be the emperor Joaquin Phoenix is easy to hate in a frightening and vile character...Ridley Scott creates a lot of beautiful scenes between the characters He did some fantastic work in all of those wonderful scenes in the film But there's another moment between the emperor and his daughter Lucilla (the Danish beauty Connie Nielsen) that I loved very much Harris says, "Let's not speak of politics. Let us pretend that you are a loving daughter and I'm a good father. " They walk for a few seconds and Lucilla says, "This is a pleasant fiction." I felt this short scene so sophisticated It seemed to me wonderfully insightful, simple in terms of amount of words, but complex in terms of understanding this strange relationship One of the most successful bits of casting was Oliver Reed He's a harsh and rough businessman who makes his living off the death machine and yet, inside, there was some kind of ethical person that would come out at the right momentRidley Scott's epic film does not romanticize a democratic Golden Age of Rome but a decaying, blood thirsty empire on the edge of its fall... Through its beautiful music, through Russell's performance and through Ridley's soulfulness, "Gladiator" brought a poetic vision in a new and very cinematically richly way that really gave the audience something different, so emotional and so intimate
good  THE STING is so full of twists and turns at every unexpected moment that it never stops drawing you into all of its traps. All of it is performed at a fast clip and the performances have all the nuances needed to keep you entertained and in suspense.Sparked by perfect period detail, a Scott Joplin piano score courtesy of Marvin Hamlisch and grand performances, it is gritty and at all times entertaining--it deserves to be seen more than once to relish all the tricks you missed the first time.For full enjoyment, a plot description is better left for the first time viewer to discover so I won't give any plot details here.The three central performances are perfection--Robert Redford, so comfortable in a role he was obviously born to play, Paul Newman, the epitome of a confidence trickster and Robert Shaw as the man who falls hard for The Sting. Newman and Redford are even more at home here than they were as Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid.No wonder it won so many '73 Oscars--including Best Picture. A film to relish again and again, with scenes that never lose their punch. The story is full of clever touches that will hook you into the 1930s atmosphere and have you waiting for the knockout ending.Watch for the scene of Redford and the waitress he seeks out at 2:00 a.m. It's the kind of acting that can melt your heart.
good  No movie ever made has influenced me more than this classic. I had the honor of doing a play version of it about 5 years ago. I had seen the film thousands of times, had loved it, but I never really knew what it meant. During the course of the production, I suddenly felt alive. I felt that I wasn't having enough fun. I felt that I wasn't doing enough in my life. Crazy things, like kissing my mother or my father. I hadn't really hugged one of them in a while. It makes you think. It's more of a thinking person's film than a mere Christmas film. If you think it's just a Christmas film, I insist you watch it again and again, until you get the message.Stewart gives the finest performance of his career, in one of the most difficult characters ever portrayed. A character all of us are familiar with...a person looking to find himself/herself. It's the great struggle for finding what it is in life you really want to do. George Bailey teaches us so lessons throughout the film and in the end he teaches us the most important lesson of all, that life, although a long and winding road, truly is (for lack of a better word) wonderful...
good In countless stories, villains hide their crimes. In countless others, innocents are framed. But is there a third possibility? Once your life has come unglued from truth, can you begin to doubt your own memories? What is fantasy? What is alibi? What is genuine recollection? This possibility is intriguingly explored in the novel, The Spinning Man by George Harrar, and in this movie. Let this film get under your skin, and you may begin to second-guess your own inner life. Those fantasies-they were just fantasies, weren't they?
good  It's ironic that I'm saying "many people missed the point" because I did, too. My original review on IMDb gave the film a negative rating. I deleted it months ago because I have since purchased the Director's Cut on DVD and fallen in love with it.The movie is energetic, imaginative and unique. It's taken from Irvine Welsh's novel, which I now really want to read. It's about a group of heroin addicts (led by Ewan McGregor's Renton) in Scotland who can't seem to live past their addiction...everything centers around drugs."Trainspotting" was condemned for promoting drug use, but I agree with fellow reviewer Bob the Moo who claims this was a misinterpretation on the media's behalf - yeah, it may show drugs as being "funny" at times (like Renton's wacky hallucination) but it certainly doesn't glamorize them. Some of the sequences are sickeningly realistic and depressing - like the scene with the baby. That's tragic stuff, and totally unexpected. It's also effective because by that point in the film we care about the characters enough for it to affect us on an emotional level.The movie was really popular in the UK but never got much acclaim overseas. Americans in general will always be less liberal and be quicker to damn films for their messages. "Taxi Driver" was hailed by Europeans in '76...can't really say the same for US critics - it was a huge split in opinion at the time.Ditto here. Most Americans didn't really "get it" and the only attention it received was the controversy surrounding the appearance of Mr. McGregor's genitalia. Oh, the humanity! If you haven't seen "Trainspotting" yet, I highly recommend it. Don't be turned off at first by its bleak humor and sick content - I won't lie, it IS a rough ride...but by the end, it's worth it.
good I think our day to day life has more than enough material for a good movie. 'A separation' engrosses you into the life of a small Persian family and shows you what happens there. You get to watch this very closely and the final result is a superbly simple and beautiful film. The story is so real, this could have happened anywhere. There is also another nice movie by the same director - 'About Elly (2009)', but I think I liked this one more. The movie lingers, makes you think, but its not heavy on your mind, you relish the thinking, it might probably remind you of the events in your own life and what you may have done in those circumstances. In some sense, you actually cherish the fact that well - this is life. There are too many beautiful moments in this film to list, go watch it, satisfaction assured.
good Its Hitch's most briskly entertaining movie, and one of his most comic, adventure-caper type movies, largely thanks to the persona of Cary Grant. But its also one of his most suspenseful - in the fact that Grant is being recognised as someone else, and that he may be put in jail for someone else's crime.I've finally come to realise just how great North by Northwest is. The reason you should love Hitchcock is he put entertainment upfront.  Hitchcock was not interested in whether this or that would happen in real life: he was interested in what would make the most entertaining scene for the movie. North by Northwest is a peak in this regard. The dialogue and situations intentionally throw reality to the wind - the double-entendre dialogue in the love scenes is not supposed to be the way people talk!If you said to Hitchcock "as if he'd keep driving" or "as if she'd do that" - he would just laugh at you and say you've missed the point. This is 100% movieland, and once you get used to the fact, and that this is not a fault in the film, but done intentionally, you'll love it. Its expressionistic - everything happens in movie language: the people laughing at Grant in the elevator, the way he keeps driving drunk near the beginning, the way he grabs the knife and everyone stares at him after someone's been stabbed.It flirts with the idea of identity. I thought it was interesting how Grant first is dismissing, then incredulous that people should be calling him by another name; then, as the tries to find out who this guy is, he enters the hotel room of this new identity, then he puts the suit on, and finally he identifies himself as George Kaplan.A succession of fantastic, memorable scenes, a great leading man in Grant, and one of Hermann's essential Hitch scores make for a movie i can put on at any time.10/10
good  Huge fan of the book and found this movie to be a great adaptation. The cast did a great job and the storyline was done on par with the book. This was one of the first indie romance books I ever read on my tablet and it brings me so much happiness to see this gem get the credit it deserves. Ten glittery stars! Must watch romance, perfect for fans of Nicholas Sparks!
good The Grapes of Wrath is one of those great American classics that manages to get on most of the big lists. With that in mind, I was expecting a minor let-down because of all the great things I'd heard about it. Yesterday I had one of those rare experiences watching a film where all of my expectations were met and exceeded.I found myself mesmerized by the people in the story; I wanted them to succeed. The Grapes of Wrath is a depressing film, which I knew coming in, but I was surprised by the little instances within the film where kindness was shown. In a film peopled by crooked cops and harsh times, it was refreshing to see these acts of kindness and integrity.The lighting in the film was also superb. In the opening scene where Tom is in his old house at night it really looks like it's at night. And in another scene, where he has a candle at night, it looks real. I know The Grapes of Wrath is the text-book example of natural lighting, but there's a reason for that. :) And without spoiling anything, I love how the film ended.
good  Despite clichés, and a very depressing finale, this is one of the best-made films of its era and genre.The strengths of the film include an odd relationship between the two lead cops, who seem loosely based on the two lead cops of the "Lethal Weapon" series, but who (thankfully) never play for laughs, and never really become "buddies" - the young cop is too arrogant, and the older cop has too much experience, which the young cop refuses to acknowledge. The two characters are also brilliantly acted by Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt (probably his best performance).There's one odd flaw in the film - about half-way through, I found that I had learned to "expect the unexpected" from the film, which meant that the rest of the film was predictable in a bizarre way - simply decide where the expected move would be, and then expect the unexpected move instead. The most obvious instance of this is in the finale itself, which could be guessed at least 5 minutes ahead of time.Normally, this would be a formula for disaster - but fortunately, the high quality of the film-making twists the film into an edge-of-the-seat suspenseful waiting game as we watch with horror the one cop's encounter with the insanity of pure evil.I didn't want to admire this film (to be honest, I dislike Brad Pitt something fierce), but I'm afraid I must - very professionally made, it delivers its promised suspense all the way.
good  I finally saw this film after Site & Sound Magazine rated it as the third greatest film ever made in their once-a-decade list. Far from being in the pantheon of greatest films, I found it to be a ploddingly dull movie that made some fairly obvious points about the weakening of the parent/child relationship as the parents settle into old age.The movie is definitely not without its fine points. The acting is generally excellent and the last half hour becomes increasingly interesting after the first brutally slow-paced opening hour and forty-five minutes. It's entirely possible that if Site & Sound hadn't placed this film on such a high pedestal, I might have enjoyed it more than I did. But then again, if they hadn't have rated it so highly, I might have never seen it at all.In the final analysis, "Tokyo Story" is worth a look but if you're expecting to see one of the greatest films ever made, be ready to be disappointed.
good This movie is based on a best seller and features fine actors. Still it doesn't seem to have gained the buzz I expected. Perhaps that's because people are expecting a horror film more than a thriller. Yes, it's a bit of both. I would recommend the film and hope that it finds success.
good  Action packed!! This is one of those films you had to keep watching till the end. Loved the cinematic shots of the Canadian snow! Nailed it with the casting. A+ actors who were immersed in their characters. Good debut from the director too.
good This is one of the best "trial movies" ever made. It's an outstanding film that is just as good today as it was almost 50 years ago when it was released in the theaters. The shocking ending caused quite a stir back then, too.The only part of the movie I thought looked dated and unrealistic was Tyrone Power's character being able to interrupt the trial with outbursts and not be reprimanded for it. There is no way that would be tolerated, at least today.Otherwise, it's a pretty solid film with a good cast that includes two fascinating characters played by actors who know how to entertain: Charles Laughton and Marlene Dietrich. Laughton, who plays Power's defense attorney, grabs the spotlight in the story but Dietrich almost steals the movie in her role as Power's wife. Laughton's dialog is terrific throughout, bringing a number of laughs to this serious film. He's just a joy to watch. Dietrich is even more riveting but just doesn't have anywhere near the same amount of screen time as Laughton.Not to be overlooked is Elsa Lanchester, playing Laughton's nurse. She, too, demonstrates her comedic talent and significantly adds to the fun of watching this film.If you like some fine drama, storyline twists, a little humor thrown in and great acting and dialog, this is a classic film to check out.
good Good movie, you can waste some minutes of your life, but:Extremely predictable ending.During the 'port' scene there is a huge mistake, semi-automatic gus reload amoatically, so after she shoots gun shoud be loaded.She tooks out the magazine, but that doesn´t unload the pistol that remains with a bullet inside. She sould have blown his knee.Douglas does a good job, but at the end, he makes this super stupid mistake completely out of carater. The guy was cool all along, and sudenly (and in order to achive what?).
good So the writing wasn't of an A class standard, but the show last for over 10 seasons so you can't say that some people or should i say alot of people didn't like it or else it wouldn't have lasted that long. Here's just a summary of a few of the characters and why they made Baywatch so fun to watch and enjoy.David Hasselhoff (Mitch)- Right, he wasn't the greatest of actors and i'll be the first to admit it but David provided the show with alot of advertising and was the only character in the show's history to last all 9 seasons of Baywatch: California. Mitch brought the machoness to the show and he always put on stellar performances when they were needed.Pamela Anderson (CJ Parker)- Again not one of the best actresses but basically I think most of us know she was only really there for the eye candy, but CJ gave us some memorable moments on the show too especially when she struggled to find love through her years at Baywatch.Yasmine Bleeth (Caroline Holden)- She has to be one of the best actresses to ever grace the Baywatch shores, Caroline was the shy, seductive type who was always getting things wrong with her work and like CJ with her love life. Unlike Pamela, Yasmine wasn't afraid to take to the water.Alexandra Paul (Stephanie Holden)- Another good actress to grace the Baywatch shores and I think the only one to actually die, weird, but Stephanie's death was one of the best acted episodes from all characters.Gena Lee Nolin (Neely Capshaw)- One of the only hardcore bitches to come to baywatch and she was a real bad girls, sueing Matt Brody and forcing him to quit after false sexual harrasement charges, sleeping with Logan and manipulating him in front of Caroline, seducing Cody and tricking Mitch into marrying her. She provided the best entertainment on the show and always got her commupance.I could go through the rest but i'll not, but basically Baywatch provided us with some other great actors and actresses like Erika Eleniak, Nicole Eggert, Carmen Electra, Kelly Packard, Mitzi Kapture, Angelica Bridges and so many more.
good  To all the turds here that think they know what a Godzilla movie should be, and to all the so called 'critics' that couldn't enjoy a movie if they played the star role, this movie isn't supposed to be a Schindler's List or Godfather, and if it had been it WOULD have been garbage. Too bad you couldn't enjoy it because for anyone that grew up actually watching Godzilla like I DID, this movie is nothing but pure greatness and just enjoyable to experience. I'm not going to sit there and nit pick a freakin Godzilla movie for AAA acting and story lines even though I thought both were just fine here. Anyone who has to do that with a Godzilla movie shouldn't be watching ANY Godzilla movies because you have no idea how to appreciate it for what it is and ALWAYS has been.All I know is this. I haven't been this excited for a movie since Jurassic Park in 1993. When I went to see Jurassic Park everyone in the audience was cheering and standing up to clap for the great parts in that movie. It was exhilarating. I was 18 at that time and felt like I was ten. I had so much fun watching it. This was exactly the same. I'm sitting there, 39 years old and felt like I was ten again. There were great and memorable parts in the movie, and this all adds up to what is called a good movie. Everyone stood up at the great parts and clapped, people were wahooooing, Godzilla couldn't have been more badass looking and animated, and I've watched it multiple times at home again, still yelling and probably waking up my neighbors at the good parts. If that isn't a sign of a good movie I don't know what is, and anyone who is a true Godzilla fan would have noticed some great homages to the original movies.Another gripe I'll address is the fact that he didn't show up till halfway through the movie, and wasn't stomping throughout the 2 hours. This is what made the movie special, and this is what made Godzilla so special in his role. If they had shown him throughout, people would have been desensitized quickly by his presence, and the movie would have just ended up another CGI fest with no soul. Not to mention some of the old movies were the same way. People would have been ready for the movie to be over with by the end of it, but as it happened, everyone was cheering at the very end wanting more Godzilla, and that's exactly how it should have been. They couldn't have done it any better. And for the people that think it was cheezy for him to ride off into the ocean in the end, GO WATCH A GODZILLA MOVIE and learn a few things. For anyone who is a true fan and grew up with these movies, get the movie and watch it if you haven't already. It's Godzilla at his best.
good  "Scarface" has a major cult following even now, 22 years after its release.It has also been widely criticized as being very tacky, unrefined, over-the-top and all bloated up! These are people who compare Scarface to The Godfather movies. It is true that on the technical front, (cinematography, screenplay, direction, etc.) Scarface is way behind 'The Godfather'.But it is also true, that what Scarface has and some other gangster movies lack, is the rawness, the sheer crude approach of the gangsters. The Latino gangsters in this movie look much more menacing and real than any of the polished Italian or Irish gangsters from other gangster classics like 'The Godfather' or 'Goodfellas'. This is one of the major winning points of Scarface and I strongly believe that this fact has been written off as "tackiness" by most critics! I have seen the original 1932 Scarface, and I must say that both these movies are way too different from each other and should be seen as two different movies instead of praising the original over the "remake"! Al Pacino has been criticized to be over-the-top and loud in this movie. But how about considering that that is precisely the way the film-makers wanted Tony Montana's character to be! He is this angry young man who takes hasty decisions and throws fits of tantrum every other minute! He is not the calm Michael Corleone here. He is Tony Montana, a very tacky, uneducated individual who doesn't really think much and gets angry all the time!There is definitely a very 80s feel to this movie. The soundtrack is all 80s! I love some of the songs, including 'Gina and Elvira's theme', 'Push it to the limit' and the title track instrumental.There are some memorable and beautifully shot sequences, including the famous chainsaw scene, the Rebenga hit, the first meeting with Sosa and Tony's visit to his mother's.About the performances: Al Pacino is brilliant as the angry Cuban refugee. He has reportedly mentioned that he enjoyed playing Tony Montana the most in his entire career. And it really does seem like he has enjoyed himself thoroughly in all his scenes! One wonders what "Scarface" would be like without Pacino. I just couldn't imagine anyone else portraying Tony Montana and in all probabilities, the film wouldn't be as effective without him!Steven Bauer shines as Tony's friend Manny.Robert Loggia is wonderful as Tony's boss, Lopez. So is F. Murray Abraham (as Omar) in a small role.Then there is some eye-candy in the form of Elvira played by Michelle Pfeiffer. She looks beautiful and is adequate in her role.The director does go a bit overboard during a particular part in the climax. Without revealing anything, I would only say that that was the only little part that suffers due to improper handling."Scarface" is definitely one of the most entertaining and one of the best gangster movies to ever come out. Enjoy it for what it is: a raw portrayal of the Drug Lords and their gangland!
good  Phil Connors, a cynical and unbearable journalist goes like every year in a small town in Pennsylvania to report on "Groundhog Day", it means the beginning of the spring. But, he is out of luck because due to the bad weather, he and his crew (including the pretty Rita) he is compelled to stay at his work place for the night. The following day, he awakes and lives exactly the same day again but he is the only one to realize it. It is like this, the next days again and again! What should Phil do to stop this? Maybe an improvement of his personality would be the wisest solution.You can easily imagine what a filmmaker like Frank Capra would have done with such a topic but Harold Ramis managed very well and he signs here his most beautiful success to date and one of the finest comedies of the nineties. The main strength of "Groundhog Day" comes from a strong and inventive screenplay which enables Bill Murray to go through all the different states which is logical because if tomorrow is the same day, anything goes for him! The script also draws its comical force from the repetition. This process gives delightful sequences, notably in the first part of the movie. You have to see Murray live the same day again, faced with the same situations and as he despises people, it can only make the spectator laugh. Moreover, Ramis described his main character by mocking at him a little.Of course, the evolution followed by Murray is a little predictable (scornful at the beginning, he will succeed in becoming nice at the end of the film and in finding love with Rita) and you easily guess the message that Ramis tries to put across. But it remains nevertheless warm and deeply humane. However that may be, the director gave us a pleasant, sometimes funny sometimes moving movie to watch. And it is one of Bill Murray's best performances: fair, never bombastic. What more could you ask from him?
good Why a man would want to marry another man? asks Tony Curtis, Security! Jack Lemmon replays without missing a beat. Clearly he had put the question to himself before and had arrived to a perfectly sensible conclusion. Everything in this gem of a movie had been thought so cleverly and as it turned out so prophetically, that the world of our three characters, a world of prohibition and gang wars could be today and more than likely will be tomorrow. Billy Wilder analyzes human nature with an acid eye and a glorious panache for underlining our most endearing features. Our frailties. Marilyn Monroes is at her pick, the sadness in her eyes a startling metaphor in a comedy about wanting. Tony Curtis with an Eve Arden's pout is so beautiful, so charming, imitating Cary Grant and trying to be himself that, in my mind he'll be always be in a frock. And, of course, Jack Lemmon, throwing himself into the part, body and should. Only perfection can allow to end its course with a line like "Nobody's perfect"
good  One of the few 5/5 ratings I gave, out of the 41 movies I saw at the recent Santa Barbara International Film Festival.It's the kind of story that you feel everyone should see--that there would be less war and strife in the world if people did see this film. Enemies on opposite sides of the Georgian war find themselves recovering from injuries they've inflicted on each other, in an almost deserted farming community. The man who takes them both in does no preaching, makes no judgments, but still they learn that their common humanity gives them a tie that is stronger than who they have been fighting for.The acting has dignity and humor and restraint, as does the script.My only criticism is that the song at the end needs subtitles--it's more than an outro (as the director explained at the Q and A session that followed the movie), it actually adds a layer of meaning to the final scene.
good Is there a better person to play a cyborg than Arnold?  For this movie he was a massively built oak tree of a man.  His strange accent makes for a perfect callous robotic sounding killing machine.  It's almost like his voice is a computer read out ( which I guess it is in one sense ). Terminator is one of those films that started something huge.  People didn't realize it at the time, but the careers of Arnold, Cameron and perhaps even guys like Micahel Biehn, Lance Henriksen and even Bill Paxton were substantially started because of this film.  And Cameron must have liked working with them so much that he gave all of them substantial roles in his next film ( Aliens ).As we all know what the story is, I'll just tell you a bit about what is so fascinating about it.  First I have to mention Michael Biehn.  He has the real starring role.  He is the character that has to explain everything to the audience.  He has to explain this complicated story so that we know what is happening and why.  It is not an easy job to do something like that and still come off looking all right.  But Biehn is simply awesome in this film. A microcosm of his performance can be seen when Sara bites him.  Biehn ( Kyle Reese ) replies " Terminator's don't feel pain.  I do.  Don't do that again. "  That is such a great line delivered with the perfect expression, the perfect tone and the perfect timing.  Biehn is perfect for the role.This is also the first film that I saw as a youngster that ever warned me of the dangers of nuclear war and of the rapid advancements of machinery. Perhaps I was too young and naive to fully understand all that James Cameron was trying to say, but now that I am older, I can honestly say that the two Terminators are perfect anti nuke films.  And they are so passionate with what they have to say.  I like it when a film has something to say.  I enjoy being entertained in the process but if you can manage both then you have a masterpiece.  This is a masterpiece.Finally. there are two other reasons to enjoy this film.  One, this is the first film where "I'll be back" was spoken.  Now it is part of Arnolds vernacular.  Secondly, Bill Paxton is in it.  And he adds spark to any film that he's in.  Especially here, as the idiot punk leader that really gets the hell beat out of him, he has some great lines.A great film.
good I don't understand all the haters. I often wonder why some people even bother going to movies. They over analyze and criticize every movie. I however love to enjoy movies at face value. I won't lie, to date no terminator movie after T2 has even come close to making me feel exited watching it the first time the way T2 did, until now.I thought this latest movie was fantastic, and I was not alone. I saw a preview screening with about 20% normal people and 80% press last night. It was obvious throughout the movie that the audience was very into the movie and at the end it got a standing ovation. What does that tell you? I could not wait for what came next.It won't surprise me a bit if half those reviewers that stood and clapped give the movie a bad review because thats what they do, or they think they are expected to do.Don't listen to reviews or the haters. Go see this movie while you can on the big screen. If you liked the first 2 movies this movie is very much more along those lines than the other sequels. Arnold being old fits great! The story is fantastic. The effects fantastic. Casting fantastic. For the first time in a long time I actually felt like I saw special effects I have not seen before.This movie deserves your attendance. Go have fun! I may go see it again this weekend.
good "I mean, I used to be Brent...and you used to be Kendall...and now we're just...Mom and Dad."I'm sure some parents will experience it in their life. The moment you get a bit tired of your offspring. That you would love to put them on a rocket and shoot them to the moon, so that you get a little bit of time and space. Even though your love for your children is unconditional and sincere. This moment will only last a few seconds with normal parents before they look back at their kids lovingly and realize they can't live without them. Not here in "Mom and Dad". Here you'll see parents in a small American town, who suddenly turn into murderous psychopaths with only one goal. And that's killing their lovely children.The cause of this parental hysteria is not entirely clear. Is it, like in "Cell", an electronic pulse that triggers their behavior? Or is it a mutated virus? Don't expect an explanation. In any case, it causes mothers to leave a little baby in the car which is parked on a railroad crossing. Or a big fat family man swinging around with a bloody baseball bat. And a bunch of fleeing students who are being tackled en masse by crazy parents. The movie isn't exactly horrifying or scary. Only the scene with the newborn baby gave me an uncomfortable feeling.It feels like a typical zombie movie with parents walking around with a glassy look. The only difference is that they only have an eye for their own children and don't have the urge to chase every panicking teenager. "Mom and dad" is complete madness and highly entertaining. Nicolas Cage shines as the father who thinks he's a complete failure. His dreams didn't come true and his career isn't that what he had imagined. The same applies to his wife played by Selma Blair. A bitter-toned, exhausted mother who can't accept that her daughter doesn't show any affection anymore for her. She has been exchanged for weed smoking girlfriends and the omnipresent social media. Their frustrations become obvious during the pool table scene, where they pour their guts out.It's been a long time ago since I've enjoyed total craziness which Cage can play as one of the best. In "Arsenal" he showed a crazy "Tony Clifton" type whose tirades were brilliantly played ans at the same time felt exaggerated. However, the disturbing hysteria and raging frenzy he shows here, exceeds this effortlessly. In a convincing way he shows that frightening look and pure anger. It's as if complete madness has taken over. I admit, It's also overly exaggerated. But that makes it humorous sometimes. The grandparents' moment was an ingenious idea and caused the story to take a different direction. Do you like a horror comedy with a slightly macabre atmosphere? Well, that means this movie is right up your alley.
good  While monsters in the closet may seem to be a scary reality for some children, `Monsters, Inc.' makes it light hearted by showing them it's all in a night's work.  The characters are as charming as the cast that speaks for them.It's a learning experience children get to see how an industry works. Monsters, Inc. is an in-genius corporation that has scientifically learned how to channel children's screams into energy that is used for electrical power.  It has monster employees, an assembly line of doors (which give monsters access to children's bedrooms), a top-flight training program and some of the top Monsters in the scaring business.There's a colorful Metropolis, filled with houses, buildings, businesses, cars and everything that makes a city run smoothly along with a population of colorful creatures.  One of the colorful groups of creatures is the yellow swat team.  Their job is to protect the Metropolis of Monsters, Inc. from human contamination.But what happens when a human child mysteriously gets through the bedroom door and terrorizes the city with screams and boo's.  It's wondrous and funny.  In the mist of all this is industrial crime, brought on by greed. But, the story ends on a very happy note.John Goodman is the voice of `Sulley' a colorful large blue-green ape like monster who's the star Monsters, Inc. employee.  He's some type of monster, cut, cuddly, and he has a conscience that leads him to feelings of regret about scarring children.  He becomes attached to Boo (voice of Mary Gibbs) a cute, little big-eyed girl who is mysteriously brought to Monsters, Inc. and in his quest to return her home becomes very attached to her.Sulley's best friend is Mike (voice of Billy Crystal) who's a funny looking green ball with stick legs and one huge eye.  His comedy is seen through out the movie.  Mike is Sulley's driving force, acting as his agent.  Mike's job is to make sure Sulley remains the top Monsters, Inc. employee. But when it comes to laughter Mike proves he's on top.Mike's girl friend Celia (voice of Jennifer Tilley) is the stylish employee who has Mike's best interest at heart.  Her job is to keep him out of trouble.I give Monsters, Inc. a ten.  It is an animated movie that can be enjoyed by the whole family.  It makes for great family fun.
good  "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid" is in my all time top ten movies, and has been for quite awhile. At the same time, I can't say that it's my favorite Western, as the film almost transcends the genre to become the quintessential buddy movie. In their respective roles as Butch and The Kid, Paul Newman and Robert Redford develop a magnetism and charisma that give the movie it's tremendous appeal.I recall the first time I saw this movie upon it's release in 1969 and how original many of the scenes and concepts played out, from Butch's put down of Harvey Logan's (Ted Cassidy) challenge at Hole in the Wall, Sundance's gunpoint strip by Etta (Katharine Ross), and the humorous exchanges between the bandits and E.L. Harriman's trusted train guard Woodcock (George Furth). Life on the run never seemed as glamorous as Butch and the Kid attempting to outwit "those guys". Even the final scene, with the Mexican troops encircling the "yanquis bandidos" location, I kept wondering how they were going to get out of this one.The film also cleverly introduces one of the year's top hit tunes with "Raindrops Keep Fallin' on My Head", though if you want to be critical, it wasn't raining during the segment in which it runs, which on reflection doesn't seem to make sense. But the upbeat tempo of the tune does support the light hearted action on screen and just works.Some veteran character actors perform admirably here as well. Of particular note is Jeff Corey as Sheriff Ray who carefully orchestrates his own bondage by the boys lest he be considered in cahoots with them; and Strother Martin as the Bolivian paymaster who hires Butch and Sundance as the proverbial foxes in the hen house to guard the company payroll. The scene with the Mexican bandits was reminiscent of an earlier era's treatment in "Treasure of the Sierra Madre", though with dire consequences for the banditos this time around.At just under two hours, the film seems to fly by, a testament to intriguing and involved story telling. Even when you know it's over for Butch and Sundance, you're hoping for one more exchange before lights out, such is the camaraderie one feels for the film's protagonists. This is a movie I return to at least once yearly for a good old dose of action and humor, and it still delivers time after time.
good The British comedy troupe Monty Python had always been on the edge of controversy ever since their show "Flying Circus" appeared on the BBC in the late 1960s, but nothing had prepared the world for what Life of Brian had brought. In Life of Brian, the comedians go after the one institution that has always had trouble accepting satire: religion, specifically the Christian Church. Seen as blasphemous, Life of Brian needed an eleventh hour rescue for Beatle George Harrison to finish the film. The church was wise to wonder what the Pythons were doing. Life of Brian is filled with questions of the role of religion in society, why people often feel they need religion, and the age old question of "What would happen if the 3 wise men went to the wrong stable on that night they brought gifts to the young savior?" There is typical Python silliness throughout the movie, set up early where listeners at one of Jesus' sermons (held at "tea time," of course) think they hear that "blessed are the cheese makers." But the most important part of this film, and it's charm, are the questions of religion. No matter your faith, you will find scenes in Life of Brian unsettling, provocative, and humorous, possibly all three at once. While not wall-to-wall as funny as Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Life of Brian is a humorous look at civilization's oldest and dearest institutions, and asks us to consider what we are doing.
good MEMENTO / (2001) ***1/2 (out of four)By Blake French:	How is this for a scenario? A man breaks into your house in the middle of the night. He kills your wife and leaves you with brain injuries. Furious, you pledge your life to track down and kill whoever is responsible. There is just one problem: after the head injury, you are no longer capable of creating new memories; everything before the accident is crystal clear, but now you cannot remember anything past several minutes.	Now chew on this: what happens to guilt if you cannot remember what you did? How can a person have emotions if he does not know where they came from? How can we learn from our experiences if we cannot remember them. What is the purpose of revenge if someone cannot recollect or prosper from it?	"Memento" wins this year's prize for inducing the most audience participation. Not only is the film thought-provoking and unusually absorbing, but it also places us in the main character's shoes. How can we be in the same mental status with the main character when he cannot remember anything? Writer/director Christopher Nolan has that answer: he tells the story backwards. We begin at the end and work our way towards the beginning. However, each individual scene plays running forward, often overlapping, providing us with clear, constructive transitions. The main character, Leonard, is confused in prospects of time and experience, and so are we.	Other characters include Natalie (Carrie-Anne Moss, from "The Matrix"), who also lost someone close and can help Leonard, and Teddy (Joe Pantoliano, also from "The Matrix"), whose identity often shifts mysteriously. Then there is the series of flashbacks of Leonard's experiences while working as an insurance agent. The situation involves an individual named Sammy, who has a memory disorder similar to Leonard's. His diabetic spouse is not sure whether her husband is faking his condition or not. To prove it to herself she arranges a test I dare not reveal. Leonard is more intricately involved in this story than he even believes.  	"Memento" is smart and imaginative. It doesn't pass up little details of the characters. Leonard is constantly jotting himself notes and taking Polaroid pictures so his life can make some sense. He even gets permanent tattoos all over his body so he does not lose or forget some of the most important information. In a movie like this, it would be almost impossible to make without leaving some information out; even some of the film's actors were confused and requested a script told in sequence order. But these filmmakers have constructed a movie with a plot hole big enough to drive a semi through: If Leonard cannot remember anything after the accident, then how can he remember that he has a memory condition? There are no tattoos or notes to remind him, and whenever he meets someone he explains his condition thoroughly. This is necessary information he reveals, but there are better ways to do so. We could be there when his doctor explains the condition to him, or see his friends talking about it. The sky is the limit in a movie like this. It was not essential to leave such a massive, obvious hole in the plot. "Memento" is still a unique mystery thriller. It is a tantalizing experience we do not often come across at the movies. For audiences who like to sit back and relax, this film is a waste of time. It requires us to follow along, participate, fit puzzle pieces together-"Memento" doesn't provide any easy or obvious answers. All but the most intelligent and thoughtful kids will not be able to follow this film; it is intended for adult audiences. "Memento" is one of the year's most challenging movies, not to be missed if you are looking for something clever and original.
good Few films are as sensational or infamous as Stanley Kubrick's "A Clockwork Orange". It's impossible to sit through ACO and not have a reaction; whether it be shock, disgust or amazement. The savage tale of a brutal young droog and his subsequent "reformation" by the government is as shocking and thought-provoking as ever. While the film's depictions of violence and sex are what it's most known for, ACO works on far deeper levels. The disturbing portrayal of youth and its satirical depiction of a government's attempts to create a better society are brilliant, but the most fascinating aspect of ACO is the questions it poses about good and evil. While the crimes Alex commits at the beginning of the film are atrocious, what the government does to him is worse. The film presents the absolute worst aspects of man, but shows that even these are still favorable to a man without the choice. People can denounce the film because of its brutal content, but the importance of the questions it poses can't be denied. Equally excellent to the film's content is the effort by the crew. Kubrick's perfectionism pays off well, as ACO in one of his most visually striking films. Malcolm MacDowell is nothing short of amazing as Alex. Kubrick's use of surreal imagery and set pieces, as well as the ingenious use of music to compliment the on-screen action, creates a world that perfectly reflects the protagonist's behavior and the government's policies. A Clockwork Orange is by no means an easy film to get through, as many will be turned off by the scenes of violence and rape. But this masterpiece is far more complex than a simple romp through a world of youthful violence. It's a rare example of film-making that demands that the viewer actually think. Real horrorshow all around, Oh my brothers.
good It may have seemed logical before, but now there's genuine proof that a Coen Brothers movie has to be both written and directed by Joel and Ethan so that the dark comedy seems genuine, palpable, and not one bit contrived...But their own personal Cary Grant in George Clooney, the star of a few less inspired installments after the bro's last true classic, THE BIG LEBOWSKI, has, as director and co-writer, made his very own "Coen Brothers" experience taking place in a 1950's Suburban community called, simply enough, SUBURBICON, a misleading paradise with postcard-perfect houses and manicured lawns belonging to one-dimensional neighbors, all of them white... Save for the black family that just moved in... a husband, wife and child suffering through chanting protests right outside their living room window, and for absolutely zero reason plot-wise except to further prove how hypnotically racist, soulless and Stepford-like Caucasians were back then...But even this chanting mob is merely a background distraction for a pointless fable centering on who seems to be the most open-minded neighbor, living with his aunt and son after wife/mom was killed in an opening scene that plays out like IN COLD BLOOD on downers... Which the main character, Matt Damon, seems to have overdosed on: With zero personality he's hardly a person to either root for as a hero or follow as a pawn through this sluggish maze without corners. Despite a few quirky Coen elements, SUBURBICON goes absolutely nowhere, slowly. The location is supposed to mean everything, and does look old-new and genuinely nostalgic, but it's eye candy without a main course. Plus there's a particularly loud, awkward silence throughout: difficult to explain except that it occurs when a movie has no point or purpose, urgency or destination...Unlike a real Coen's film, the moments that don't serve the plot aren't intriguing/engrossing as a character-study while these characters, white or black, drive absolutely nothing. The best thing is the relatively short run time. Plus there's an inevitable yet still somewhat intriguing primal twist that could've given Matt Damon's middle-aged sad-sack a touch of TALENTED MR. RIPLEY but... no dice. Not even Coen stock trouper Julianne Moore has anything more to give than dull stares in the 4.8 IMDb-rated abyss that, like THE MONUMENTS MEN, proves Clooney is more beloved within the "progressive" bowels of Hollywood than a mainstream audience: anyone else would be banned from filmmaking. As an actor (HAIL CAESAR) and a director, he should just stay away from the Coens... Especially in this case, tacking-on an overblown social message to what was (most likely) a Noir-inspired tale of murder and mayhem. Let's face it... George is so politically motivated, he simply can't have any fun. To paraphrase the mortician's request to Don Corleone in THE GODFATHER... He wants us to suffer, like they suffered.
good  ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS***Over the years, I've read Lord of the Rings four times. During the holiday season of 2003/4, I watched Return of the King four times. While I embraced ROTK as the third part of a dream come true, I was not totally happy, left wondering why so many things vital were missing. The 4-hour extended DVD version explains a lot.My biggest beef was on so much missing about Aragon, and I found most of them in the DVD. One of the vital elements in the Fellowship's strategy is to draw Sauron's eye away from Frodo, and here Aragon's role is crucial. The "last debate" in the movie is totally inadequate in explaining the suicidal march to the Black gate but the DVD makes it very clear, with the additional scene of Aragon revealing himself to Sauron though the Palantir. He is the bait that Sauron cannot resist.Another important aspect is that Aragon comes into the city of Minas Tirith first and foremost as a HEALER, not as a king. The kingship comes afterwards. This is again brought out in the additional scenes in the DVD, although still missing a lot of details from the book.Still disappointing, even for the DVD, is that so little is given to the story of Eowyn and Faramir. The dialogue through which they come to accept each other could very well be the most beautiful in the entire book. The few shots in the DVD that trace the development of their relationship are far from adequate, although that's a least a slight improvement from the film version.Another disappointment is Aragon's arrival at the Pelennor Fields, which is hopelessly lame compared with the original treatment in the book: amidst the despair of the Rohan and Gondor soldiers in witnessing the approaching black ships, Aragon's standard suddenly unfurls at the main mast: "There flowered a White Tree, and that was for Gondor; but seven stars were about it, and a high crown above it, the signs of Elendil that no lord had borne for years beyond count. And the stars flamed in the sunlight, for they were wrought of gems by Arwen daughter of Elrond; and the crown was bright in the morning, for it was wrought of mithril gold." The treatment of Gandalf's confrontation of the Witch King in the DVD departs from the book, in which the two are locked in a face off, then Rohan's horns are heard and the Witch King swings around and leaves. What in heaven's name is in Peter Jackson's mind when he had Gandalf's staff broken by the Witch King. But this did explain a mystery that has been bugging me for a year  why Gandalf had to snatch a spear from the guard when he saved Faramir from the pyre of Denethor.Enough on the DVD.I shall be remiss if I do not pay tribute to Peter Jackson for the wonderful film he and his dedicated crew have created.Most inspired is the lighting of the beacons to summon help from Rohan. In the book, this is observed by Pippin in the ride to Minas Tirith. To satisfy Pippin's curiosity, Gandalf explains the background to him in a somewhat factual manner. Jackson turns this into one of the most exciting moments in the film, with aesthetically superb shots of the 13 beacons (yes, I counted them) being lit up in succession, accompanied by beautifully rousing music score, culminating in Theoden's heroic utterance of "Rohan will answer". Watching this has to be among the most uplifting moments one can experience in a cinema.Most poignant is the Faramir's suicidal attempt to retake Osgilaith, under the orders of an unloving father. Starting from the soldiers of Gondor filing out of Minas Tirith in what looks almost like a funeral march to the letting loose of the swarm of arrows by the orcs in Osgilaith, every image of this scene is so hauntingly heartrending. It reminds me of John Woo's favourite scenes, although here, the music is Pipppin's actual singing rather than adapted background music, rendering the tragic mood even more devastating.Directly opposite in mood is Rohan's charge in the Battle of Pelennor Fields. Even if this mission is, in a way, equally suicidal, the spirit is sky high, radiating dauntless heroism and lust for battle. This scene also reminds me of the legendary battle scene in Spartacus (1960) which is universally recognised as the model in depiction of battle strategies. Rohan's charge in Pelennor Field, no the other hand, exemplifies heroism unsurpassed.Although ROTK is first and foremost the King's story, we should not forget, in the overall scheme of things, the ring bearers (no typo here because Frodo did acknowledge Sam as a fellow ring bearer in the end of the book). Elijah Wood and Sean Astin (particularly Astin) have played their roles to perfection. Towards the end of the quest, when Frodo's strength was almost fully spent, to hear Sam say "I cannot carry it (the ring) for you, Mr. Frodo, but I can carry you" and not be moved, one will have to be a hopelessly and irreversibly hardened cynic. The background music, incidentally, is "Into the west".It is certainly a good sign that the general audience worldwide has reacted favourably to the long aftermath following the destruction of the ring, indicated that their capacity to appreciate has not been impaired by the proliferation of Hollywood style slam-bang endings. Viggo Mortensen's line to the Hobbits "My friends, you bow to no one" is delivered with sincerity and conviction. The final scene at the Grey Havens is graceful, touching, stylish. However, there is one shot that I must mention: Galadriel's final enigmatic, alluring, half-smiling glance at Frodo before she disappears into the ship. Cate Blanchett is among the most versatile actresses around today and in LOTR, she is Galadriel incarnate.
good I am writing this review to shed a light on the amazing, masterful, Oscar worthy performance of Ross Lynch. As far as I've noticed, it is his first big screen performance, and he delivers. He is definitely worthy of an award for best actor. The way he portrays the character is so realistic, that I cannot imagine him being other than this in real life, in the sense that he embodies the character brilliantly. Regarding the movie, I like movies that leave you feeling a bit confused. Am I supposed to sympathize with him? Is that what the movie was about? There is no way to feel empathy for a person who committed those horrible crimes, but if the movie made you even consider it, makes it brilliant. Eventually, I realized that I was infatuated with Ross Lynch's acting so much, that I was actually liking him as an actor in that role, but not the person he was portraying.
good Relevant, powerful and astonishing. Shocking, criminal and true. These are the only words to describe this film as it has literally put the 'spotlight' on the systematic cover-up by the Catholic Church of mass molestation and sexual assault acts performed by the priests in the Boston archdiocese that were trusted in the communities they represented. These 'men of God' preyed on the weak and vulnerable for years and the most powerful religious sect in the world did nothing but sweep it under the proverbial carpet. 'Spotlight's' dramatic importance has immediately drawn the attention of film lovers who crave a riveting production that dives deep into a very real circumstance that has impacted every corner of the globe.Tom McCarthy could not have been at the helm of a better film and what he has been able to achieve in terms of wrestling the attentions of the audience is worthy of the highest praise. McCarthy, along with Josh Singer have written a gritty story that pulls no punches and it isn't afraid to get right into the heart of the required subject. For 'Spotlight' to have been received by the critics as well as it has it had to stride unapologetically into this unbelievable and sordid affair. It needed to expose the sensitive and controversial information that some people may find confronting but in the context of this outstanding production, absolutely essential. It destroyed lives and revealed the blatant arrogance of this pious organisation.The all star cast jumps right out at you even before the opening scenes are shot up onto the screen. Based on true events, 'Spotlight' pushes all the right buttons from the beginning. As the name implies, 'Spotlight' refers to the investigative journalism team who report for the Boston Globe newspaper. They are thorough, relentless and will stop at nothing to expose headline stories that affect the everyday lives of normal American's. When the new editor, Marty Baron (Liev Schreiber), drops a potentially explosive story in the lap of Spotlight chief, Walter Robinson (Michael Keaton), about allegations of sexual abuse involving the Catholic Church, Robinson and his loyal crew go about uncovering one of the greatest criminal cover-ups in human history. The deeper their investigation goes the more sadistic and shocking the outcome becomes. Fingers are pointed, people are accused and the list of clergy involved becomes larger and larger. The whole situation ceases to become a Boston problem and grows to a worldwide exposure. Rachel McAdams and Mark Ruffalo are part of the investigative team as young committed journalists Sacha Pfeiffer and Mike Rezendes respectively. McAdams performance is award worthy and Ruffalo is fully engaged in a role that matches his talents. Michael Keaton has found his niche in Hollywood as a sort after mentor showcasing another strong performance as the tenacious and hard hitting Robinson. The real 'cherry' in the cast is the presence of the magnificent Stanley Tucci as Mitchell Garabedian who represents the victims in the whole saga. Tucci adds the class that takes 'Spotlight' to another level with an engrossingly accomplished performance.This is the best journalistic drama since 1976's 'All the President's Men'. Tom McCarthy has centred his narrative within the confines of the Boston Globe's newsroom as it should have been. 'Spotlight' doesn't shy away from the true nature of newspaper drama and the audience benefits from such an authentic setting. Top shelf acting from some of the very best young talent sparks the fire that captivates the viewer. Throw in some true icons in Keaton and Tucci and 'Spotlight' has the perfect balance. This film will be classified as the very best in its category and has set a benchmark in terms of confronting realism. Sit back and enjoy.
good  Well, hi everybody. This is my first time on this side. I always read some reviews before watching the movie I picked. I'm a huge fan of horror and comedy. I'm totally a movie freak.What's the whole deal about this movie? I couldn't stop laughing. That humor salad was well served!These days its hard to have a good laugh on films, like Bad Moms. It is a comedy! Free the tense. If you didn't, at least a little smile on that supermarket scene you are cold! Katheryn hahn is the best!!!!🎂Overall, this is a very enjoyable flick. With very different touches of humor.
good  Personally, I don't think that this movie is as good as most people (and the IMDb-ranking) says that it is. Don't misunderstand me, I enjoyed the movie. But it wasn't as interesting as "The Kid" (one of Chaplins other movies), for example. I think this movie is a bit too long. It's a mute movie, after all. I'm really glad that I watched the newer version, where all the text boards were removed and replaced with a narrator. Fortunately, this made the movie a bit shorter. The movie consists of two almost separated plots who are tied together at the end of the movie. Both plots are somewhat interesting, but personally I liked the "wilderness/cabin/gold digger-plot" (the first part of the movie) much better. The ending is fortunately quite good in this movie.
good Another hit by the Aardman team and as usual it shines a light on British attitudes.The characterizations are good I didn't realise who was in the main role or played Lord Nooth until the credits came up.Some of the jokes went over the heads of the younger children in the cinema but the adults lapped it up.The football puns are brilliant, the comedy classic and the cartoon slapstick superb.Don't quote it for historical accuracy.Too short.
good  Never has nothing happening been such compelling viewing.No debate, no discussion, no contenders - DAS BOOT is THE submarine movie for the ages.In autumn 1941, World War II U-Boat 96, crewed by young rowdy Germans, puts to sea with its veteran captain, wildly Teutonic Jürgen Prochnow, his eyes the color of eagle and high cheekbones set on stun.The battle for control of the Atlantic is turning against the Germans, yet Hitler orders more and more U-boats with ever younger crews into battle against the British freighters and their destroyer escorts. This opening pitch and the antsiness of Jürgen's young hooligan crew seems to presage a roaring Hitlercoaster of war war war Amerikan style - but director/co-writer Wolfgang Petersen and writers Lothar G. Buchheim and Dean Riesner swerve to port with a counter intuitive yet singularly entertaining and tension-filled, character-driven non-action action movie. These young punks discover that being at war is much like the waiting room in any doctor's office.DAS BOOT is filled with periods of waiting in fear, waiting in boredom, waiting in terror, waiting in anxiety - and sudden action that rips throats and bends steel with its bare hands.DAS BOOT does something which most commercial war films are too gutless to do - humanizes Germans: they carry photos of their girls, they write home, there are heroes and cowards, there are hard men and those that crack under the strain; they catch crabs and rib each other about it; at one point, a sailor stops a celebration with the announcement of bad news on the radio - into the silence, he declares that back home, their team has lost! These men doubt much of the war propaganda they are fed. Even though German tacticians convey Churchill as a "paralyzed guzzler" the officers on U-96 respect the British fleet ("Those aren't amateurs up there"). Yet they do not fear the British simply because that is the default position of Germans in Westernized film, but because the British had better equipment. These Germans are not one-dimensional haters, not committed blindly to the Führer, not simple villain props as in countless Brit and U.S. movies. They are the heroes. And our hearts are with theirs in their throats every watery step of the way.Even in its shortest version, DAS BOOT is 2 hours, 29 minutes. The Director's Cut is 209 minutes, the uncut version is 293 minutes (4 hrs, 53 mins). It's the most fun you'll have growing a five o'clock shadow.DAS BOOT attains such a high level of drama, we forgive Wolfgang Petersen for the subpar exteriors, with those model subs and little dolls on the tower being foamed in slow motion to emulate a sizable u-boat.When most movies are ending - at the 1:33 mark - this movie sees its first action. Yet even the action is not what one expects: after U-96 fires torpedoes at a British convoy, they submerge and wait in silence, listening for the muffled far-off explosions and counting the British ships sinking by the groans of steel they hear through the depths. And they know they're in for repercussions - depth charges. The waiting begins anew - the interminable, unbearable waiting for death to claim you or not - as they "run silent," all lights out, submerging further, engines at minimum. The sound of sonar pings their only warning that something is closing on them from above. The Captain says into the silence, "Here it comes. The revenge." And all they can do is hang on through the bucking explosions and bolts bursting on pressurized pipes.After the terror subsides, Prochnow simply declares, "That's the end of that." Not heroes. Not cowards. Just doing their job.When U-96 surfaces to survey their kills, they are outraged to find that one of the flaming ships they torpedoed still has men onboard, jumping off, screaming, aflame. And the focus of the Captain's outrage will surprise you: "Why weren't they rescued after all these hours?" One of his officers begins to weep for the dying. It's a wondrous portrayal of war empathy, of humanity. It makes us question war yet again, and question the supposed intelligence of the species that can create the marvel of submarines and battleships only to use them in such unproductive, moronic fashion against each other.Imagine the frustration of knowing that on a submarine, humans are the least important cargo - literally stacks of torpedoes, spare parts, tools for repairs (it's like being in space - there is nowhere you can turn if you need a certain part), food, fuel, ballast, the mechanics of the sub itself, and at the very bottom of the list - as evidenced by the way sleeping bunks are haphazardly squeezed into crawlspaces - people.Director Petersen instructed the whole crew not to go out into the sun during filming, so they would retain that bloodless pallor. He effectively suffocates us in the ghastly, claustrophobic passageways and "living spaces" of a submarine; he sends his cameras barreling through crawlspaces full tilt, pursuing running men who trip and glide through hatches; we almost feel the cracking of our skulls on jutting iron overhangs; sea water thunders in every time the top hatch is opened, drenching the plastic-coated charts and everyone nearby; everything is wet and damp, dark and cold...DAS BOOT is a gritty study in patience, tactics, anxiety, tolerance, futility, and brings a whole new meaning to wetting the bed.
good Requiem is a UK based supernatural mystery thriller. Its "by the numbers" stuff with more than a few well worn tropes on offer. The result is a series that works but it remains predictable fair that's on the cusp of being cliched. What saves Requiem to a good degree is its a little "off beat". Putting aside the "Children of the Corn" all grown up look of the main character Matilda, there's some real depth and quirks to her character and the rest of the cast. This tends of successfully sideline the more obvious plot twists and turns, engaging the viewer with the characters on an emotional and personal level. I will add that this is a "slow burn" thriller so it wont satisfy the impatient. That said, as it stands, Requiem has enough human interest elements including strong characterisations and narrative, plus well structured storytelling, to qualify as a decent, if not exceptional, short series. Eight out of ten from me.
good I went into the early screening of this movie tonight with low expectations, having not heard much about the movie, nor seen any trailers. I was floored! The cast is great in their parts and the script is hilarious. If you like any of the Judd Apatow films (I don't think he was a part of this movie, but it is the same kind of humor) then you will like this one. Fans of Knocked Up will recognize Jay BarucheI who plays the awkward lead with weak self esteem, and he is as cute as ever. I also had a chance to meet the lovely Alice Eve, who attended the screening and she was very nice and very beautiful. I hope to see more of her in the future. While this wasn't Shakespeare, it was a great laugh and very fun to see with friends.
good  I was actually looking forward to watching this and was disappointed by the result. This was visually spectacular to watch but the storyline is so ridiculous that at times I found it nearly impossible to suspend belief. I hate lazy writers who aren't able to think of a decent plot to tell. Everything is so convenient for the story from all the villains to Batman's allies all happening to be at the same place to be teleported through time to Feudal Japan... I mean even Alfred happens to be there too? Robin, Red Robin, Nightwing, Red Hood are all there in tights to help Batman who were unable to save Japan without Batman coming to the rescue.Why not just make Batman Japanese or a European monk or something like that to tell this story rather than being lazy and use a complicated time travel plot? Batman is so vain or dumb, or both, that he shaves a tonsure in the shape of a bat on the top of his head. He might as well be advertising that he is Batman.I'm so sick and tired of the use of prophecy to explain the reason why the hero happens to appear at a certain place. I mean who are the prophets of these things? Are they just a bunch of people who sit around a fireplace and say: hey I just had this dream about a guy in a Bat costume who is going to save Japan. Awesome! Let's write it down and wait for it to happen.Wait! Hang on! Now that I think about it. This plot does sounds so familiar!Can anyone say Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles? You know the one I'm talking about.... Where April and the Turtles are sent to Feudal Japan and there is the whole prophecy thing.... Hey its almost sounds like the same plot but this one is obviously more original because it is about a turtle... errr I mean a about a mutant Bat-no no- I mean a guy in a Bat suit.All of the characters use exaggerated and over-the-top emotional responses in scenes that just made me cringe. I felt that I was watching a Dragonball episode mixed with the Power Rangers. Everybody is set up to be so clever and cunning but in the most ridiculous way possible.Batman is so gullible to the point of stupidity that he allows himself to be deceived by almost everyone at almost every turn. Batman eventually returns to his time but what about all the technology left behind and what about the changes made to the timeline? No explanation is apparently needed because the giant robots have been defeated and dismantled. The archaeologists will never find it and all the technology left behind will be forgotten or just ignored. The only reason that Batman wins is due to sheer luck, because it was "prophesied" and to Lady Fortuna!
good The first movie had a great premise, but crapped the bed at the end where it really went nowhere and the main character turns into a sympathetic alien...end credits...wtf did I just watch. Fortunately in Beyond Skyline they explain this. Yes, the overuse of CGI and the end are a bit cheesy, but it seems like the writer turned director really put his heart into this movie. This was clearly his idea, his baby, and he wanted to tell the world. Frank Grillo is awesome as always, playing the brooding yet sympathetic badass cop and Iko Uwais from The Raid plays a thug from the underground in Laos. The movie starts out as a horror thriller, with the city of LA, almost completely wiped out. Frank Grillo, his son, and a few others get sucked up into the ship and they have to find each other and then their way out. At this point they really delve into the lore and I found it awesome despite it all being CGI. About halfway through the ship crashes in Laos and they escape. At this point the movie starts to drag a little bit, but the characters aren't bad and we are quickly thrust back into the action.I won't completely spoil it, but the final battle was pretty damn cheesy, but they ended the movie with a lead in for a sequel and I will definitely see it! Also keep watching afterwards for bloopers. They were hilarious!Beyond Skyline is above average for your straight-to-video movie and I suggest you check it out!
good  Terminator is an extremely low budget movie. In fact, just about everything used in it didn't cost much at all, but it is a very effective movie. Back in the '70's and 80's, movies could be very low budget, but still be great(think of John Carpenter's Halloween).The Terminator is a story about how nuclear war causes the end to mankind and the end result could be the start of an even greater tragedy than the war its self. The entire message of The Terminator is an anti nuclear war message.Many people think that a few parts in the beginning of the movie are just some random things thrown in. I can understand why, but these seemingly random scenes actually do have a lot to do with the story.Arnold does a great job as the cyborg who is programmed to kill without mercy or remorse. For those who don't know, this is the movie where the line "I'll be back" was spoken. The other actors do a good job in this. Linda Hamilton made a great choice doing this movie and she really improved her career through it(the movie she made before this was the horrible Children Of The Corn).This is better than Terminator 2(which is still great by the way), because this movie has more of a story and is more involved. I would recommend watching this movie at any time, it is very well paced and never gets boring, and if you have the time, watch T2 right after this.
good This movie has good cinematography and is very funny. It almost has an 80s feel to it with some ridiculous scenes. Overall though it was fun and funny. It may not be laugh out loud funny, but it is entertaining. Some of the scenes are over the top at scenes and over dramatic, but it does it in a humorous way making fun of movies.
good  This film is completely worth seeing. A friend of mine recently said it was as if a deer made a movie about human interaction, unable to comprehend what it is to be a human being. It is hilarious.It is also funny how many people actually see this as a real movie, and take the acting, story, and dialogue seriously. It's a sad testament to the state of intelligence of some, but that doesn't detract from the movies awful redemption.There was no way this was made as a 'black comedy' on purpose. The ineptness present in ALL aspects of the film could only come about through an attempt to put Tommy's own high-school angsty experiences (probably) on tape. When the reviews trashed the movie, he pulled a Paul Ruebens "I meant to do that". The denial of the films obvious serious beginnings add even more hilarity. Tommy, we are laughing at you, not with you. Thank you for that.
good "Unlocked" offers a Byzantine plot filled with unexpected twists, a talented cast and decent production values. Many of the plot devices are familiar tropes, but some seem fresh, including a sequence involving a motorcycle and an early reversal of fortune. The story is engaging, but never quite edge-of-your-seat enthralling. At the end, it seems a worthwhile experience, but devoid of anything really fresh. Spy films don't mix well with politically liberal ideals. The typical spy film entails extrajudicial executions, capital punishment, enhanced interrogation, kidnappings, violation of treaties, immigrants engaged in spy cells, profiling and all manner of activities that outrage liberals. This film seems to attempt to defer or pander to liberal sensitivities, while pursuing a plot that requires a right-wing mindset. The results often seem a bit awkward. Muslim immigrants have an elaborate network of sleeper cells, but some of the Muslims are good people who object to their religion of peace being subverted by extremists. Most immigrants are hard-working, but need help acclimating to local customs. Women are just as capable, or more so, as intelligence officers. They are dedicated, less likely to betray their country and capable of going head-to-head in unarmed combat against two opponents who each outweigh them by half. The real villains aren't the peace- loving Muslms, but the hard line extremists in our own governments who manipulate our enemies for political gain. At several points in the film, it feels as if the filmmakers are pausing the action to present homework assignments from a community college course in civics. The script is not entirely satisfying dramatically. In addition to distracting political subtext, too many characters know too much about future events. The protagonist doesn't seem to need to work very hard to uncover things. There are a lot of coincidences. The protagonist more often seems to be knocked about by events, rather than driving them. There are too many remorseless murderers willing to employ weapons of mass destruction for a price. At least three significant characters may have died, but we're not entirely certain. Overall, it's an engaging movie that might have been better if it invested less effort in trying to be politically correct.
good  I have no idea why I'm writing this review. There are already 125 other reviews here, and that odds that anybody's even going *see* mine are slimmer than an already-slim person on a severe diet.What's more, I don't have anything new to add. I just finished watching the movie for the first time, and I thought it was just magnificent. Wonderful cast, wonderful performances, and a completely engrossing and surprising plot. And even some charming humor on the side to keep things from getting too grim. I was able to foresee some of the ending but definitely not all of it.So anyway, the main point I would want to make is just this: If you have NOT seen this movie, do NOT read any reviews with spoilers! Just see the movie!
good  I was surprised and impressed to find out this movie was released in 1940, before the United States entered World War II. On the surface, satirizing something as solemn and horrible as Nazi Germany could be misconstrued as rash. But Chaplin's brilliance isn't limited to making a joke out of everything. In fact, the seriousness of his message wouldn't have been nearly as valid if not for the excellent use of humor in this movie along with the moments of stark drama blended in. Drama alone wouldn't have had the bite and resonance that this film did. Laughing at someone (Adenoid Hynkel) can be the best way to attack them, while laughing with someone (the Jewish Barber) can be the best way to love them. In the Jewish Barber's final speech, I forgot for a moment that the war he was talking about happened more than half a century ago. They are words that have meaning now, and in any time of war. For this reason I believe the film did far greater good than harm, as it still has the same profound effect today.
good Amazing movie....watched it for the first time three or four years ago. Seen it plenty of times since......this, along with "One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest", is one of my favorite films of all-time. Luke is a truly memorable character; funny, tragic, inspirational.....a lot like Randle Patrick McMurphy. Paul Newman once again proved the Academy to be full of idiots, giving a great performance deserving of an Oscar. How he only won once, when Sally Field is the owner of two statuettes, is inexplicable. His run of classic films and touchstone characters from the 60s-70s (Luke, Fast Eddie, Butch, etc) is unparalleled. George Kennedy was good, too......I mightn't be good at critiquing, but I know what I like. And I like this.
good A brilliant, searingly emotional examination of relationships and life.A man stumbles out of the desert in southern Texas. He appears to be mute, and doesn't respond to questions. The hospital he ends up in calls his brother in California, who comes to take him back to LA. His brother hasn't seen him in four years. What caused him to be catatonic and wandering around in the desert?Directed by Wim Wenders, Paris, Texas is an incredibly emotional journey, with a great deal of mystery attached too. Wenders drip- feeds information, slowly building a picture of the characters and their stories. The dialogue is rich with symbolism and allegories, giving hints to characters' situations...and lessons in life.The air of mystery and emotion is heightened by hauntingly desolate yet beautiful scenery and cinematography and a superb soundtrack by Ry Cooder.The conclusion is incredibly moving - one of the most emotional passages in any movie I've ever seen, and is a great insight into the pressures on modern relationships.Might feel slow sometimes but it is never dull, especially if you like character-driven dramas, and the ending is well worth the wait.
good  Crime boss Joe Cabot brings together a group of criminals to perform a big one-off job.  To protect each other, they all use colour coded names. However on the day of the job, the police ambush the gang and each makes their own getaway.  As the gang comes together at their warehouse meeting point they realise that someone within the gang must have tipped the police or be an undercover.  The accusations and suspicions escalate into violence in the confines of the warehouse.When this film came out in the UK it caused an absolute firestorm of controversy over it's violence, even to the point that it was banned in the UK for a while.  I still find this absurd and am very glad we have moved to a more tolerant society where generally the BBFC protect vulnerable groups but let adults decide for themselves.  Looking at the media's adoring welcome for the ultra violent Kill Bill one can't help but marvel at how things have changed.  Looking at Reservoir Dogs now (or even then!) it simply isn't THAT violent.  However what it is is very sudden and all the more powerful for it.Tarantino directs the film and writes the film in such a way that it was impossible to ignore him even if the film was only a cult hit.  The dialogue is both witty at points but, more importantly, very tough and loaded with testosterone.  It is the writing that makes us like these coffee shop jokers at the start before shocking us by suddenly throwing us into a backseat bloodbath.  The entire job happens off camera, and only occasionally do we actually see the immediate effect of violence - usually we get the aftermath.  It is incredibly tight and very tense throughout, I was about 16 when my father took me to see this film - it has stayed with me since and I still considered it to be one of the best `job gone wrong' films of my generation.  It may not be original (there's a thin line between a homage and a rip off) but it is certainly effectively done.The cast are excellent and turn the hardboiled dialogue into convincing scenes.  Keitel is wonderful.  His character is a father figure of sorts and he is wildly out of control at times and balanced at others.  Likewise Buscemi is wide-eyed and freaking out for much of the film, but he does it well.  Roth is more balanced but is still good for it; it is his job to carry the emotional weight of the film and he does it well, despite a wandering American accent at times.  Madsen is great, maybe not the best character but wildly out of control.  Tierney was a great piece of casting, as was Bunker.  Penn is good but not the best of the cast.Tarantino mercifully has little acting to do, but it is his film as writer and director.  The flashbacks during the film was a brave way to do it but it really works well - mixing stories with flashbacks and so on.  No matter what the time of the scene, it all keeps moving tensely towards the climax. It may be a homage and not as original as some films but so what - it is tight and tense, macho, violent, funny and very enjoyable.
good I find it sad that so many people are so narrow-minded that they will not watch a movie that is black and white or, in this case, is subtitled. I feel sorry for people who refuse to watch a movie like Life Is Beautiful just because it is a foreign film. They have no idea what a beautifully acted and directed film this is, and they'll never know what an amazing experience they are missing. Life Is Beautiful manages to walk the extremely thin line between humor, fantasy, and tragedy. Sure, the film is clearly comedic, but nevertheless it manages to very effectively communicate the tremendous losses suffered in the Nazi concentration camps and has scenes at least as intense as any scene in Schindler's List. This is one of the best films that I have ever seen. It manages to be so encompassing that you hardly notice the subtitles are even there. I proudly cast my vote of 10.
good I'm 19, going on 20 in six days. I don't need to tell you that "Toy Story" is a movie tailor-made for the kiddies, but there's a special reservation for adults too. I should know, as should anyone who views it with an open mind. We've all had our favorite toys. For guys, like me, there's a 90% chance you played with either Transformers or G.I. Joe or Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles or all three when you were six, seven, eight, or nine years-old. For me, it was Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Godzilla action figures. I'd always imagine living out wild fantasy adventures in my room or basement; ah, the joy of being a kid again. But that's part of "Toy Story's" fun appeal. It gives you a chance to relive your childhood again. Today I saw for the first time in about eight years and it's still just as fresh and inventive as Pixar, probably the best film studio in computer animation, conceived it back in 1995. In the room of young Andy, the toys are alive - when he's not present of course, and cowboy Woody (voiced by Tom Hanks) is the boy's favorite item. But all that changes on Andy's birthday and a new toy given to him on that day captures the boy's heart - Buzz Lightyear (voiced by Tim Allen). Of course, any replacement of this sort inspires jealousy, and pretty soon Buzz is the new "it" item of the bedroom. Andy's given into everything Buzz Lightyear, even new bedsheets - bedsheets! - leaving poor Woody on the short end of the stick. But the thing is, Buzz has trouble believing he's just a simple toy and nothing more, as he thinks he's actually BUZZ LIGHTYEAR! It also seems this couldn't have come at a worse time for the toys, as Andy and his mother are moving away, which is causing all sorts of chaos as Woody tries to get everything organized so nobody is left behind, and that's exactly what happens with rivals Woody and Buzz, who are misplaced and must find their beloved Andy before they move. Not only that, they must also battle Sid, the serial killer in-training kid that lives next door and tortures toys. As directed by John Lasseter and his army of screenwriters including himself, Andrew Stanton (who would co-direct Pixar's future hit "Finding Nemo" in 2003) and Joel Cohen, "Toy Story" is true imaginative fantasy realized in superb animation. It more than brings the kid in you to the surface, it makes you want to be a kid again, as many toys have cameos including Army Men (including the Sergeant who's voiced by R. Lee Ermey) and Mr. Potato Head (voiced by Don Rickles). I love "Toy Story," and I think anyone who views it thoughtfully will love it too.10/10
good So, this obviously isn't the best movie out there, but it's defiantly not that bad. Some of these reviews are ripping this film apart, but for it only being filmed in 15 days on a low budget, it is what it is. The action is pretty entertaining, the acting is believable, the editing is sub-part, unfortunately the script is the weakest part. It's a little simple, cheesy and overdone. I would watch if you are bored, want something simple, and are a sophia bush/bruce willis fan.
good  Obviously, I'm aware of the fact that the Lord of the Rings trilogy is actually one giant movie, but since it was released in parts, that's how I'm judging them. The Return Of The King is the final chapter, and since it is the climax and resolution of the epic journey, it has a little more intensity and urgency than the previous installments.At this point everyone has come to know and love all of the characters, and the stakes have become tremendously high. Kingdoms are at their knees, and the only two characters who can save the day are getting weaker and weaker. The tension was very high in this episode and I can honestly say that out of all 3 this was the only one that had me on the edge of my seat. There were many memorable scenes (one of my favourites including the part with the giant spider)that made this the classic that it is sure to stay for decades to come.This is the longest of the series, mostly because of the ending that seems to last a while. This was a good ending, and I can see why Frodo did what he did. He, and us the audience, have gone through an incredible ordeal and I think we needed that 20 minute linger. When the battle is over, and the celebrations have ended, there is a sad emptiness felt. The films spanned over 3 years, there have been the extended cuts of course, but after that, it's all over. Peter Jackson gave us an ending that was both appropriate and admirable.These were some amazing movies and this one in particular is the best, in my opinion. As whole, the Lord Of The Rings is a phenomenon. An absolute phenomenon. Much more than just movies. They have a universal appeal and have touched the hearts and imaginations of millions. I'm one of them.Sorry if I'm being all fanboyish and kissing this movie's ass, but I really admire it. It may not be among my personal favourites but generally this seems to be the movie event of the century. There will never be another Lord of the Rings film, and that's a bit depressing.My rating: 10/10
good 'Pitch Perfect' was a bit of a sleeper hit. I hadn't even heard of it when two people I knew told me it was their new favourite film in quick succession. It didn't sound like my kind of a movie but I thought I'd give it a go nevertheless. To my surprise I found myself really enjoying it and so was quite pleased to see they were making a sequel. Sequels are notorious for losing the magic of the original, particularly comedies which seem on a hiding to nothing most of the time. However, I found myself enjoying this one just as much as I had the original. Nearly the full cast had returned (always a good sign) and there were a few adjustments to the amount of lines particular characters were getting, determined by how popular they were in the first. The character 'Fat Amy' who was a real fan-favourite in the original had a very noticeable increase in lines. Elizabeth Banks took over the directing role for this one, in her first full feature film at the helm. I think she did a pretty good job for the most part. One thing I'd suggest she got wrong though was the final performance by the 'Bellas'. It simply wasn't good enough to justify winning the World Championship. In fact one of the few other performances we actually see in full by 'Das Sound Machine' was noticeably better. We were supposed to be swayed by the crowd simply cheering louder for the 'Bellas' but that wasn't fooling any intelligent audience member.This was one of the only real flaws though. Most of the jokes landed very well, the singing performances were very entertaining and the choice of songs throughout was spot-on and really got the audience into a jovial mood. There's also a charm about these movies that can be rare to come across these days. I really like this series and eagerly look forward to the third installment.
good Excellent fun with sadistic humor from Leone.  Eastwood's best performance in a Leone film.  Van Cleef is good in a role similar to Chuck Bronson's in "Once Upon a Time in the West".  He is menacing and sympathetic, whereas in "The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly" he is just campy and all "bad guy" (but still fun).  What makes both performances so memorable I think is that Van Cleef seems to be in touch with Leone's dark humor, where Eastwood is used as a straight man.  Volonte is also excellent in the bandito role Leone used (an example of a standard European character type who reminds the audience of earthiness and the basic ignorance and greed of man).  A much better film than most people who've seen it on a Saturday afternoon on TV probably realize -- you have to see these movies in the theater to get the full hit.
good  Wow, I joined this site to write a review on this amazing film. I walked into the video store this evening and grabbed it at random because of the dog on the cover and Richard Gere. I just had a feeling.What can I say, no other film has touched me as much as this and I don't think one ever will. Its off the scale. Its starts off slow but it quickly turns into such an endearing film, it makes you think about things you take for granted and a dog does this better than any actor.I'm a grown man, never cry, this film had me fighting back tears because I didn't want people to see me, I went to the bathroom and balled my eyes out after it. I even joined this site to encourage more people to watch it.If you have to see one film in your life time, see this.It breaks all barriers. I was going to make a backup of it, but I want to reward the amazing people who made this film by buying it.I don't think I can ever sit through this film again, but I want it on my shelf as a wonderful reminder.Honestly, this is a film that I will never forget and one I will encourage people to watch at any given opportunity.This film will make any human being cry.
good This is a true masterpiece of crazy-comic children films because, well for one thing, this is no disappointment to those who enjoyed the original Little Rascals series. A highly cute, funny, adorable film to anyone. True, the idea of a "He-Man woman haters club" is offensive to all you feminists out there, but remember the story of the film took place when these kind of things commonly happen. So what I have to say is this is an excellent-quality film for any little rascals, & besides the rascals in the film are kinda like "Rugrats" but they're in the proper age group of kingergarten, so if you love seeing cute kid hijinx by all means, see this film.
good The first time I saw this was on CBS at 11:30 on a Friday night. I had seen a few Monty Python shows on PBS, so I knew who they were, and I was very interested in seeing this.This film shows you just what all around comedy is all about.It starts during the opening credits and ends in a way you don't see coming. The songs are....memorable. The drawings/animation are imaginative for its time and the Monty Python troupe was at its shining best playing a host of characters from the days of King Arthur. If you don't laugh at this today, you have no funny bone! Many other reviewers here hit this film on the nose, there isn't much more to add to how brilliant this piece of work it.This is one of my all time favorites and is one of the top 10 films of all time.
good  I'm a big fan of Hayao Miyazaki's work and was rather disappointed that this movie did not have the Japanese language/English subtitles option. But, I've finally seen it and must admit that it is incredibly cute. One does NOT have to be a child to enjoy this movie or any of Miyazaki's movies. The story line was good and and the characters were really touching. The totoros were so adorable that I want a plushie of one. I also loved the artwork. I finally know what some of the scenes are from in the AMVs that I've seen. I would definitely recommend this to families as well as to those who are Miyazaki fans. A definite thumbs up. Though I do wonder where Miyazaki gets some of the ideas for his characters such as that cat bus.
good  Strong performances by Edward Norton & Edward Furlong really make this  film for me. The direction by Tony Kaye with his mixture of black &  white history contrasting with colourful reality is magic to absorb and  shows this film up to be what it is  a true American Classic,  ironically by a British director.  The film itself is about two brothers, Derek the elder and Danny the  younger adoring sibling. Derek has been in jail for three years after  killing a black youth who tried to rob the family; the nature &  brutality of the crime still shocks me to this day.   AHX tracks Derek's history through the first formation of racist  sentiment laid down by the father. These feeling of hate are  embedded when later his father is killed in the line of duty. Derek  becomes involved in the local Nazi movement, his intellect turned by  youthful rage into hate crimes and the rational that comes with Neo  Nazi propaganda.   The Nazi-tattoo sporting, egotistical, philosophical younger Derek is a  steam train waiting to crash, his propulsion to stardom is eventually  embodied when he takes the life of the young thief, the scene is very  apt as he calmly lies down and knows he will be a hero to his friends.  Without wanting to spoil the film Derek encounters change in the  prison, he meets a black man whom he works with and faces his own  demons inside, I will leave it there for those who want to be moved by  his transformation. Anyway, he comes out a new man and only wants to be  that new person, which means leaving the old crowd, leaving the  Anti-Jewish sepal he's been living with so long. The problem lies with  his brother who has become a little Derek, getting drunk and being  influenced like he was. Derek's cross to bear is that he can't change  his life without his brother coming with him and being on the right  side of humanity.  I think that this film is less about race and more about our ability to  change as individuals, the fact that we can become what and who we want  is a gift. Derek becomes the man he always wanted to be, he only wants  the same for his brother.   Kaye's use of black & white creates an atmospheric drama that builds  tension and has you feeling like a stung out piece of drum leather by  mid movie. I love the way that Kaye subtly uses quotes and  intellectualises the Nazi Stance, only to watch it being broken down by  the same man (Derek / Norton).  Norton is a joy to watch as is Gould and Furlong.   To sum up American History X is a powerful intelligent drama, which  provides plenty of discussion after the movie. This film should be on  every high school curriculum
good  This is a movie that has a crying guarantee on almost anyone who would watch it. It portrays a family in turkey in the early 70's mainly concentrating on the relationship between the dad and the son.It is by far the best Turkish movie i watched, and i really did not like most of them. This one is definitely in my top 10 best movies ever made.The drama and comedy genre is so perfectly mixed that many times one will get the feeling of laughing and crying all at once.If you have not watched this movie yet, get it. No matter what you will like it. Actors do a very good job and the director's is one which is not even one to mention, just EXCELLENT.This movie will relate to everyone and will give you an emotional vibe.Enjoy
good Extremely predictable movie. Literally knew what would happen in the first 15 minutes. But thought that was so obvious I'm sure it's something else. But alas no, this movie is by the book. And all the supernatural elements added absolutely nothing to the story except the running time. Every single supernatural element could have been cut from the film and the story would be unaffected. That's just bad writing in my opinion.Mia is so one note. Very boring actress to watch, but I guess Guillermo was going for the Alice character again because really it's a copy paste job here too. One minute the character is portrayed as a feminist and a thinking woman, and the next moment she's a total idiot. 'I pretend to be an independent woman because no one asked me to the ball'. Really? Chastaine is always good. Although she's showing up everywhere these days, she owns her roles so well it's not a problem. She was fun to watch, given what she had to work with.I just feel this film wasted Del Toro's talents. The movie is long, and only a few small times does it feel like it's dragging. Even realizing the weaknesses in the plot, the viewer is not in pain for putting up with it. That is credit to del Toro, who has always been a visual master. And here too he keeps us visually entertained.But that is not enough. This movie is a 6 at best. Just above average. Nothing more.
good I went into this fearing the worst and I was rather quite surprised. I thought all the so called 'boring' parts were needed both for characterisation and plot development. The way all this is shot keeps it from slowing down to much and before you know it the Hulk is out. Very impressive visually, only spoiled by a lousy ending.8/10.
good  This is a powerful yet charming movie; fun for its special effects and profound in how it keeps you thinking long after it's over. Like others, I've seen this movie more than once. One comment I've never heard is that Forrest's simplicity is almost zen-like. I should read the novel to get the author's intention (I remember some people preferring the book and complaining that no one at the Academy Awards gave him any credit.) But rather than an implication that you should do what you're supposed to do and believe in God and you'll win in the end, I see it as zen-like, i.e., living in the moment and not having expectations or particular cravings (other than his loving Jenny.) So he ends up just stumbling into all the major historical events of the time. Granted, he achieves this only because he doesn't have the brains to think otherwise and actually have expectations, but so many of our problems are because we do have higher intellect and desires, which ironically makes us unhappy because we know what we are missing. We love our cats and dogs for the same simplicity and always being in the moment. There's a line in the movie wondering if everything is predestined or happens randomly or it's a combination of both. It is something to mull over for a long time.
good For many years I have worked tirelessly to promote the aims of the Popular Front of Judea, and quite frankly I'm disgusted at its treatment of us. To depict us as a lonely old man is one of the most grotesque distortions ever commited to celluloid. We are at least three times that number, and furthermore we don't have a single repressed transexual among us. An absolute disgrace. I shall never watch this film again, unless I rent it out on video or see it on the TV in the near future. Vive la PFJ.
good The first time I watched Life of Brian I hardly laughed at all. Why? Certainly not because it wasn't funny. The problem was that the most absurd and hilarious moments in the movie are actually painfully real, only exaggerated a little bit. If the messenger hadn't been so funny the message would have really depressed me. Which is why it's such a great movie, I suppose. It's hilarious, and at the same time it's actually about something that matters, and is really depressing at that.Personally I don't think it's blasphemous in any way. It conveys its message in a way that's probably offensive to some people, but it doesn't mock God or Jesus, it doesn't even lash out against religion as a whole. It merely points out the absurdity of people who are too lazy or too stupid to think for themselves, and desperately cling to anybody willing to lead them. Or even unwilling to lead them. You can almost feel the anger and frustration of the writers in some scenes, as if they want to scream "God/Evolution/Whatever you believe in gave you a mind to think with on your own. USE IT!" to the viewer.All in all, I'd say this is the best of the Python movies and in general one of the greatest movies of all time.
good I was expecting far worse, I loved the film; it takes me back to the old days when slasher movies was slashers, nice classical feel. Super done with a Million dollar budget in mind. I hope to see a sequel, this movie is well worth a follow up, and we need to see what he does to that Undertaker ;-)
good  Cole (Haley Joel Osment) is a young boy troubled by an affliction, he can see the dead all around him, for much of the time and he is labelled a freak by everyone except his mother. Haley Joel Osment puts in such a fine performance in this role, it is hard to believe he is a child.Malcolm Crowe (Bruce Willis) is a highly acclaimed child psychologist, who's relationship with his wife is in trouble and his ability in his profession is diminished as a result. A different role for Willis, but he proves he doesn't have to be all action all of the time, with his remarkable performance.Crowe becomes Cole's therapist, and is faced with personal demons from a previous patient of his, a very similar patient to Cole, and Crowe has to figure out how to help him, however horrific the truth is.M. Night Shyamalan both wrote and directed this movie, and he helps provide an Ora that is extremely tense and spine chilling throughout.All in all the movie was very good in every way and would have scored 7 or 8 as a supernatural thriller, but then came the ending, well it's more of a revelation. It is simply wonderful, and you will want to see the film again, to find out exactly how they hid it from you, and the fact is they hid it well and didn't cheat in the slightest.10/10
good  Finally I've gotten my hands on a copy of Majid Majidi's Children of Heaven (not illegally of course, but from the library's collection), and have set aside some time to viewing this much talked about masterpiece. And I couldn't agree more that the film is of great quality. I've often selected titles for my pop to view since he's retired, and have gotten a call from him during a working day that I MUST watch this film. Of course I had to clarify that Jack Neo's Homerun is an adaptation of it, given that he found some similarities in plot, but I must say, any movie is worth its salt if it can move my pops.There are so many things I like about Children of Heaven, and basically, the children Ali (Amir Farrokh Hashemian) and Zahra (Bahare Seddiqi) who play the siblings, will definitely tug at your heartstrings with their innocence. The story goes that Ali happened to lose his sister's shoes during an errand run, and coming from a poor family, that spells disaster. Not wanting to be punished for it, given that both understand the predicament they're in, and not wanting to trouble their parents with yet another expenditure, they devise an ingenious, somewhat mad hat plan, to share their shoes - Zahra goes to school in Ali's, before running back to exchange them so that Ali could attend his classes. And this leads to many comical moments and accidental scenes that will surely make you go "awww", culminating in an exhilarating foot race which will put you on the edge of your seat.But the skill here that Majid Majidi possess, is not to sledgehammer these emotions down your throat. Children of Heaven doesn't need to, but has in itself this magic that comes forth through its simple yet meaningful story, and through the strength of both children's acting. I was pretty amazed that both Amir and Bahare have this very charming and natural charisma in fleshing out their characters, their banter being excellent, and at times, without a need for words. Truly, they are the stars of this film, and their abilities will put some established big name actors to shame too. Majid Majidi has created characters that endear, but yet not out- of-reach fictional, as they are easily identifiable given that hey, these are the kind of sibling love, or blood being thicker than water, that almost everyone would have experience, or heard about.Being my first Majid Majidi movie, I'm definitely piqued to want to watch a whole lot more of his films. The movie has superb production values, and like any other foreign movie, opened my eyes to the cultural and physical landscapes of countries that I've yet to visit. What I liked about it also is its showcase of the family, how both Ali and Zahra show this strength in maturity with their helping around the house, and being sensible, well-liked kids. It justifies the number of awards that it has won in festivals everywhere, and if you haven't watch this, please do. It's definitely highly recommended stuff!
good Many people has got a film they think of as their favourite movie. My movie will always be John Carpenter's The Thing! The main reason why this movie is a cult-film is perhaps the splatter-effects created mainly by genius Rob Bottin and that this is the movie that made Kurt Russell what he is today (along with Escape from N.Y.) In my opinion, this is not a great film because of the effects, it has to do with the story, the atmosphere, and of course, the acting. I have watched thousands and thousands of movies (3-6 every day the last 10 years), but none has had the impact on me as this one, not even the great "Das Boot".Here's my suggestion to you who likes sci-fi and horror movies: Place yourself in the good chair of your home. Be sure you're not interupted by anyone. If you aint got a projector, sit close to your TV and watch this miracle of a film. Let it absorbe you, and you'll see it my way!Best View Time: Late February between 5 and 9 in the evening.
good  Brilliant! Brilliant! Brilliant! Cannot believe that such a movie could be made in Hindi cinema.Complete Kudos to the screenplay,director,actors and the whole team for producing such a brilliant movie.It would be a mistake according to me not to support such movies and label them as preachy or patriotic movies for mocking reasons. Reality is it is a sensible movie which talks to all walks of life.The balance between ideologies,reality and humor has been taken care off in the most spectacular manner; never making the audience feel small,blamed or negative.The characters are very real and they do make a lot of sense. The issues that have been touched are topics which we choose not to talk about or act on but at the same time it is no lecture and the light heartedness of the college environment makes you feel nostalgic and calm.The movie is all about hope. Once again awesome job to the rang DE bas anti team! Peace
good (Big Spoilers) Directed smoothly by Tate Taylor, mystery/suspense movie "The Girl on the Train" doesn't break any originality margins, but it nicely entertains. In the jig-saw puzzle style, Taylor has Emily Blunt, Haley Bennett, and Rebecca Ferguson in a trio of decent performances. The story could be a bit overlong, and somewhat far-fetched in some character reactions and scenes, but I enjoyed the old-school mystery. You have to swallow disbelief in the idea that Blunt's character juxtaposes her recollections of how she acts. Alcohol is a ready-made explanation for this, but anyway, if you're looking to poke holes in the story, you could. And sometimes movies don't deserve the benefit of the doubt, but I found it more fun to just watch this one. 7/10
good So OK a man is thrown in a society dominated bu women. It is supposed to be funny but it's simply dull. Would a society dominated by women be different ? Better ? Worse ? How would women act exactly ?These would have been interested questions. Instead women are acting exactly as (some of) their counterparts in this world.So well, OK, we all know (some) men are acting badly against women.OK it would not be more funny for men than it is for women.Did that needed a full lenght movie to explain ? No.
good  Over the years I've become quite a sucker for Pixar movies and just love each and every one of them. While there are the states of the art animation and sound effects, the stories have heart. The characters are adorable yet real. It reminds one of those charming movies Disney used to make but Pixar films are very much a unique cinematic experience. 'WALL-E' is quite unusual compared to the previous Pixar movies. There's hardly any dialogue between the two protagonists other than saying each other's name. In fact, barely a word is spoken in the entire first half hour but WALL-E and Eve's silent and playful love story is such a joy to watch. Even though of few words, both characters have strong personalities and the character development is wonderfully done. The animation is colourful and vivid. Sound effect is amazing. The robot characters are cute and charming. The score deserve special mention as it's mesmerizing and beautiful. Andrew Stanton has done a terrific job as director and co-writer. The portrayal of WALL-E's loneliness and need for love is very well done and then the change that is brought within after the entrance of Eve and his eventual determination to rescue her is effectively shown. There are many genuinely funny and creative moments and it manages to stay away from being 'just plain silly'. The story is rich with humour, action, drama and adventure. Ben Burtt and Elissa Knight do a fabulous job with the voice acting for WALL-E and Eve. John Ratzenberger, Kathy Najimy and Sigourney Weaver lend great support. While 'WALL-E' tells a magnificent love story it reminds us that Earth is our home and nothing can replace it. It's a joyous magical experience and another sure winner from Pixar.
good This is perhaps my film of the decade so far. The reasons are too numerous to go into in such a short critique. Surely there have not been too many films that can take you through the range of emotions that the Sixth Sense does. The prime emotion; fear, is a difficult emotion to generate in a modern audience that has seen it all before, but this film succeeds where others fail, praying on your imagination and generating suspense from subtle devices rather than blatant horror.It is such a relief that the performances of Willis and the excellent Osment live up to an excellently directed quality storyline. I will be disappointed if the youngster doesn't receive at least an academy nomination.I seldom go to the cinema twice to watch a film, in fact I cannot remember when I have done it before. Tonight I am taking an old friend to see this film as it will be a tragedy if he doesn't see it on the big screen. He has heard so much about it that he is reluctant to go, as I am when something is over-hyped. Just for a change though, here is a film that lives up to its billing and has you thinking about it for weeks to come. As for the twist at the end? Well it totally disorientated me, my mind spinning back throughout the whole film. A fantastic punchline to my film of the year.
good I have been a huge fan of Sandra Bullock's since before Speed. The past few years her movies, haven't fared too well and it's a shame as I didn't think her last few roles were that bad. Sure the movies could've been better but it wasn't her fault that Speed 2 flopped and I didn't think it was that bad.Anyway it was great to see Sandra back at her best and Miss Congeniality definitely didn't disappoint, but the only thing Sandra, you cannot play ugly, even at your character's worst you were beautiful.Benjamin Bratt gave a brilliant performance as Sandra's co-worker and of course potential lover that their chemistry was totally electrifying as well - a movie works so much better when you have that chemistry between actors.Michael Caine and Ernie Hudson were equally impressive in their roles and not to mention William Shatner and Candace Bergman - she's hasn't lost that comedic skill and the DVD addition of deleted scenes will sure bring more laughter as well.I'm not going to write the whole plot of the movie and give away certain elements as being a huge fan of movies, I don't watch trailors or read anything to do with a movie before I see it as I want to enjoy the ride and not know what to expect even though you do know the outcome in some movies.Sandra is definitely, well in my opinion the best actress today and it's great to see her in a role that showcases her talents as I honestly don't think this movie could have worked without her.
good ** PLOT SPOILERS EVERYWHERE ** Christopher Nolan's "The Dark Knight" is one of the better films in the history of its genre, however, it does not qualify as a masterpiece. In fact, it's quite far from such a distinction. It falls short of unquestionable excellence because of a ridiculously high number of plot holes, most of which regard The Joker and his criminal exploits.It is a given that Heath Ledger's portrayal of The Joker leaves us with a character who is thoughtful, unpredictable, ruthless, unrelenting, and arguably insane. That is to say, some inconsistencies in the villain should be accepted, if not embraced. But others, to be frank, are unacceptable because of their stupidity. For example: In the film's opening sequence, a clever bank heist spearheaded by The Joker, the crazed clown kills off his partners as the caper progresses. At the time, it made sense. Pretty simple, the more colleagues he kills off, the more money that leaves for him. But later on in the film, The Joker burns his half of the criminal underworld's combined fortune. He makes it overtly clear that he is not motivated by money. Not in the least bit.So why was the money a factor in the opening scene? It shouldn't have been. Uneven scripting there.But that's nitpicking in comparison to the film's greater faults. The ultimate reason why "The Dark Knight" falls short of the masterpiece label is because there is absolutely no way, under any circumstances, at any time, on any planet or in any solar system, that The Joker could execute so many complex plans in such a short period of time.OK, here is where people start saying: "But it's a movie! It doesn't have to be possible." I know, thanks. I agree, it doesn't have to be possible. But, and this is a huge BUT, a film as ambitious and lengthy as "The Dark Knight" wants to be taken seriously. Not only does it want to be taken seriously, I think director Christopher Nolan wants Oscar consideration for the work he has put in here, and cast members have been saying regularly that they don't want this to be considered as a mere "superhero movie," or "action movie." Well if you want to elevate to the level of serious drama, then you have to explain a few things to me.(1) How does The Joker continue to find willing participants in his escapades when all of his previous crew members end up dead or in jail? The guys he's finding to work for him have to be true idiots. Totally brainless. And that doesn't work because The Joker's plans are meticulous and require precise timing and execution. If these goons are dumb enough to work for him, they aren't smart enough to be effective as help. It's a perpetual contradiction throughout the film, particularly the second act.(2) Sure The Joker is swift and tricky, but c'mon, he doesn't exactly look like a normal citizen. If city-wide security has been heightened to a level never before seen, how the hell is this maniac with a painted face and wacky hair not being spotted? Does he have an invisible transportation machine or something? He doesn't have supernatural powers, so he shouldn't have a supernatural aura.(3) When did he have the time to wire the hospital with bombs? Even if one of his goons did it, how did no one in the hospital notice suspicious activity? What about the assassination attempt on the Mayor? The other cops on the firing line didn't notice the most infamous villain in the city standing right next to them? Why? Because he crouched over a little and tried not to make eye contact with them? Please. I could go on for days, too many plot liberties were taken.I'd actually like to discuss the performances a bit. I think the separation between the strongest part and the rest of the cast is the largest ever with an ensemble of this size and magnitude. Meaning, Heath Ledger's performance was far and away the best in this film, better to the point where it bothered me that no one else was in his realm. The scenes where Ledger was off screen lacked the magnetism and intrigue of the ones in which he appeared. Although appeared is probably not the best word, more like dominated. Christian Bale was OK as Batman, but he's almost too stoic for a character with such strong morals and opinions. He's also a little bit stiff when he's in playboy mode as Bruce Wayne. I think his performance in "The Prestige" was more emotional, effective, and polished.Aaron Eckhart was all right as Harvey Dent/Two-Face, but the problem was that the vast majority of the time I was seeing Eckhart on screen, not Dent. The same Eckhart we saw in "Thank You For Smoking." Also, a man with a finely tuned social philosophy, like Dent, would not totally flip his ideology after the loss of a close loved one. Hopefully the angle is that the toxin causing the disfigurement messed more with his brain than we were led on to believe.Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman were believable as always, but of course they are underused as Alfred and Lucius Fox. Gary Oldman probably contributed the second strongest performance in the film as Commissioner Gordon, and Maggie Gyllenhaal (as Rachel Dawes) was a step up from Katie Holmes as far as execution and timing -- but that's not saying much. I really could go on for days about the unacceptable plot liberties, but I'll spare you. All in all, I liked the film because it had some thought-provoking sequences involving moral dilemmas and intriguing societal questions, and in having such "The Dark Knight" succeeded in escaping the "superhero movie" label. But it's not a masterpiece.Plain and simply, it has too many holes.
good  This is the most visually moving film I've seen. Until Rublev, I didn't truly understand how stunning and engaging a film could be.  The vignettes of Russian life are very thought-provoking, the cinematography the best I've seen, and the result is a film that moves me every time I watch it. Approach it with an open mind, and be prepared for a slowly unfolding story. Do this, and you'll be deeply rewarded and satisfied in a way that few films will ever match.
good A convict from the year 2035 is assigned a mission in order to win parole. He is sent back in time by a group of scientists to try and discover the source of a fatal plague that wiped out most of the human race. A plague which did not kill animals. In his travels he discovers mysterious graffiti announcing the arrival of the Army of the Twelve Monkeys.Terry Gilliam has always been an interesting film director and visual stylist even when some of his movies are uneven. With 12 Monkeys he perhaps produces his most wholly satisfying work. It's a consistently compelling mystery within the framework of a time-travelling sci-fi narrative. It's a fairly complex story, so attention is demanded of the viewer. This is perhaps the chief strength of the film, however, as the labyrinthine narrative is one that benefits from multiple viewings. There are still some elements of ambiguity even at the end, so it's a film that actively encourages discussion.There's a good cast too. Bruce Willis was on a bit of a run in the mid 90's and this is one of the great films he appeared in at the height of his powers. On the other hand, it's one of the first films where Brad Pitt was allowed to display his acting chops and show that he was a lot more than just a pretty face. While in visual terms, it's as interesting as you would expect from a Gilliam movie; although not as phantasmagorical as some of his more personal fantasy features. In 12 Monkeys he was a director for hire but it's not immediately obvious. Perhaps the distance this gave him actually helped instill some discipline that made the whole more cohesive on the whole. Whatever the case, this is an excellent sci-fi film with a compelling central mystery.
good I have to admit it, I haven't read the book, but regardless of whether it was faithful or not, this rarely ruins a movie or TV adaptation for me. That said, I can understand the disappointment of those who loved the book. However, I really enjoyed this film, it is hardly the best movie I have ever seen, but I personally consider it one of the better movies of 2010 that I've seen so far, and that is saying a lot considering how disappointing some of the movies have been.Where the film is lacking is in the storytelling. There are those who say that it gets bogged down by too many mythological references, and I have to say I kind of agree. Percy Jackson and the Lightning Thief had a brilliant concept to work from and a fairly original one at that, and while the references were very interesting and cleverly incorporated, the writers could have simplified a little how much they included. Back to the storytelling, it does have a lot of exciting moments, such as the scene at the museum with the fury, in Medusa's lair, the fight with the hydra, in the underworld and the climax, but some parts in the middle half drag and feel clunky, and I personally could have done with less of the scene in the casino.Complaints aside, the film looks incredible, the special effects are excellent and the cinematography and scenery are clever and skillful. The music only adds to the excitement and the dialogue has some very nice moments with some humour from Grover and with Gabe when he is seen on television talking about Percy's disappearance and both Medusa and Persephone are deliciously seductive in looks and in dialogue. The film also moves briskly in general, and the direction is decent. Personally I liked the acting, Logan Lerman is surprisingly appealing as Percy, and Brandon T.Jackson is lots of fun as Grover. People have said Alexandra Daddario was too old as Annabeth, I wouldn't know, but she looks lovely and is very spirited in the role. Pierce Brosnan was surprisingly good as Mr Brunner/Chiron, though it was a bit of a shock seeing him with a horse's lower body, Rosario Dawson is fabulously sexy as Persephone and Sean Bean is okay as Zeus though he doesn't have much to do. The real joys however are with Uma Thurman, who gives a delicious turn as Medusa, and Steve Coogan who was a big surprise as Hades.Overall, I actually liked this film, it was fun to watch, while nothing absolutely outstanding or mind-blowing. 7.5/10 Bethany Cox
good This is a half-way decent sci-fi flick that, thankfully, takes itself seriously. It's most definitely not perfect but with all the other comments saying it was derivative of other films I was expecting something along the lines of the original Stargate which literally lifted scenes out of other films and redid them within its own story. If you like your sci-fi a little slow burn and takes itself seriously you might want to give this a try. I've seen some truly horrible plot-holed "sci-fi" more deserving of the one star reviews that others have posted for this film but this film deserves better.
good It is a cute and creative movie. And really the producers and writers have been in the way of making it that way.Boss Baby played by Alec Baldwin is a special and different kind of baby. Who talks and is smart. He is there sent to do something with a mission.Tim who is the 7-year old creative imaginative mind. And he is the love of his parents life until the Boss Baby comes.And the Boss Baby and Tim of course at first do not get along. But then after learning over on the Boss Baby's mission and why he was sent back to earth from where he worked for a company.Both put aside their differences and work to create the goal and plus send the Boss Baby back on his way to the company as he only has a limited amount of time or he will be a real baby.As Tim and the Boss Baby see the mission as the parents of the two boys, are also involved in the company that they work for and it is only a facade for the real setup. Meaning they must stop it in time as they feel that the pet store that the parents work for, is not all what it seems and there is a history between the villain and the Boss baby.Cute movie and very creative.
good As far as disposable sequels to kids films, Despicable Me 3 is pretty much on par with Cars 3 (2017). It's not a particularly memorable film nor can it really hold its own against something like The LEGO Batman Movie (2017) but at least it's not unpleasant. In-fact in may ways Despicable Me 3 is better than the original in that it improves its look-and-feel and provides a decent foil for once in the form of Trey Parker's Balthazar Bratt. Of course it's to the detriment of neutering the refreshing mean-spirited-ness of the original, but hey, at least you still got those Minions am I right? Despicable Me 3 catches Gru (Carell) and newly minted wife Lucy (Wiig) trying and failing to secure the world's largest diamond from the hands of Bratt our flamboyant 80's themed villain. Fired by the new head of the Anti-Villain League (Slate), Gru and Lucy discover he has a twin brother named Dru (also Carell) whom their parents separated at birth. With nothing on their plate, Gru, Lucy and the girls (Cosgrove, Gaier and Scharrel), travel to the Mediterranean coasts of Freedonia to meet Dru.When the family lands in Freedonia, the movie descends into a series of fun but thematically incongruous vignettes. Gru bonds with his brother over Dru's desire to become a villain, Lucy fails, succeeds and fails again to become a mother figure to the three girls, Agnes, the youngest of the three tries to capture a unicorn, Balthazar Bratt sees his plans for world domination come to near-fruition and the Minions...well let's just say they have their own thing going as well.About half of all this busy, busy, business works at least as far as furthering the plot. The fact that none of the film's insanity really coalesces into a compelling whole, only makes the film feel more like a mediocre sitcom episode than an actual movie. Yet as far as inspired moments of slapstick, Despicable Me 3 supplies a little bit more than is to be expected. One highlight involves Gru and Dru driving around the Freedonian countryside in a golden-plated mean machine while police follow while riding literal pigs. Parents will find these comedic bits more amusing than funny but the kids, the kids will be rolling up and down the aisles.And isn't that what this movie is ultimately about? To provide entertainment to children? While I don't necessarily condone families watching kid's films for their own sake (and this one in particular is all over the map as far as messaging), there's not really all that much to object about here. Despicable Me 3 is at its core a thoughtless but entertaining jumble of sights, sounds and goofiness. Thankfully unlike your racist aunt, Illumination Entertainment has not used the Minions for nefarious purposes...at least not yet.
good  I can't quite find the words to even come close to describing the pure brilliance of this movie. When this movie was made, the western genre was dominated by the big hollywood studios. The western was taken by these studios and transformed into an opportunity to portray classic superheroes like John Wayne and Burt Lancaster in their fight against all sorts of smalltime crooks and outlaws in smalltime stories and smalltime towns. It was a genuine effort to portray 'Americanism', the American Way, along with a romanticised view of the west as 'Frontier country' where good always triumphed over bad and where the life was hard but honest. It was the American Way.And then came this film. The title, 'Once Upon A Time In The West' must have seemed to mean nothing more than 'just another western' to the unexpecting viewers at the time. Oh boy were they wrong. With this movie, Sergio Leone singlehandedly redefined the western genre and no American western would ever match the brilliant spirit in which it was made. While the story is basically the same as in any other western, it is the WAY in which it is presented that so clearly distances this western from others. Whereas other westerns are simply stories that are designed to entertain, this movie is an emotional masterpiece that will move your heart. Sergio Leone takes the ordinary western and replaces words with looks, and conversations with feelings and emotions. With his brutal but honest portrayal of the sheer hardness of life and death in those times he thoroughly destroys the old romantic idea of the west as a 'generally-hunky-dory-kind-of-scene with the occasional bad guy and indian' and replaces it with an eerie, dark, hot and dry place where life is cheap and only the strongest will survive.I cannot adequately convey in words the way in which Sergio Leone deepens and defines the characters by pure means of visual persuasion. It starts with the three gunman in the beginning of the movie, waiting for some reason at a train station for someone or something that obviously is going to be on the next train. No explanation, no conversation; not a word is said. Even the stationmaster is ushered into captivity without a single audible threat. Then comes the waiting... Any other director would have skipped directly to the moment of arrival, but Sergio Leone takes minutes of boredom and translates it into a visual feast, deepening the characters that are portrayed and making them more human, more real to the viewer, while at the same time encompassing us with a deep dark sense of foreboding. This way in which the story is not just augmented but in times completely replaced by the sheer visual drama, is perfected by the absolute fantastic music, directed by Ennio Morricone. Who needs words and explanations when the combined forces of cinematic mastery and heart-tearing music are not just able to carry the story, but pick it up and push it up to such heights of excellence that it has no equal in it's genre?Another great feat that adds to the power of this movie is the minimalistic way of portrayal of the characters as real, emotional people. Not a single word is said that isn't required for the understanding of the story, yet the characters feel more true than those in movies where whole conversations are added merely to explain their motives. Instead of words, the camera focuses on the characters...so that you can simply read the emotion off their faces. Often no explanation is given other than than a mere facial expression. No superheroes or supercriminals, just real, desire-laden, traumatised, obsessed people that act upon motives inherently understood by the viewer.All in all this is without a single doubt in my mind the greatest western of all times, and even though Sergio Leone has made many more mindblowing, heart-shattering westerns like this one, like 'A Fistful of Dynamite', 'The Good The Bad and The Ugly', and 'For a Few Dollars More', none could equal 'Once Upon A Time In The West' in sheer magnitude of perfection. Western has never been the same since....I only wish I'd have been there in 1969 when the movie was new and see it, for the first time with fresh innocent eyes and an unexpecting mind..just like 2001: A Space Odyssey (also of 1969, a year of legends).A tip for those who have never seen this movie: Bribe, beg, borrow, or steal yourself into possession of a Videobeam and Hifi-audio equipment if you can't find a cinema that is showing this movie. Turn the audio up WAY HIGH (never mind the neighbors) and prepare never to be the same again.........I (obviously) gave this movie a 10 because no matter how hard I try I can't find anything less than perfect about it.
good This is my six-year-old daughter's favorite show ever. My son who is thirteen admits to really liking it too, so the three of us have a good time watching it together. Of all the shows of the Disney Channel, this is the best by far. It's smart, cheeky, and funny enough for parent who might be watching the show with their kids. It also gives its characters enough credit to allow them to be serious and to grow and change. This is a big step for Disney because so many of the characters in their TV programs are rather one-dimensional.The plot set-up of rich kids being cared-for by the nanny ( Jessie ) and the butler ( Burtrum ) rather than their rarely-there parents is old. There really aren't too many exciting things to be done with it. It works here because you like the characters and their relationships. The kids all need fleshed-out a bit, particularly the teenage daughter Emma. All the characters need to take a few risks, and I hope they do.
good "You just shot an unarmed man!" "Well, he should have armed himself..."Plenty of films have tried to examine the human side of violence. This is especially appropriate for westerns, where very often rows of men are gunned down without a thought. 'Unforgiven' does better than most, but where this differs from other films is that at the end this whole theme is flipped around as the outlaw William Munny (Clint Eastwood) pulls of a truly legendary piece of shooting. This scene though only emphasises a great sense of failure for the characters, which for me is the most prominent theme of the film. For most characters, their failures are obvious, but I won't give too many examples for fear of spoiling it. Look at the way the trio of Munny, Ned Logan (Morgan Freeman) and the Schofield Kid (Jaimz Woolvett) are slowly whittled down to just Munny, as the others realise that they just don't have what it takes to kill people anymore. Munny, although carrying out his task to the full, has equally failed in his attempt to reform himself as he proves to himself that he is not a pig farmer after all, but still the legendarily cold blooded killer from years ago. Westerns have had different ways of looking at violence. Leone looked at the build up. Peckinpah looked at the violence itself. Eastwood here looks at the moment after the violence and shows the heartbreaking consequences. Given this it is all the more shocking to see just how merciless and devastating Munny's furious assault on the saloon really is, with him shooting unarmed and wounded men just for the sake of completeness. There is a question of motivations though-before he was in it for the money, but when a personal element is added to the mix the results are volcanic. But this is no blaze of glory for Munny, but something that has to be done, and although treated in a callous way there is a sense that this will have consequences as far reaching as before. Munny has failed in his attempt to reform himself, and the purpose of his life is defeated. There is a suggestion that Munny is damned-there is a moment in the carnage where Munny stops for a drink. The scene is shot so that Eastwood appears to have no reflection the large mirror placed above the bar.  More obvious is the following exchange between Munny and Sheriff Dagget (Gene Hackman):"See you in Hell, William Munny" "Yeah."The way the climax is presented would be perhaps more appropriate for a more lurid western, with most shots going wild-far more shots are fired than are strictly necessary, in true action film tradition. This is just the point though, as the end is supposed to be at odds with the grittily realistic nature of the rest of the film. The end result is a powerful message powerfully put across.That is not to say that other westerns that do not necessarily share this sentiment (at least to this level) are less powerful-the theme of 'Once Upon A Time In The West' is equally strong and affecting, but the message is different and presented in a different way. 'Unforgiven' proves though, both to the writer W.W. Beauchamp (Saul Rubinek) and to the audience, that there is a flip side to every story and a dark side to every man.
good Inhumans has been on my list of TV shows to watch for a little while now, episode 7 is about to be released and I have just watched the first 6 episodes. I will admit that I was fairly skeptical at first after reading some extremely disappointing reviews from many a critic and MCU fan alike. I was extremely surprised however when I found myself really enjoying this show. The cinematography and locations are absolutely stunning, the CGI (considering it is a TV series and NOT a Marvel movie) is actually done really well, and the acting, despite what other reviews have said, was 100% up to standard. One other review I have read stated that a lot of the reviews seem to be focused on the first two episodes which were shown in IMAX theaters as a sort of mini-movie, and perhaps they were correct when talking about these, but reviewing the first two episodes and nothing more is like eating just the bread of a sandwich. I am not overly familiar with the comic Inhumans, I know a little bit of the characters and powers they have but have never picked up an Inhumans comic book, so jumping into this whole new side of Marvel comics by all means should have been a bit difficult, but it wasn't. The characters were set up great, you can really understand the antagonist's motivations (very similar to Loki in Thor) and really find yourself rooting for the heroes as you get further into the show, although you learn that maybe the heroes, despite them being literal royalty, aren't always right. The show tells both sides of the story extremely well. The actor for Black Bolt (can't remember the name unfortunately) is surprisingly really compelling despite not saying a word the entire first 6 episodes due to the nature of his powers, and this is due to some great writing and acting. Medusa was equally convincing and the CGI for her character came out great, which surprised me. The star of the show, however, was Maximus, absolutely stellar acting and writing, clear motivations, one of those bad guys you completely understand and want to root for even as you see him slip further and further into full-on villain mode. I would recommend this show as I have to many of my friends, maybe it's not your cup of tea, but definitely worth a watch!
good  Along with Haya Harareet, I think Claude Heater is one of the last of the surviving main cast members from Ben-Hur (1959). Quite symbolic in a way given Mr Heater's moving performance as Jesus Christ in the movie. When I saw Ben-Hur at a church gathering night a few years ago, the Pastor(who was quite conservative) told us that even though Ben-Hur is a "Hollywood" movie, it's the one that probably came closest to honoring and glorifying the Son of God. In Ben-Hur you never see the face of Jesus Christ, and that was a deliberate choice by the director. But Claude Heater gives the emotional gravitas required for the role.Ben-Hur is a movie that stands the test of time. No wonder we say "It's bigger than Ben-Hur" to describe something spectacular. Ben-Hur is an epic, it's spectacular, and it's moving.
good  Gone With the Wind is without a doubt, one of the most magnificent romances ever. A realistic fiction that ends abruptly and leaves it's viewer/reader starving for more but unfortunately never produced a sequel. A book was written in the 90s that continued the story but trust me, it sucked. Scarlett was such a complex character, selfish, spirited, passionate about everything she wants. But in the end you see that Scarlett changes, she learns about communication and respect for all those who love her after she lost everyone who did. Never read the sequel if you read the first one because it isn't a Margaret Mitchell novel and therefor you won't SEE the complexity. Those of you who voted for this movie to have one star, I pity you. You cannot see the complexity or beauty of this wonderful tale or you just didn't see it and decided to vote for a movie you thought would be stupid when in fact it is the most popular civil war movie in history. Please support this movie and give it FAIR votes. It won ten Oscars and has claim to one of the most amazing casts ever so take that into consideration (plus the effort it took) when you give this movie a one/ten. It deserves so much more.
good  I am still quite speechless. Overwhelmed by how utterly compelling the story was and by how emotive the acting story was. Floored by the unbelievably great character development. This film is close to perfect. It is a spiritual cousin to 2004's magnificent Downfall and shares a lot of similarities with Paul Verhoeven's stunning Black Book from last year, not just because these films share two actors. This multi-faceted character driven masterpiece really is as good as it's hype says.Sebastian Koch in particular absolutely shines. He is one of the best international actors working today and he follows the brilliance of his role in Black Book with the lead here. With his bohemian, dishevelled good looks and brilliant charisma, he's the best German-speaking actor since Bruno Ganz. But he is far from the only good actor in this movie, Ulrich Mühe as the State Security (Stasi) agent whose task it is to monitor Koch's suspiciously free thinking playwright, brings another near perfect performance to the movie. Agent Wiesler initially appears to the audience as the polar opposite of Koch's character. With his grey button down clothing, closely cropped hair and consistently emotionless face he symbolises everything about the overbearing untrusting Socialist government of East Germany that is wrong. He could easily have remained that character throughout the whole film but he becomes the surprising emotional centre of the story and the line between heroes and villains is significantly shifted (something which extends to the supporting cast as well. Truth be told there are probably only two characters in this film whom I didn't have to rethink my opinion of). Weisler reveals himself as a lonely, isolated man who risks his entire career as his attitude to his subject changes from one of mistrust to one of near-adoration. There is an undeniable link between the two characters even though they never share a single scene and Georg Dreyman (Koch) doesn't even find about Wiesler until the last 10 minutes of the movie, which leads us up to what should go down as one of the greatest endings in cinema history. Just thinking about the final spoken lines brings the tears to my eyes.As I said, without a doubt one of the greatest movies I have ever seen. And as much as I adore Pan's Labyrinth, this one really did deserve it's Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film of the Year. An absolute masterpiece.
good  Director Mr. Nitesh Tiwari work is so brilliant that after few minutes, you just forget that you are watching film. You simply start witnessing the journey of Phogat's family. Makers are so confident that they have even given credit for story idea to Divya Rao, which reflects their honesty. She is not in writing team but gets her due credit. There are four writers, Director himself, Piyush Gupta, Shreyas Jain and Nikhil Mehrotra and their work is fantastic. Screenplay is seamless and very balanced with much needed freshness. Film starts with glimpse of Mahavir Singh Phogat's passion for wrestling, while watching and challenging another district level arrogant winner, while commentary comes over on them which is fresh. When that person gets defeated he says 'Tumne district level pehlawan ko haraya hai' Then Mahavir Singh replies ' Tension mat le, tum national level champion se hare ho'. Words may be a bit different but meaning was same. Which gives strong idea that what level of dialogues you are going to listen and they have maintained the graph. Dialogues just nourish your senses, inducing correct emotions. A simple scene where protagonist massages feet of his sleeping daughter, clearly reflects that he is just not a ruthless coach but a caring father too. Girls curse their father in front of their friend who is getting married, then that girl emotional words about her feeling towards their caring father is very cute, emotional and enough to make girls realize that what they are taking for granted. Best part of this film is it's continues ascending graph in every aspect. First half is cute, funny with subtle dose of emotions. Second half takes this graph to the horizon. Full of emotions, either it is of defeat, victory or relations. Another major plus point is the way they have shown wrestling. I dint know a bit of it but I enjoyed all wrestling matches like it was my favorite game and that is major chunk of film. Hats off to the team behind wresting choreography .Though you have basic idea of film happenings but still they kept you engrossed by presentation. Climax comes with a very strong message that one can train you but only you have to implement the techniques, which makes you true winner and enriches self confident. Performance makes you thunderstruck. Words can not justify or compliment, Amir Khan's performance as Mahavir Singh Phogat. Zaira Waseem as younger Geeta is brilliant. She is so good that when Fatima Sana Sheikh takes over as grown up Geeta, you miss younger one but soon Fatima proves that she has taken the graph far ahead. Same happens with younger Babita played by Suhani Bhatnagar and grown up by Sanya Malhotra. Skashi Tanwar as wife of Mahavir Singh is very good. Girish Kulkarni , who had played coach is superb, you do hate his character but love his performance. Actor, who played younger cousin of Geeta and even grown up one, both actors are cute and endearing. Kudos to casting director Mukesh Chhabra and team. Music by Pritam and lyrics by Amitabh Bhattacharya, are integral part of this film. Without any formulated track you just enjoy every song and your eyes get mois in one too.
good  I looked at program for today and I saw movie "Oldboy". I read plot and I liked it. What I expected is decent thriller from very good South Korean cinematography,something like "Salinui chueok ". But once again I was wrong. "Oldboy" is masterpiece, so unusual from all other movies. I've seen lots of violence on screen and to me this isn't nothing new but I think that people under 18 really shouldn't watch this one. It's because movie is brutal and I don't think that younger ones would fully understand this one.To say something about plot is quite impossible because I don't know where to begin. If I start talking about the movie I could tell few important things and I know that people often read other comments because they didn't watch that movie. So,I'm going to say only what I read before watching this movie.On his daughter's birthday, Oh Dae-su gets drunk and soon he's arrested by the police. His best friend No Joo-hwan somehow manages to get him out of jail and when No Joo-hwan is making a phone call Oh Dae-su disappears. Someone kidnap's him and puts him into room during 15 long years.But one day he's released.That's the plot. Very interesting, you should watch this movie and then judge it. By the rating on IMDb this movie is in top 250 movies. Now I can understand why. This plot that I wrote doesn't reveal the greatness of the people who wrote the script. I bow to them because this movie is so good, with all those twists and it really represents a whole new wave of making a movie, of writing a script and of acting in it. About direction and actors I can say only good things. Director Park Chan-wook won prize Grand Jury at Cannes. That's enough about direction part. About actors. I can say that I'm impressed by one actor:Choi Min-sik. He's amazing in major role and he showed great potential. I hope I will see him again in some good movie.I cannot say anything more because I could reveal some secret and I don't wanna do that to all new viewers. Only a recommendation. Beautiful, intelligent masterpiece of movie that I highly recommend for everyone with strong stomach and too all of you who want to see one excellent, but sick story. 10/10
good Don't buy the hype from those who criticized this movie without seeing it. Those "critics" will like for nothing better than to watch non-stop episodes of Ally McBeal and various LIFETIME and OXYGEN channel programming.If you truly enjoy watching action movies, Stone Cold is a must see. It's a rare find to see the bad guys win (sort-of). Most action films fall short in this category, where predictable Hollywood endings have now become the norm.The story is simple, stunts are first rate, acting is good, and the plot twists are fun.This movies is now available on DVD.
good Clint Eastwood's "Unforgiven" is a nod to the old spaghetti westerns from the sixties and seventies, such as "The Dollars Trilogy" by Sergio Leone, the very films that made Eastwood a major Hollywood player. But this one is more touchy than the others--it features a character who may be The Man with No Name (a.k.a. Blondie) thirty years after we saw him ride away at the end of "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly." This particular man is filled with guilt trailing him from his past, when he was a gunslinging drunkard made infamous throughout the west as a brutal killer. Now he's older and a retired cowboy--he lives with his two children in the middle of nowhere as a farmer. His name is William Munny.The film opens in a town miles away run by the evil Little Bill (Gene Hackman), the corrupt town sherriff. In the town brothel, a hooker is beaten to a pulp by two men who get away with simply having to hand over some horses to the owner of the joint. Seeking revenge, the women of the facility put together their small fortunes and put up a stash of reward money for the assassination of the two men.Enter the Schofield Kid (Jaimz Woolvet), who is eager to hunt down the two men and collect the reward money. He invites Will Munny to accompany and help him with his quest. At first Will refuses, but then he decides to put down his pitch fork and use his weapons one more time. Along the way, Will and the Schofield Kid pick up Ned (Morgan Freeman), another retired gunslinger living out west in peace and harmony. Together they ride off into the sunset in hopes of finding their targets and collecting some reward money for their efforts. Things aren't always as simple as they seem.The Schofield Kid claims he has killed five men. But Ned and Will come to an agreement that they think he's bluffing. The Schofield Kid is like an eager kid wanting to impress his role model. Whe"Unforgiven" is a tender western that isn't quite as unrealistic as you might expect walking into the theater to watch it. Clint Eastwood is famous for the cowboy roles. Now it's his turn to give a new insight into the feelings of cowboys. The underlying roots of the movie are quite simple--you can't teach an old dog new tricks. Even though Will has left his brutal and abusive past behind him, his old personality is still in there, somewhere amongst the chaos of his colliding feelings. He's a man beaten by his heart more than by any enemy he has encountered in the past.Gene Hackman is always good for bad guy roles, mainly because he can create some of the most hateable characters of all time. I saw "Crimson Tide" immediately after "Unforgiven"--his roles are often the same, but there is no doubting that he can create a truly mean character while still adding some depth to his persona.Clint Eastwood is one great director. He has created a wonderful and grim epic that transcends the genre. Westerns have always been a bit cheesy as compared to more contemporary films (after all, there's a reason they're often called spaghetti westerns). "Unforgiven" is given the regular screen treatment. This is a more accurate portrayal of the wild, wild west. "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly" is superior, but that's a given.The end of "Unforgiven" is a mix between "Taxi Driver" and "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly." It's a bit depressing, but, at the same time, refreshingly noble. It's one of the best cinematic climaxes ever created. The message behind "Unforgiven" may not be encouraging, but some of the greatest films aren't.
good  This is not a movie geared for those who would stand in line for the latest cinemeplexific car chase head banging rock music special effect buster of blocks.  This movie is all about adults.  And the main focus is (SHOCK!) and adult woman!!  Who is hitting 40!!Bette Davis' Margo Channing is successful and self-involved and loving and generous and jealous and human.  Ann Bancroft's Eve has such a sincere and melifluous voice. Thelma Ritter's character is a fast talking dame, Celeste Holm's is a more contemplative one and Marilyn is a hoot. Watch Margo get applause, get drunk, get duped, get a clue, get her man. "Glory Hallelujah!"The men in the film, nameless here but wonderful on screen,  are not spineless tools for the women.  Okay, maybe Celeste's husband is easily manipulated as is the producer - but Margo's man "When I want something, I go after it, I don't want it to come after me" and Sanders' critic "who do you think you are fooling?" are manly men right off the rugged individualist rack (okay, it's a long rack . . .)Great story, well told, great cast, well done!If anyone thinks that any of these people are not *perfect* in this movie - George Sanders? Thelma Ritter? Marilyn Monroe? Celeste Holm? Bette Davis? Ann Bancroft? - I would like to take issue with you - behind the cineplex at high noon.
good  This film is just one of a kind. The charm and wit are so good it will have you wonder how they came up with such a concept, Michael J Fox is at his best as are the rest of the cast. Humour,comedy, science fiction, this film has it all. This film will remain timeless,I would urge anyone who loves films to add this one to their list now. The special effects are still great looking and look far better then most effects today, your heart will still be in your mouth when Marty races towards the clock tower in a bid to get struck by lightning, this is a film you will watch again and again and will always put a smile on your face.
good Nick Park was the genius that started the trend of Plasticine stop-motion movies for Aardman Studios, famously winning Oscars for Creature Comforts and Wallace & Gromit, so it was great so him returning to directing, this was his first solo feature-length project, and it looked like it was going to be a lot of fun. Basically set at the dawn of time, when cavemen and prehistoric creatures, including dinosaurs, roamed the Earth, a small tribe led by Chief Bobnar (Timothy Spall) survive in their valley, hunting for rabbits. But one day there is a disturbance, large unknown vehicles arrive and force the tribe to run away to the volcanic badlands, a Bronze Age army led by Lord Nooth (Tom Hiddleston) have come to claim the land for themselves. Young caveman Dug (Eddie Redmayne) and his wild boar Hognob (Nick Park) are separated from the caveman tribe, unintentionally entering the Bronze Age City, entering a stadium, he is mistaken as a player in the game of football taking place. Dug is brought by the guards before Lord Nooth, in front of the stadium spectators, Dug challenges the local team to a game of football and strikes a deal: if his team wins, they get their valley back; if they lose, they will have to work in the mines. Dug reunites with his tribe and tells them everything, but most of the other cavemen are too dim to understand the concept and rules of football, but they realise, through cave drawings, that their ancestors invented "the great game". The cavemen attempt to practise, but training is fruitless, especially as they only have one ball, so Dug and Hognob sneak into the Bronze Age City to steal more balls, they succeed with the help of local vendor Goona (Game of Thrones' Maisie Williams). She dreams of becoming a footballer herself, and has the skills to play, but girls are excluded from the game, she joins Dug's tribe and coaches them, she also explains while the team players are talented, they are weak at teamwork. The game approaches, and the caveman tribe have made great improvements, meanwhile a Message Bird (Rob Brydon), sent by Queen Oofeefa (Miriam Margolyes), encourages Lord Nooth to discourage Dug, revealing that his ancestors were actually bad at football and gave it up, he offers an alternative deal. The match day arrives, with Queen Oofeefa attending, Dug appears and says he will accept the new offer, that only he will work in the mines while the other cavemen will remain in exile in the badlands. However the rest of the tribe arrive, they convince him that they should go ahead with the game, they score an early goal, but they find themselves down 3-1 in the first half. In the second half, they improve and equalise, a displeased Lord Nooth takes over as the referee, making biased decisions, giving an unnecessary penalty kick. The Chief is goalkeeper, when he is knocked, Dug is forced to allow Hognob to take over, he saves the ball and the game continues, it is in the last few minutes that Dug's team score the winning goal, the final score is 4-3. As a reward, the tribe are allowed to return to their valley, they have also won the respect of the Queen Oofeefa and the crowd, while Lord Nooth is revealed to be stealing money, he is stopped from trying to escape, Dug and the tribe return to hunting, with Goona joining them. Also starring Richard Ayoade as Treebor, Mark Williams as Barry, Kayvan Novak as Dino, Johnny Vegas as Asbo, Selina Griffiths as Magma, Simon Greenall as Eemak and Gina Yashere as Gravelle. The cast of British talent voicing the characters all get their moments, especially Hiddelstone with a hilariously daft French accent as the villain, it is a nice simple story about a game of football that sees Stone Age vs. Bronze Age; the visual, pun and innuendo jokes are well written, and the animation is of course impeccable and charming, it is such a fun family movie, a terrific animated comedy adventure. Very good!
good  This film is a mess. Gone is the feeling of inventiveness which propelled the original in this repeat. It's a watered-down sequel heavy with soft-porn celluloid CGI live comic strip visuals.. While the original seemed fresh, A Dame To Kill For outright fails.The concurrent stories are haphazardly strung and, plain, weak. Nothing here makes an impression other than leaving one feeling dirty and used for watching, feeling embarrassed even. Eva Green being nude more than not seemed mostly to shock, or, perhaps, "hook" adolescents. The sole interesting, semi-fresh, role would have to be the part played by Joseph Gordon-Levitt's character Johnny. As Brolin's reprisal of the Dwight character didn't really cut it, Johnny is the sole person one could invest in and root for. Though Gordon-Levitt stood out, he couldn't repair the mess. Pass.
good  'The Lord of the Rings' is one of my favorite books, I have read it several times, and remember thinking the last time, about 3 years ago that if I made a film I'd want to make it of this, but wouldn't it be almost impossible. You can then imagine how strong my expectations were when I went to see the eagerly awaited first installment. This film impressed me hugely, more than anything else because of how true it was to my imagination, both in the characters as well as in the effects and setting- a sentiment I have heard consistently from other fans of the books. Elijah Wood brought across the character of Frodo with the kind of haunted, frail courage that Tolkien captures so well in the books. Nor could I find any fault at all with Ian McKellan's Gandalf, Viggo Mortensen's Aragorn, and Sean Bean's Boromir, all of whom I thought were portrayed excellently. I could pick out instances where I did think, 'no, that's not right', however their seldomness in number would only serve to illustrate the excellence of the overall portrayal. One thing that did stand out for me was Cate Blanchett's performance as Galadriel, the part itself became so perfunctory in the film that to me her alternation between benevolent seer, and figure of potential terror seemed little more than a slightly confusing detour with no real connection into the plot other than as a vehicle for a glimpse into the future. But that was it.I thought that the points where Jackson did deviate from the text were completely the correct ones to do so. Shortening the opening Shire scenes and cutting out the whole Tom Bombadil bit was great since frankly they bored me slightly in the book anyway. Also, expanding the role of Arwen was a sensible decision. However this film is by no means above criticism. The dialogue was in my opinion terrible and purely there to drive on the plot. Normally this would ruin a film for me (as in "The Matrix"), making it almost intolerable to view, however fortunately here it proves little more than a minor irritation. Also, the film seemed overall to be excessively plot-driven and at times a mad dash from one action scene to another, the characters, for all their truth to the book did seem flat and sometimes little more than stereotypical fantasy characters. This is perhaps my major quarrel with the film- I would have liked these characters to have come alive as people in a way that was made impossible by the sparseness of the script and the rollercoaster nature of the plot. In general the whole film lacked the depth of context that I think distinguishes Tolkien from other fantasy writers. However to have achieved this would have required a very different movie, and you can't fault an action film for being an action film. This movie is undoubtedly not for everyone. A lot of people just don't get fantasy- other than Lord of the Rings, I don't particularly either. However in my opinion Jackson really has made an incredible achievement- his and Tolkien's vision carried through suberbly by a breathtaking setting and stunning special effects, as well as by a cast clearly as enthralled as he was. He has taken on a huge task, and is dealing with it with breathtaking success.
good "Platoon" is hardly an obscure movie, and I guess the reason it's taken me so many years to finally see this is - I dunno, you see enough war movies over the years (not to mention having seen "Full Metal Jacket"), how affecting could this actually be? That's a stupid reason, and the joke's on me; "Platoon" is devastating. This is probably as anti-war as they come, and that it's partly somewhat autobiographical just gives it more punch.I don't think I've ever seen a movie of this type that really emphasizes the dehumanizing effects of war. Charlie Sheen's fall from wide-eyed grace isn't so much heartbreaking as it is tremendously dispiriting. And putting him between two opposing symbols of embittered soldier (Willem Dafoe and Tom Berenger) makes for a clever storytelling hook. I really don't want to give away any spoilers, but when one of these lead actors is killed, it is deeply sad.This one absolutely lives up to the hype.9/10
good  I just came back from a special screening of Batman Begins and I must say this is the best movie I have yet seen this year. All of the blockbuster movies I had seen this year with much expectation have been disappointing. But Batman Begins is not the typical corny action film; it incorporates all aspects of genre: action, fantasy, drama, and even comedy. I was at the edge of my seat from the thrills in some scenes and clapping & laughing from the humorous lines that director Christopher Nolan had written for the characters. I was really amazed by the acting performances from the new generation of actors, assuming that they wouldn't have been able to compete with and compliment the talented, veteran actors such as Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman, Gary Oldman, and Liam Neeson. I mean you couldn't have asked for better actors!! Christian Bale was just perfect for the role: he had the intensity, physique, and charm you'd expect a Batman character to encompass. Every actor was casted perfectly for their roles. I even give props to Katie Holmes for playing a district attorney considering her previous roles consisted of "the young girl" or "girlfriend". I hardly ever see action films nowadays because I don't want to waste my time watching a conventional, corny, over-digitalized,plot less film. To be honest, I gave this film a chance not because it was a Batman movie, but rather because of the talented veteran actors as well as being a fan of Christopher Nolan's previous films. Whether you're a fan of Christopher Nolan or just a Batman fanatic, you'll enjoy every single second of the movie. People of ALL ages will appreciate this film. The violence in this movie is not vulgar, but rather sends out a lot of great messages of loyalty, respect, and humility. Not only is "Batman Begins" the best of the Batman series, it is the most unconventional. This recommendation is coming from a person who mostly watches art-house/independent films.
good There's no cagey comedy or artiness here but, I didn't miss those Allen elements as Wonder Wheel hit with a decent story well told. Kate Winslet turns in a great performance in the role of a guilt-riddled damaged woman who is slowly defending into acute clinical depression. Her pre-teen son by he "lost" first marriage is displaying pyromanic criminal tendencies which feels a bit thrown in ,perhaps, to show no one's problems are singular. Second husband , "Humpty" played by Jim Belushi is battling alcoholism after the death of his first wife and estrangement of his daughter. It's a definite messy and precarious life situation in which you know will likely get more complicated. It soon does.The setting is an amazingly realistic post War War II Coney Island where the principals live and work. When two unexpected people, a beach lifeguard and Humpty's disowned daughter intersect with our characters the tragedy begins to unfold. It's a decent enough story with quite good characters in a interesting place and time. The superficialness of the lifeguard character combined with his struggle to become more is a good juxtaposition to the despair of the others. He soon creates more problems through his actions, creating a darkness he carelessly spreads around. Everything here actually could happen, but more importantly it's a tragedy reflecting common human self-destructive natures coming together for the worse. Nothing too bombastic here as it all reaches a critical mass on which the movie ends. Allen can make a straightforward humble movie and this is it. Anyone can enjoy watching this one. There's not too much to nit-pick yet I can imagine some would wish for a less "smarmy" character than Justin Timberlake playing the narrator and lifeguard (he's actually not bad though). Or...possibly a more pat and satisfying ending. Such is often the case for tragedies though. Good enough!
good I enjoyed every bit of Woody Allen's movies. They are so full of symbolism, realistic- absurd nuances of reality and characters and theatrical feeling. I watch his movies for all those little nuances and little quircks. Concerning Wonder Wheel, its a movie of contrasts- light scenery, happy and bubbly world around and emotional dramas going behind. Those dramas are not exaggarated or overstated, they are normal realistic situations, even not too much of a dramas, but its about how the character go through them and what make of them. Ginny is also a woman of contrasts- of love and hate out of jelousy, of little flaws that lead to greater and even fatal mistakes, which at the end are not entirely her fault, but she feels great guilt. Her kid is burning everything the way she wants to burn past mistake. Her husband is also a contrasting character- he loves Ginny in a way but also greatly depreciate her. And then is Carolina- that light, sunshine girl involved with gangsters. Ironically, she is someone who cares for Ginny, but is actually the one who unintentionally is the root of drama for her. I love the complex interwining of everything in the movie, which appears very simple too. It is in the tone of a classical tradegy- none of the characters are faulty, but all of them carry fault for events. The cinematography is absolutely breathtaking and the sountrack is completely in tone- a light and happy song that becomes histerical as the movie progress. It all comes together. Woody is a genius that we have the pleasure of experiening through movies, which are so diverse and different from one another and I am greatly thankful for that! I enjoy as it is and to me it is completely enough. Woody is master of dramas and comedies many other nuances in beteen.
good Outstanding and haunting Best Picture winner of 1978 that still packs a punch nearly 25 years later. Robert DeNiro (Oscar-nominated), Christopher Walken (Oscar-winning for Best Supporting Actor) and John Savage are on their way to fight for their country in Vietnam. The three are in for a rude awakening from their simple lives in a small steel town in Pennsylvania. The terrors of Vietnam will change all. DeNiro, an avid deer hunter, cannot stand to even shoot a gun after he returns. Savage loses his legs and is too ashamed and scared to return home to his new wife and friends. Walken has lost it mentally and stays in Vietnam and develops the taste for Russian roulette. The movie is a trial to sit through in many ways, but it is also an important film that was the first commentary on the topic of Vietnam. Meryl Streep also received her first of a record 12 Oscar nominations as Walken's love interest. John Cazale was deathly ill during the making of the movie and died shortly after the film was completed of terminal cancer. Michael Cimino's amazing Oscar-nominated screenplay and out-of-this-world Oscar-winning direction are right on key. "The Deer Hunter" is important film-making that has a strong message about life, death and love. It is a movie that should be experienced by everyone at least once. 5 stars out of 5.
good I thought this film was not bad..... I had a few mates who thought it was sh*t-hot.... but it's not really my type of film. Very gritty down-to-earth film showing the ganglands of inner Paris.Some good bits but too many bits that seemed to drag on for me though. I'm not saying it's a bad film, with regards to film-making... but I just didn't enjoy it. A similar film I did enjoy however was City of God... which of course has a more South-American flavour to it.Alright... but a 5/10 for me....Dave
good This is a well acted, attractively filmed, well written thriller with an A list cast. Rosario Dawson new fiancée of a man who gets a hard time from the ex wife (Katherine Heigl) and mother of his child.This is Katherine Heigl's best role yet. She look stunning - even prettier than before. And she acts hilariously well. This kind of role suits her more than the rom com role - we have seen her too many times as the girl who can't find love. Please - she is too pretty to be the wallflower. Her insanely jealous psycho barbie role is played to perfection as she creatively starts to cause trouble.I liked Cheryl Ladd's role as mother of the ex wife and her scenes establish why psycho barbie is the way she is. Rosario acts convincingly too - better than necessary for the role.This is the kind of attractive thriller that's just plain entertaining.
good  Paris Texas is a slow, moody, and delicate study about a man who once ran away from everything and now is coming to terms with himself and learning to forgive himself, by finally facing he people he turned his back on. The Wim Wenders directed movie still today rests in a fairly under recognized status, which doesn't stretch the term "cult classic" when applied to it. Paris, Texas is about redemption, the road, family, and the bleakness of the American Southwest. It contains one of the most memorable and unusual openings ever. We hear Ry Cooder's lonely single note twangy guitar on the soundtrack with cinematographer Robby Müller (Barfly, To Live and Die in L.A. , Dead Man) capturing the majestic vistas, rock formations, and the open desert in his camera. Actor Harry Dean Stanton walks out of the dry and desolate landscape, wearing a wornout black sports jacket and dusty red baseball cap. It's a beautifully staged opening sequence. A perfect start to a perfect movie. This man is lost and in need of being found. It's his brother played by actor Dean Stockwell ("Quantum Leap", Blue Velvet) who gets word of Stanton's whereabouts and goes after him, which begins the journey of redemption. Nastassja Kinski plays Stanton's young x-wife and the true love of his life. Kinski, the daughter of legendary German actor Klaus Kinski, doesn't make her entrance into the film until the later reels, but her lingering presence is felt throughout. It's almost the same type of thing that Coppola did by not having Brando appear in Apocalypse Now until the conclusion. The scenes that Kinski does have in the end with Stanton are some of the best moments ever captured on film. They're highly emotional and will cause even the most hard-hearted to shed a tear. Both Stanton and Kinski are very subtle and understated in their acting. It's true to their characters. Eight year old Hunter Carson plays Stanton's biological son, who was raised by his uncle (Stockwell). Carson certainly deserves mention in any conversation about great child performances on film. Paris, Texas is a masterpiece. There's no way around it. It's a movie that slowly reveals itself putting the audience right in the shoes of Stanton, who also is trying to remember his past and face it. The story was penned by playwright and actor Sam Shepard, though he doesn't appear in the film. Shepard, a very good playwright, has outdone himself with Paris, Texas surpassing his perhaps more well known, True West. Paris, Texas is a film that must not only be seen, but experienced. Sure the pacing is extremely slow, but as an audience member, use that to your advantage to suck in the picturesque orange southwest desert against the deep blue skys, and the poignant acting, and haunting soundtrack. There's no reason not to treat yourself to this uniquely American masterpiece meditation. It would make a great nightcap for a triple feature with two other simular themed American films, The Searchers and Taxi Driver.
good I first saw "Gone with the Wind" in its initial commercial TV broadcast in 1976. I have since seen the film numerous times via a succession of home video media: videotape, laserdisc, and DVD. Yet seeing the film once more on blu-ray and a large widescreen high def monitor is like seeing it completely anew. The sweeping cinematography of this classic epic film has never before been delivered to home audiences in such stunning power and detail. The achingly romantic score has never sounded better, whether heard in original mono or reconstructed stereo. Rhett Butler (Clark Gable) has never looked more rakishly handsome nor Scarlett O'Hara (Vivien Leigh) more alluringly sensual. In short, for anyone not having seen "Gone with the Wind" in glorious big-screen Technicolor (almost all film viewers under the age of 70), the recent blu-ray release is a must-see revelation.Beyond the compelling audio-visual experience, "Gone with the Wind" thankfully retains its fascination as a central piece of American popular culture - a work of art complex and rich enough not only to bear up under multiple viewings but to reveal, like great literature, different aspects of its meaning depending on the cultural and personal variables that a viewer brings to the experience. There were certainly a great number of impressions in my recent viewing that I don't remember having in quite the same way 30, 20, or even 10 years ago.For one thing, characters and character relationships impacted me much differently than in the past. Scarlett's multiple marriages and affairs – even the protracted love/hate odyssey with Rhett – seemed less interesting now than the strength of character that enables her physical survival and success as a business woman. In many ways, Scarlett is clearly not an ante- and post-bellum Southern belle, but a woman of the 1930s, newly emerging from a patriarchal culture and acquiring a social role and status equivalent to a male's.As with other '30s films that touch upon the redefinition of female roles, Scarlett's acquisition of masculine power is greeted with ambivalence or downright hostility. Even Rhett, who is generally bemused by and attracted to Scarlett's unbridled "self-interested" power grabs, eventually tries to "tame" and dominate Scarlett via marriage. On one occasion he tries to persuade her to give up the lumber mill and become a more devoted mother to Bonnie Blue. On another, he compares the "heartless" Scarlett unfavorably to Belle Watling, another hardheaded businesswoman but one whose ancient profession is considerably less threatening. Ultimately, Rhett attempts to assert his masculine power by an act of sexual aggression for which he would today be subject to domestic rape charges. Amazingly, given the era in which the film was made, nothing works for long. Scarlett is indomitable and irrepressible. Unlike other '30s heroines, Scarlett is NEVER reduced to a subordinate role. In the end, Tara and the screen are hers and hers alone.Another thing that struck me in my latest viewing of "Gone with the Wind" was how much its creators (particularly David O. Selznick) strove to temper the racist content of the story materials. Of course, they were unsuccessful from today's perspective, but when the film is compared to "Birth of a Nation," the original film epic of the South's secession and destruction, one can clearly see its progressive designs. First of all, glorification of the South's rebellion is tempered from the outset by the dissenting voices of such otherwise dissimilar characters as Rhett and Ashley, both of whom foresee that the South has written its own ticket to destruction by entering into a war it cannot possibly win and for an historically dubious cause. Notably, the two central male characters view slavery askance. Rhett is never a slave-holding "gentleman." And Ashley, who is the scion of slaveholders, reveals plans to free the Wilkes slaves upon the death of his father. Moreover, the slaves on the Tara plantation, while still subject to stereotypical treatment, are far more prominent and rounded as characters than in any previous American film intended principally for white audiences. This is particularly true of sage-like Mammy, of course, but not only of her.The stark differences between the Mitchell/Selznick version of Civil War history and D.W. Griffith's can be seen most clearly in the post-war Reconstruction period. In "Gone with the Wind" the really ugly stereotypes of empowered blacks are absent, with the negative focus centering instead on white carpetbaggers. Even the threats to Scarlett's Southern Womanhood come not from renegade blacks, but first from a white Northern deserter and later from white scalawags in Shantytown, a locale that Scarlett intrepidly, if foolishly, ventures through. From this latter threat she is pointedly rescued not by chivalrous whites, but by her former slave, Sam, who beats off the would-be rapists and drives Scarlett safely home. What a far cry this is from "Birth of a Nation," where Little Sister throws herself from a cliff rather than be raped by a former slave who has stalked her through perilous woods.Above all, "Gone with the Wind" deliberately avoids all mention of the Ku Klux Klan, the terminally embarrassing heroes of "Birth of a Nation." The only scene that comes close to a Klan allusion occurs following the attempted assault on Scarlett when Ashley, Dr. Meade, and then-husband Mr. Kennedy, set about clandestinely to "clean out" the scalawags. Yet even then their targets are not primarily black, nor do the avengers don robes. The audience is not even permitted to witness the attack – only Ashley's wounds from it.If Americans in the 21st century can still respond to "Gone With the Wind" - and clearly they can - it is not only because of its grand pictorial displays and epic action but because in terms of gender and race, this classic of Hollywood's 1939 peak year looks forward to a modern "tomorrow" as much as, if not more than, it laments a tragically flawed American past.
good  This is a wolverine movie aimed at adults and definitely not for small children. The story is set in the future and Logan is taking care of Charles Xavier who has grown old and is incapable of taking care of himself. Logan, himself is now older and his health is slowly deteriorating as well. A young girl mutant enters their lives which sets off a story, which is not about super heroes fighting bad guys, but one that is on a more human level. "Logan", is a beautifully made X-Men film that deals with themes of importance of family, loyalty, and ultimately how Logan himself deals with new found emotions which he is experiencing for the very first time in his life.This is the crowning achievement in Hugh Jackman's role as Wolverine. It is the movie he and director, James Mangold had always wanted to make. It is a dramatic work of art and for X-Men fans, has plenty of action and special FX which are a definite cut above anything that has been seen before in Wolverine/X-Men films.A MUST SEE FOR ANY FAN AND A GOOD ENOUGH FILM TO STAND ALONE FOR ANYONE!!
good There's not much to say about this movie this is *THE* movie that changed it all.It's my favourite movie, and not only among the quadrilogy, among all movies; it has everything that can be great in a movie, great characters, great story, great sights, great special effects (they don't show 23 years) and a mythological background that made us dream for decades now, and that'll keep us dreaming for a long, long time. Maybe the characters I liked most in this one are Old Obi-Wan Kenobi, wonderfully portrayed by Alec Guinness, and Han Solo, Harrison Ford's first important role, they're both great.Not to mention John Williams' wonderful score, without of it, the movie wouldn't have been this great it's a perfect mix, that's what it is!
good Even though people rarely admit it, the 'Saw' series has been one of the highest quality horror series ever made. 'Jigsaw' is the eighth entry in the series and there is still yet to be a bad film made amongst them. Some are undoubtedly better than others, but I defy you to point me out one that is inherently bad. I also defy you to show me another horror series (even any type of series at all is rare) that has maintained quality across that many films. That's why I was so happy that 'Jigsaw' was a brilliant movie, because if they had come back seven years later only to put forward a bad film for the sake of making money it would have ruined everything. Luckily that was not the case though.While this one does follow the formula used in all the past films, it also feels quite unique in a number of ways. The original seven films were all set within a very tight time-frame. This one of course is pushing ten years into the future. This adds layers of intrigue to the proceedings, because how could 'Jigsaw' be committing these crimes when he died all those years back? And you just know they're going to have a brilliant answer to that question.As far as the traps go in this one, I'm not too sure how I feel. None of them were bad, however none of them really blew me away either. My favourite one (without giving away any spoilers) was actually the most simple one in the film involving a gun. The psychology behind that one is what I loved. I love when these films aren't afraid to be intelligent.The twist in this one also caught me completely off-guard. I've heard people say they weren't entirely convinced by it and felt that the film cheated, however I disagree. Nothing is off limits coming in a 'Saw' movie. You have to know that going in. Altogether I absolutely loved this film and would thoroughly recommend it to anyone who is in anyway interested in the genre.
good  What a waste. The movie starts out pretty good, with decent cinematography but quickly turns into a tedious bore. The killer clown is eerie at first but then it becomes apparent he's gonna be another Jason or Michael Myers, meaning you can't kill him no matter what you do. However, where the filmmakers really screwed up is by (SPOILER ALERT!). killing off the best character in the movie by far, Tara, the dark haired girl. I thought that the actress was very good and sympathetic and by killing her off in the first half it just wrecked it. We had no one else to care about.. After that all you have is super clown killing everybody. Some of the reviews make you think that you're seeing another great horror classic but I don't think so. A lot of work went into the gore effects but I wish they would have spent as much time on the story. It really goes bad in the second half and I was happy to see it end.
good  There are only so many films in history that I can watch again and again, gaining new appreciation for, one of them is this film. I went from the movies to VHS, and finally to DVD. The availability and quality of this film keep raising the bar of what I can get from it.I read someone posted that this is the king of B movies or something of that sort, while I honestly think in some scenes like when Indy is running from the Hovitos and he rises over the hill, the film had a really strange documentary feeling, like if a comic actually came to life and like in the Twilight Zone, you were stuck in it. It is great to see this film, now that I edit and produce small independent films, and have worked in post production in Los Angeles. I honestly think almost every scene in this film is better than what's coming out today in sci-fi/adventure. I might pull back that comment in regards to some nice visuals in Riddick, and maybe the new Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith, but I'm not certain.The amount of time and effort put into the comedy, adventure, and depth of each character dazzles me because I really can't tell it was filmed the same year Fame was. It really has a unique look to it. The key lighting in the piece is amazing, almost everything looks like it was perfectly worked out.My only complaint is the attempt to visualize the opening of the Ark, as most of the other scenes don't deal with the supernatural except maybe a burning crate with a nazi symbol on it. George should redo that last scene in my opinion, and tighten it up, because I really think it wasn't coming together, however when I was a child it was so amazing and scary realistic. It's all perspective, but my point it that now in this modern filming era, the acting and film production is holding tight to this day.I forward you to just enjoy this film and look for things like formulas on chalkboards, skeletons in classrooms, proper patches on Nazi gear, gun accuracy. Research the film's era and background, and it only gets better. That's the ability that Spielberg and Lucas have, attention to detail and clever twists on most of their bodies of work.Watch this film again, it's worth it, I promise you.
good  Everyone enjoyed the Power Rangers first seasons. The incredibly cheesy lines, ridiculous plots, and giant monster fight scenes made it all the more watchable. It was definitely watched by more people than you think when it first came out. Everyone tries to hide the fact that they watched it every time a new episode came on. The show was over the top and it rocked. The same thing was going to happen every episode, but it didn't matter. You knew there would be some small fights, Rita would get mad, make her monster huge.. which eventually lead to Morphin Time! Each villain had its own unique ability and look. They all made you laugh. The show lost its luster as it went on, but I guarantee you have to say the first seasons of Power Rangers were a total classic!
good Terry Gilliam's stunning feature-length adaptation of Chris Marker's short film LA JETEE is full of mind-bending surprises, yet still touches your heart thanks to the superb cast.  Gilliam's flair for the phantasmagorical works with the script by David and Janet Peoples to play with your head as much as it does with poor James Cole (Willis at his most Steve McQueen-like -- better than McQueen, even!), a time-traveling convict from the future who literally doesn't know whether he's coming or going as a team of scientists keeps sending him back to the wrong eras while trying to prevent a 1995 plague that's deadly to humans but harmless to animals.  Willis, the justifiably Oscar-nominated Brad Pitt, and Madeline Stowe as a well-meaning psychiatrist give some of the best performances of their careers.  Even Paul Buckmaster's tango-style score is haunting.  This one's a don't-miss!
good  A film like "Jaws 2" proves that we can, indeed, get too much of a good thing. Action and shark over substance and character development. Somewhere along the way "Jaws" went from being about deep, intelligent characters in intense situations to shallow teenagers in B-monster-movie moments."Jaws 2," or "Jaws2" (no space in between "s" and "2"), takes place four years after the horrid events in Amity, seen in the first film. Police Chief Brody (Roy Scheider, commonly mistaken for Rob Schneider with today's audience) is a veteran of a shark attack, of course. And like most sequels involving characters who once battled a beast of some sort and survived, Brody is now the official expert on sharks. When a boat blows up off shore, Brody suspects a shark. When a killer whale is found dead with chomp marks, Brody suspects a shark. Heck, you could blow up the state of Arkansas and Brody would probably think it's a shark.Soon Brody loses his job because the town mayor (Murray Hamilton, reprising his role shortly in this film because he had to stop filming to attend to his sick wife) doesn't like poor Brody, even after the events of the first film. Then Brody's seventeen-year-old son goes out on a sail boat and before you can go, "Duh-duh-duh-duh" JAWS is coming at him and his friends. Brody goes, tries to save them, and you can guess what the outcome is.Okay, here are some things I noticed that hindered this film:1. The first thing that hits you over the head here is how this film is painfully a copy in every way of the first film, only about ten times worse. There is no suspense--they show the shark from the beginning on. In a documentary made just for the "Jaws2" DVD, the director says that "The shark has already been seen, so there's no suspense--you might as well show it." Well, this is a bit true--I hate when horror sequels wait till the end to show the creature ("Predator 2") even though we've seen them in the first. But the way they do it here is painfully un-suspenseful. The film really contains no sense of suspense.2. You'd think that everyone in the town would have learned their lesson last time: Brody was right about a shark, and he saved the day. Here we see everyone turning back to their old ways and ignoring Brody. You could give excuses for this, but the fact of the matter remains: It's just another retread of the first film, done on a much lesser scale.3. The shark here is shown too much--he looks like a rubber ducky in a bathtub. Kids scream as it attacks boats and helicopters--yes, helicopters (that looks strange on paper)--and the shark comes out of the water head first to swim forward. Now, unlike the first film where the shark was never shown very well--because of mechanical problems or not, they still didn't show it--they show the shark many, many times here. And unlike the first when they DID show the shark, in "Jaws2" they make the shark look utterly unrealistic. In the first the rubber shark swam like a shark--this thing swims like a giant piece of rubber in an ocean.4. The director obviously went for action over story: Steven Spielberg masterfully crafted an instense and scary film, yet at the same time provided a very interesting character study. Here, we just see blood, guts, and big rubber sharks--something that might look good in a B-horror-movie, but not in a "Jaws" film.5. What are the remote chances that another 25-foot Great White Shark (capitalized for effect) would be off the coast off the small town Amity twice? Perhaps this will answer that question:After finding a killer whale, Brody asks a marine biologist (filling in Richard Dreyfuss' most-missed shoes), "You don't think if one shark dies, another shark could come and"--he gets cut off by the marine biologist, who says, "Sharks don't take things personally, Mr. Brody." Well, that's funny, according to the tagline for the forth film they do. Perhaps that is one of the confusing elements of this film. Is the shark attacking because Brody killed the other one four years ago? Or is it just an odd coincidence? We may never know.Steven Spielberg had the smarts to move on after the first project, as did Richard Dreyfuss, and Roy Scheider should have said "no," too, because you can't flog a dead fish and expect people to jump. (Did that make sense? Sorry, I had a good catch-phrase in my head but it didn't come out right.)The first film should have been a stand alone, but in the case that they should make a sequel to one of the most cherished films of all time, for heaven's sake, make it good!So now I come back to my original question. What should my header be for this review? And then I got it:"This time it's kind of personal!"2.5/5 stars -John Ulmer
good  They say that you should wait 20 or 30 years before attempting to capture an historical event on film.  That is why it was remarkable that Oliver Stone was able to capture the "feel" of Viet Nam (in "Platoon") so soon (13 years) after America's withdrawal.  Usually, an honest perspective takes more time to develop.But, when you consider that John Steinbeck and John Ford needed less than ten years to bring the 1932 "dust bowl" to life, you really have to admire their magnificent achievement.    Of course, in 1940, Ford could not film much of the graphic squalor described in the novel.  For example, the film cannot show a starving hobo suckling at the breast of a young Rose of Sharon, who has milk to spare following the death of her baby.  But, far from degradation, Rose of Sharon's gesture is a reflection of the goodness that resides within her, and that quality is well illustrated in the character development seen on the screen.  Tom Joad may be an ex-con, but he is a good man.One of the commentaries (below) uses this film to rant about the exploitation in today's society.  That completely misses the point.  Ford, who was as conservative as anyone in Hollywood, even more conservative than John Wayne, used this movie to show that Man can triumph, despite the natural and human barriers that are put in his way.   This is ultimately a movie about hope and the human spirit.
good  I don't know what it is with this movie but I watch it every years and it just feels good! I think the movie magic happens with the incredible casting. You see and feel the emotions of every character. It's an ordinary story that is believable and that is the reflection of an era.
good Stand By Me is without a doubt one of the finest pieces of film ever made in the history of humanity. A truly excellent movie that really strikes and affects you with all its glory. It leaves no one untouched whether you're 12 or 112 years old. Simply because it deals with life and friendship, and all that comes with it. Both the good and the bad.Everyone can relate to it and feel what the characters feel. Because we've all been there. We have all done similar things to what they are doing, we have all been dealing with the same issues in life as they are faced with and we all still are.Few films are able do depict the theme of life and friendship as successfully as Stand By Me. In my opinion there are practically no flaws in this production, everything from the plot and the screenplay to the characters and the actors are top notch. Also the music is great.Watching the movie one feel everything from happiness and laughter to fear and grief. Laughter because we remember how fun it was being a child. With everything being new and exciting in life. And facing it all together with our friends. Fear and grief because of how hard it can be having to grow up and let go of the past. Let go of our old friends and our old life. One can't help but to feel nostalgic. At least I do. It makes me think about life in a larger sense. Thinking about my childhood I realize how long ago it was or at least seems to be. The movie frees a lot of emotions and thoughts regarding both my own life and life in general.This movie also has one of the best opening scenes in film history. I almost burst into tears every time I see it. It's as close to perfection as it gets. It's so beautiful and sad. Simply the perfect way to launch the rest of the movie. How the beautiful soft music first almost reaches out and touch you, while seeing the landscape. Then a close up on the car and the main character reading the chocking news of his dear old friend's death. Thereafter such a smooth passage back to his childhood with focus on the kids passing by on their bikes and the music still in the background. Excellent!To conclude I have also one little flaw, or at least I think of it that way. It's regarding the whole "Lardass-scence". When I was little I could never figure out why it was in the film. I couldn't see the connection to the rest of the film. Being older and hopefully a little wiser :D I now see that it's a way of showing Gordies talent for making up stories, the talent that have him becoming a writer one day. However I feel this could have been illustrated in a better way. I've always felt that scene is just a little bit over the top and I still do. Otherwise Stand By Me is close to a masterpiece. No one should go through life without seeing and experiencing this wonderful film.
good  A great science-fiction film with a compelling story. James Cameron does a good job interweaving a science-fiction narrative with other elements. The movie is considered an independent film with a low budget, but it feels much more than that. The animation for the time is actually done quite well, especially for being a low budgeted film. Linda Hamilton does a great job in the film. She doesn't over act her lines and the end of the film I felt she really outshone in the factory and leaving John her message. Michael Biehn also does a great performance and Arnold Schwarzenegger does a good job, he may of had very few lines but his physical acting is very well done. Schwarzenegger did a good job at portraying a cyborg with use of movements. The dream sequences in the film that go back and forth between the future and the present is amazing, gives it more of a chilling sense knowing that their future is full of hardship and turmoil. Overall this film is amazing and for being 30 years old, is still going to stand the test of time.
good  This would have to be one of the worst movies I think I have ever seen !!!! Especially notable for its bad acting, terrible plot/story line. I think the dog played a better part than either Kate or Idris! and I used to be a fan of both. Very sad really. Not even the cinematography could salvage this production.
good  Misery and Stand By Me were the best adaptations up until this one, now you can add Shawshank to that list.This is simply one of the best films ever made and I know I am not the first to say that and I certainly won't be the last. The standing on the IMDb is a true barometer of that. #3 as of this date and I'm sure it could be number 1. So I'll just skip all the normal praise of the film because we all know how great it is. But let me perhaps add that what I find so fascinating about Shawshank is that Stephen King wrote it.King is one of the best writers in the world. Books like IT and the Castle Rock series are some of the greatest stories ever told. But his best adaptations are always done by the best directors. The Shining was brilliantly interpreted by Kubrick and of course the aforementioned Misery and Stand By Me are both by Rob Reiner. Now Frank Darabont comes onto the scene and makes arguably the best King film ever. He seems to understand what King wants to say and he conveys that beautifully. What makes this film one of the best ever made is the message it conveys. It is one of eternal hope. Andy Dufresne, played by Tim Robbins, has been sent to prison for a crime he did not commit. But he never loses hope. He never gives up his quest to become a free man again. His years of tenacity, patience and wits keep him not only sane, but it gives his mind and a spirit a will to live. This film has a different feel to it. There has never been anything like it before and I don't know if there will again.I'm not going to say any more about this film, it has already been said, but just suffice to say that I am glad that Forrest Gump won best picture in 94. I would have been equally glad if Pulp Fiction or Shawshank would have won. It is that good of a movie and one that will be appreciated for years to come.
good I'd like to start by saying that I appreciated this movie for what it is, the narrative was simple enough to enjoy, visuals were tantalizing and beautiful yet Rupert Sanders's Ghost in a shell is but a shell without a ghost. It has the name, it has the very basic shell of the original 1995 anime film 'Ghost in a shell' but leaves out Its "ghost". Its power/impact. Although I'm not against having S. Johansson play Major, the fact that the film leans heavily on Japanese culture makes it hard not to shout "CULTURE APPROPRIATION!" within the first 30 minutes of the film. Come on they have white/black actors/actresses playing Japanese named characters... Ghost in a shell lives in a world where the robots, its cities, its characters are all very Japanese. So its begs the question that if Hollywood are willing to use the Japanese cultures in its movies (clearly because it sells) then why aren't they willing to use Japanese actresses/actors for their movies?
good  It's important for all people to explore the world and pursue their dreams and goals for themselves. It's important for people to be happy with their lives and not force people to help them become successful. Money, greed, and selfishness don't bring happiness to someone that was forced to get into a career at an early age or of any age at all. It's important for a person to enjoy their childhood while looking ahead towards a brighter, happy future.The actor's portrayal of Kane and his colleagues was shown very well throughout the film. The juxtaposition of the flashbacks and the present time research of Kane's life were used well and made the plot flow through fast and easy for the viewers to understand what was happening in the film. The news reel and the voice narration of providing the back story of Kane's life and death was effective to set up the main idea that the viewers are going to see and find more information about Kane's life and what the meaning of the last word that Kane said at his deathbed was all about. The use of framing and cinematography was used well throughout the film. The lighting on the back of the actors and the front of the actors was really dramatic, sharp in focus in the depth of field, and kept people guessing what was going on inside their minds and the emotions that they're feeling at the present time as Kane and the reporter are searching for success. In other scenes, the use of lighting was soft and sometimes balanced through the film. The double exposures in some parts of the film were used well.Overall, it's a good film to watch. It has a great moral story that everybody should follow in their lives.
good I did not watch this in 3D.Before I begin with "CoCo", I would like to state that the Frozen featurette before the film, not in 3D, was extremely boring and the Frozen shorts are becoming increasingly worn-out. Olaf is not funny and the jokes quickly get old after the first one. When he got lost, I thought, great he's gone, we can move on. When I found out the family tradition was Olaf, that was the "perfect" cap to an annoying featurette. In Mexico, people were so annoyed by it that they completely took it away and are not making viewers watch it at all. We are not so lucky.First off, I will state that I do speak Spanish and have a high respect for the cultural traditions represented in this movie. I love how Disney is highlighting a variety of cultures and making a sincere attempt to creating high-quality movies that showcase aspects from these cultures.I love all the cultural elements of this movie. Others tend to pick apart every minor flaw or even a perceived misunderstanding of a cultural element to enhance the entertainment value. This movie made me want to go home and look up the history of "Dia de Muertos" to compare it to details I saw in the movie.All 5 of my points go to highlighting these aspects of Mexican culture and also to the last 30 minutes of the movie, which was actually entertaining.The boring featurette was actually the beginning of a mostly boring movie. Typically I will not laugh at all Disney jokes, but usually there are a few that have me chuckling. This had none, not one. There were a few mediocre attempts at humor that I can count on one hand, but none were actually funny. I heard one or two strained laughs in the whole theater at each decent joke. It was a total of maybe 5-6 laughs the whole movie out of 100 viewers.The beginning 30-45 minutes was meant to highlight Mexican family culture, but was extremely boring. I had thoughts of walking out at the 30 minute mark. It was almost painfully boring. At that point, I was embarrassed to have bought a ticket to watch "Coco." The main storyline is that a distant relative(great, great grandfather I believe) of Miguel was a musician and walked out on the family. The great, great grandmother banished all music from the home at that point and based the family around making shoes. There are roughly 30 minutes dedicated to hitting home this point over and over again. The remainder of the of the movie is loosely based on the fact that Miguel's family hates music. However, Miguel wants to be a musician. In the end, he becomes a musician. The End.There were a couple of things that left me scratching my head that just didn't make sense. The main one was how Miguel made it to the Land of the Dead. He strummed a guitar and instantly became a "ghost". I never understood why this happened and no explanation was offered at any point. This sets up the remainder of the movie with Miguel trying to get back to the world of the living, so it would seem somewhat important to offer some explanation why strumming the guitar would make him enter the Land of the Dead. However, he doesn't become completely dead. Only the dead "skeletons" can see or talk to him. Regular humans can't. But he still remains in his normal living body. However, he is slowly becoming a skeleton and will be completely a skeleton by morning. He can only get back by a family member's blessing. But if they send you back, they can also give you other conditions, such as never playing music again. If you break those conditions, you are instantly sent back to the Land of the Dead. There is no explanation where any of this came from.At this point, I'm questioning why I should care about any of this. The saving character to the film is Hector. After seeing Hector in action with Miguel, you actually start to care about his character. This really is the only reason to care about anything that is going on in the movie. When you see that Hector is about to vanish even from the Land of the Dead, it really hooks you in and you want Miguel to make it back. Before this, I didn't care about any of it really. However, does a good last 30 minutes make up for the remainder of the film? I'm not sure. I'm sure many people will walk out with that good feeling in their heart that Hector was saved and forget about an hour or more of boredom they had to endure before that. I just cannot let go of the fact of how bad and boring that first 1 hour of the movie was. The jokes were bad...so bad.
good  I had not seen the prequel to this although my date had and she filled me in on many details. While the experience of this film would be enriched by having seen the preceding film first, it certainly stands satisfactorily alone.In many ways, this reminded me very much of one of my most favorite movies of all time, "My Dinner with André," in which just 2 characters talking comprised the whole movie. In that movie, the friends had been close, drifted apart, and then had a brief reunion at a dinner at which they caught up with what the other had been doing. The two principals, André Gregory and Wallace Shawn, played themselves and each represented one side of a dialectic, say the side of romanticism vs. a conventional reality. "Before Sunset" is parallel in many ways.At one level we have a romantic story -- two people who'd briefly been lovers nine years before and lost touch meet again. They spend an afternoon together. Will they try to fulfill what they'd started? At another level, we have the charm of conversation and exploration, of reminiscing, of gradually feeling out and discovery of how much do I have in common with this person now? -- where has this person been? -- what are they capable of now? -- how much freedom of choice do I have, does this other person have -- to make decisions? Etc.While Celine and Jesse have a capacity for relating and talking, they also have somewhat opposite ways of viewing the world and relationships -- Celine is more cynical and reserved; Jesse is more open to settling for the "not-perfect-but-good-enough."There are possibly a few people who have not had the personal experiences that at least somewhat relate to the premise in this film -- a relationship in which one wonders, "what would have happened if I'd pursued that relation?" but probably most people have. And the other dilemma, of meeting again that someone but by now being involved in relationships of responsibility -- my family, my children, my present life. What would it do to them if I were to pursue my own happiness at the expense of them? Can I do that? Can I value the chance of my own happiness above theirs? Etc.The film, fortunately, gives us no answers to these essential questions but it does pose them in a way that makes us consider them.Delpy and Hawke are given screenwriter credits and I feel sure that they must've contributed a great deal to the feeling of seamless, natural dialogue.GREAT movie. No movie satisfies everyone, of course, but at the time I wrote this, slightly over 50% of the voters gave it a 10/10. For those of us in that group, it's a great film.
good  Faithfully following Chuck Palahniuk's acerbic satire, Fight Club presents the vast emptiness of modern existence- ridden as it is with shallow values, rampant consumerism, empty of meaning, feeling and life itself- in a slick and ironically consumer oriented fashion.  In a different vein from American Beauty, Fight Club explores the solutions to the veritable sleepwalking existence that plagues modern life.  The film is violent, but it is not gratuitous violence, and any reviewer who claims that the film is promoting violence has missed the entire point of the film. A very black comedy, it is sure to provoke much conversation- it is definitely a film to see with friends.  The film is fast-paced, densely packed and merits a second viewing, just to take it all in, especially if you haven't read the book. In typical Fincher style, you the viewer are left to draw your own conclusions. He feels no impetus to tell you how to interpret what you've seen, appropriate since the film condemns falling victim to the strictures of what society tells us to think and to value.  My only criticism is that the editing is not as tight as it could be in the middle section of the film, it drags just a bit then picks up again. Other than that, it should definitely be an Oscar contender.
good Most importantly: relax. Take it easy (as the song goes). But do not watch this, if you are easily offended. It really goes out there and language wise, it does not only cross the line, it catapults over it, with a vicious grin on its face. If you know you can't handle that, better save your money and time.For those familiar with the original (it's been too long since I last saw it), there are a few throwbacks, most of which surely can be read here. They are nice and as "tasteful" as they can be expected to be in a movie, that really takes no prisoners. And I only watched the version that was shown in cinemas. I can only imagine where they probably will go in an extended version (that's surely happening, right? If not at least many deleted scenes and outtakes, with more "fun" - for those who liked it). Also many jokes throughout the credits, that will either delight you or annoy you more - depending on how you liked the movie
good  One of the most cherished fantasy films to ever grace the screen, "The Wizard of Oz" stands as a crowning achievement in 1930's film making. The special effects are highly impressive considering the limited technology available at the time, not to mention they are infinitely more endearing than most CGI effects present in today's films. The lavish sets, impeccable costume design, and glowing Technicolor help to create a convincing and enchanting Land of Oz. And though obviously filmed on a soundstage, the sets never seem confining; thanks largely in part to the meticulous backdrop paintings used to add depth to the foreground. The musical numbers are quite lively & catchy -- never slowing the pace of the film -- except perhaps for the Lion singing "King of the Jungle". Judy Garland truly shines in her portrayal of Dorothy, perfectly capturing the wide-eyed innocence of her character. She definitely deserved the special Oscar she was awarded for her performance. Margaret Hamilton as the Wicked Witch of the West, Ray Bolger as the Scarecrow, and Frank Morgan as the Wizard also turn in praiseworthy characterizations. Definitely timeless in every sense of the word, this film is recommended to those of all ages  a 10/10!
good Who knew the end of the world could be such a bummer? In "2012," the first and certainly not the last big-studio bid to cash in on the supposed coming apocalypse, Roland Emmerich once again lays waste to Earth and its assorted famous landmarks, but this time it's with a touch of exhaustion, an almost routine finality. Maybe it's middle age (it's his first apocalypse since he turned 50). Or, maybe, it's because to a consummate destroyer of worlds (four doomsdays and counting), the true end of days is really just the final dreary step. Few images, after all, beat that of the California coast crumbling into the ocean like a sinking aircraft carrier, or of the subsequent barrage of flaming volcanic rock that pummels the earth when Yellowstone finally goes kaput, blowing its literal top and the audience's already torpid movie-going mind. Both of those sequences are given high prominence in "2012," though neither is predicted by the end of the Mesoamerican long-count calendar, from which this movie takes its name if not much else. Weaving escapist fantasy into scientific fact has long been the prerogative of high-concept vehicles like "2012," which omit most of the finer factual details (the Mayans never actually wrote of the end of the world, for starters) to make their own pseudoscientific conceits appear frighteningly plausible. That may explain why "2012" takes a nominally more scientific approach to the cataclysm (neutrinos, crust displacement, blah, blah, blah), though even Chiwetel Ejiofor, as the president's scientific adviser, seems to know that it's all one big joke long before Woody Harrelson, as some sort of apocalyptic hippie fanatic, can pop his eyeballs and declare, "It's the apocalypse, man!"Mr. Harrelson's character doesn't figure much into the story beyond the usual wise fool archetype, though at least his bug-eyed mugging gives oomph to what is otherwise a pretty unremarkable disaster flick. The real selling point of "2012" is, of course, the annihilation of our planet and most of our species, and, if nothing else, the destruction here can hardly be called boring. That's to be expected, seeing that Mr. Emmerich is certainly an old hand in the industry, having already vaporized, trampled, flooded and frozen the planet solid, not to mention raked in a collective ten-figure sum at the domestic box office. Considering the worldwide scale of "2012" and Mr. Emmerich's incurable tendency to one-up himself, it's also no surprise that here he works so relentlessly to cover all his catastrophic bases, from the pulverization of the Vatican to the inundation of D.C., to the purely extraneous sight of a cruise ship keeling over, Paul Gallico-style, upending the galley and its many digitally- rendered flailing human bodies.But, seriously, what's the point anymore? Like most apocalyptic trifles, "2012" trades on the doomsday scenario to stake the usual forgettable claims at the resilience of the human spirit (and the American nuclear family) but mostly it just wants to watch the world burn, sometimes literally. The human race is ending, after all, and if that end never really resonates in "2012," it's because not even Mr. Emmerich seems interested in examining it beyond the visceral level. Although he duly taps his emotional well by occasionally bringing you close to the calamity – the tiny human bodies tumbling from a collapsing freeway are certainly frightening – it's hard to feel awed by or even care at all about any of it when all the man wants to do (and wants us to do) is have a good time. "2012" is a pretty much a romp, then, and, for its first ruinous hour at least, a reasonably satisfying one. The sturdy B-movie screenplay by Mr. Emmerich and Harold Kloser actually picks up in 2009, giving time to introduce a few of the leading men and women who will figure into the imminent end, some of them likable (Mr. Ejiofor), others abhorrent (Oliver Platt as a blustering government bigwig), most of them just plain boring. Three years later, as the cracks in the Earth and the story become wider and more worrisome, more people come into play, in this case an everyfamily (John Cusack, Amanda Peet and their two burdensome children) we're meant to follow while modern civilization crumbles around them, in increasingly spectacular ways. But the spectacle wears off and the movie soon drags, done in when Mr. Emmerich's exuberant flair for devastation gives way to his seriously underwhelming affinity for family soap operatics and teary moments of worldwide harmony. Part of the problem with movies like "2012" is that even with the latest brand of pricey computer-generated effects at their disposal, such wizardry tends to undercut itself when you stop and realize that almost none of what you're seeing is really there, really happening. Mr. Emmerich is not entirely to blame, of course, though it's nonetheless a wonder that after three stabs at destroying the planet, he still can't avoid the disconnect between human tragedy and worldwide destruction that runs through "2012" like a fissure and keeps even its most realistic-looking disasters from ever feeling remotely real. Which may make it the perfect tonic to this particular ploy of the paranoia market.
good This is good but not one of the best movie he ever made but it is good, intense, cool, and enjoyable to watch. The fight scenes are classic. Glad I watched it despite the negative feedback it receives. Well done Jackie.
good The only reason why I gave It a 7 is because It has potential. I liked the beginning. When I first sow It at first I though that It's going to be a good series. The main problem with It is the writers. In stead of just making a good series the writers felt the urge to give the character some really weird personalities. either the are too dumb, too emotional, angry or the are just freaks. It's like the writers literally said ,,hey the story is too simple, so we should create our own awful one''. It really is sad to think If they just made a series about normal teenagers, instead of emotionally troubled ones, It would have been a pretty decent series. Hope It improves soon. Also why did they cast actors which, the ones playing the parents look 30 years, and the ones playing their kids look 20 years old?
good  The Bicycle Thief is without a doubt De Sica's masterpiece of Italian neorealism filmmaking. It is a true landmark in cinema history.A man who has been unemployed for months is finally given a chance at a job putting up posters. He and his family have been living in poverty for months, and are very exited to hear the news. The only requirement for the job is a bicycle. His wife pawns the sheets off of their own bed in order to buy the bicycle. And, as you can tell from the title, it is stolen on his first day of work. Now, without it, he and his son search the crowded streets of Rome for the only thing that can give him back his dignity as a man.This is a simple, but very powerful film and I found the relationship between Bruno and his father especially touching. The final scene is a true captivating moment as Bruno witnesses the true nature of man and the world we have created for ourselves.Don't miss this film, to call it a classic would be an understatement.
good Ginny (Kate Winslet): "When it comes to love we all turn out to be our own worst enemy"Woody Allen is such a genius! At age 82 he continues giving us art, art, and art. His films continue being brilliant, and making us think, feel, smile, and cry. And that's something for which I will always be thankful to him.Wonder Wheel is just another jewel of his. The music is beautiful and nostalgic, and the cinematography (Vittorio Storaro: the 3 Oscar-winner cinematographer of Apocalypse Now, Reds, and The Last Emperor -who previously worked with Woody Allen in Café Society) is absolutely brilliant: super long shots, 50-ish colors, big close ups, and a very special light. The story of the film and the feelings of the characters are really well written, and Kate Winslet's and Jim Belushi's performances are absolutely amazing. With a taste of Radio Days, A Streetcar Named Desire, and Match Point, Wonder Wheel appears like a jewel in the middle of this cinema age of superhero millionaire productions full of espectacular special effects but empty.Wonder Wheel is a drama. Nevertheless, there is also a bit of humor inside the catastrophe (that refine humor that Woody Allen knows to tell so well): the son, the fires, the post-session with the psychiatrist...I was very surprised that neither Kate Winslet nor Jim Belushi got a Golden Globe nomination for their stunning performances, and that Vittorio Storaro and Woody Allen hardly got any nomination. Oh, well, all these awards are really stupid... Let's see if the Oscars will be more fair, although I really doubt it...Go see Wonder Wheel today and enjoy this cute masterpiece!The best: Woody's writing, the cinematography, the music, Kate Winslet's and Jim Belushi's stunning performances, the Caroline and Ginny blue light scene, and the phone call scene.The worst: nothing.10/10
good  Deep Blue Sea is very good shark movie. The cast is different and the acting is good especially by Jackson.Thomas Jane and LL Cool J was good and the scenes between him and his bird were funny.Saffron Burrows is really a good actress and a very good looking woman!I was disappointed that the great talent of Ronny Cox didn't say not one word:( The music by Trevor Rabin was great and the effects are awesome! I was surprised by who got killed and who lived. The making of Deep Blue Sea on the special edition was really good! If you like Jaws then see Deep Blue Sea because its just as good!
good  The first common misconception about Rocky, and something that's almost inevitable when you put a half-naked Stallone with boxing gloves on the cover is that it's a fighting movie.  In that time it would fall into a category including Jean-Claude Van Damme and Jackie Chan.  Now don't get me wrong, I like both of these actors a lot, they're among my favorites, but Rocky is not just another cheap movie about a man who like to win a fight or tournament because he deserves it (Bloodsport, Quest).  Instead of a fighting movie we should say that it is a movie about a fighter.  That changes the context altogether, it means that sure he has fighting on his mind but has other personal issues that are demonstrated throughout the movie.  In fact in the whole movie there are two fight scenes (at the beginning and at the end) which together add up to about 15 minutes.The rest is the portrayal of a man who has never had it easy in his life but nonetheless keeps his heart.  That is to say that he keeps his moral and ethics, just keeps on trying no matter the hardships.  A MAN WITH A DREAM... an un-realizable dream to be frank.  But in the end, a lot, even most, of our dreams are un-realizable... but we try anyway.  The difference here is that this man is given a shot at his dream, a "one-in-a-million shot". It's something that we all would like so we can relate and CAN'T HELP but cheer for him at the end of the movie.The largest portion, in minutes, of the movie is actually devoted to the love theme between Rocky and Adrien.  So that should maybe make this a "love story" movie instead of fighting movie.  Adrien is another of his dreams, slightly more attainable which is why he devotes more of his time everyday to trying to attain it (her).  She won't open up to anybody but in the end, with a certain amount of tenacity on the part of Stallone, she can't help but fall for the heart deep inside the rough exterior.Another theme here is that of fraternity between Rocky and Mickey, his trainer/manager.  In fact THE MOST TOUCHING SCENE in the whole movie in my opinion is one of about 15 to 20 seconds long and without any words.  It's when Mickey goes to see Rocky at his home the first time to see if he can manage him.  Rocky gets angry with him but keeps it to himself until Mickey leaves, at which point Rocky takes it out on the door jam and yells at Mickey who can still hear him outside.  Rocky's life is being turned upside down by this whole "fighting Creed" business and although it is his dream, he doesn't know how to deal with it and is scared to get mangled in the ring, knowing he's not of the same caliber as the champ.  The touching scene is when he realizes that he has yelled at an old man.  His heart takes him out into the street after Mickey, he joins him and shakes his hand.  The beginning of an enduring friendship which will ultimately lead to tears in a later film (Rocky 3 and 5).This movie simply seeps with "classic", and by the end you know you have just seen a movie of courage, of the portrayal of "the indominable spirit of man" (Rocky 3).  No matter the difficulties, Rocky's heart takes him through it all.  It doesn't fit the mold of today's classics (like Private Ryan) with melodrama and grandiose scenery, just a simple movie, with simple qualities but very large meaning intricately woven into the fabric of the film itself by Stallone and the director John G. Avildson, with the musical overtones of Bill Conti.  A classic from a different age, and the mold of a lot of movies to follow.
good a nice film with a Sci.Fi. pretext, using clichés, a story with too many holes, sketches of acting and a generous theme who has no force to survive to the end. the premise is generous and the the first scenes - a good point. but, maybe, the real problem remains the absence of a clear perspective about the script. because, at the end, it is a kind of salad. moral dilemma, selfishness, a drawing of pink love story, an end who seems be generous improvisation for a project without clear sense. short, a strange film. or only expression of good intentions. because , except the desire to use too many subjects, it gives nothing else. except an easy love story, confuse, unrealistic and too modest to be interesting.
good  I think this movie is amazing for reasons I was not expecting. I had heard of Yasujiro Ozu's "Tokyo Story" for several years but never had an opportunity to see it until Criterion resuscitated it as part of their DVD collection. Over fifty years old, this wondrous 1953 film resonates just as deeply today. Those outside Japan rarely get to see a Japanese film classic that doesn't involve samurai warriors in medieval battles. This one, however, is a subtly observed family drama set in post-WWII Japan, and it is the quietude and lack of pretense of Ozu's film-making style that makes this among the most moving of films.The plot centers on Shukishi and Tomi, an elderly couple, who traverse the country from their southern fishing village of Onomichi to visit their adult children, daughter Shige and son Koichi, in Tokyo. Leading their own busy lives, the children realize their obligation to entertain them and pack them off to Atami, a nearby resort targeted to weekend revelers. Returning to Tokyo unexpectedly, Tomi visits their kindly daughter-in-law, Noriko, the widow of second son Shoji, while Shukishi gets drunk with some old companions. The old couple realizes they have become a burden to their children and decide to return to Onomichi. They also have a younger daughter Kyoko, a schoolteacher who lives with them, and younger son Keizo works for the train company in Osaka. By now the children, except for Kyoko and the dutiful Noriko, have given up on their parents, even when Tomi takes ill in Osaka on the way back home. From this seemingly convoluted, trivial-sounding storyline, fraught with soap opera possibilities, Ozu has fashioned a heartfelt and ultimately ironic film that focuses on the details in people's lives rather than a single dramatic situation.What fascinates me about Ozu's idiosyncratic style is how he relies on insinuation to carry his story forward. In fact, some of the more critical events happen off-camera because Ozu's simple, penetrating observations of these characters' lives remain powerfully insightful without being contrived. Ozu scholar David Desser, who provides insightful commentary on the alternate audio track, explains this concept as "narrative ellipses", Ozu's singularly effective means of providing emotional continuity to a story without providing all the predictable detail in between. Ozu also positions his camera low throughout his film to replicate the perspective of someone sitting on a tatami mat. It adds significantly to the humanity he evokes. There are no melodramatic confrontations among the characters, no masochistic showboating, and the dialogue is deceptively casual, as even the most off-hand remark bears weight into the story. The film condemns no one and its sense of inevitability carries with it only certain resigned sadness. What amazes me most is how the ending is so cathartic because the characters feel so real to me, not because there are manipulative plot developments, even death, which force me to feel for them.I just love the performances, as they have a neo-realism that makes them all the more affecting. Chishu Ryu and Chieko Higashiyama are wonderfully authentic as Shukishi and Tomi, perfectly conveying the resignation they feel about their lives and their children without slipping into cheap sentimentality. Higashiyama effortlessly displays the sunny demeanor of a grandmother, so when sadness does take over in her life, it becomes all the more haunting. In particular, she has a beautiful scene where Tomi looks forlornly at her grandchild wondering what he will be when he grows up and whether she will live to see what happens. Even more heartbreaking is the scene where Shukishi and Tomi sit in Ueno Park realizing their children have no time for them and are resigned to the fact that they need to find a place to sleep for the night. The closest the film has to a villain is Shige, portrayed fearlessly by Haruko Sugimura, who is able to show respect, pettiness and conniving in a realistically mercurial fashion. Watch her as she complains about the expensive cakes her husband bought for her parents (as she selfishly eats them herself) or how she finagles Koichi to co-finance the trip to Atami or how she shows her frustration when her parents come home early from the spa. So Yamamura (familiar to later Western audiences as Admiral Yamamoto in "Tora! Tora! Tora!") displays the right amount of indifference as Koichi, and Kyoko Kagawa has a few sharp lines toward the end of the film as the disappointed Kyoko.But the best performance comes from the legendary Setsuko Hara, a luminous actress whose beauty and sensitivity remind me of Olivia de Havilland during the same era. As Noriko, she is breathtaking in showing her character's modesty, her unforced generosity in spite of her downscale status and her constant smile as a mask for her pain. She has a number of deeply affecting moments, for instance, when Noriko explains to Shukishi and Tomi how she misses her husband, even though it is implied he was a brutalizing alcoholic; or the touching goodbye to Kyoko; or her pained embarrassment over the high esteem that Shukishi holds for her kindness. Don't expect fireworks or any shocking moments, just a powerfully emotional film in spite of its seemingly modest approach. The two-disc DVD set has the commentary from Desser on the first disc, as well as the trailer. On the second disc, there are two excellent documentaries. One is a comprehensive 1983, two-hour feature focused on Ozu's life and career, and the second is a 40-minute tribute from several international movie directors.
good ...or is this the darkest black comedy ever made? I just find Casino so amusing and funny that I hardly even notice the grim violence and harrowing drama. I also think that Casino is far, far superior to the over-rated Goodfellas. Even though it's longer, it passes in a breeze. Casino is just so colorful, multi-layered and intricate despite it's apparent simplicity. The film has three different characters narrating the story but none of it feels like exposition and it's never over-bearing.Adapted from a true story, the film focuses on the fictional Tangiers Casino in Las Vegas. The boss is Sam 'Ace' Rothstein, his wife, volatile hustler Ginger and his psychotic 'friend' Nicky Santoro. All they needed to do was to keep the cash-flow at the Casino steady to satisfy the bosses back home. But it was just never meant to be. And everything implodes at the end.Casino is filled with dozens of sub-plots, tangent stories and brilliant side-characters. James Woods is especially funny as a lowlife con-man who can't even win a fight with a ten-year-old girl. Vinny Vella also amuses as long-suffering Artie Piscano. But it's Sharon Stone who walks away with the movie. Despite starring opposite loads of well-established male lead actors she owns Casino. She was absolutely robbed at the Academy Awards when they gave the Oscar to Susan Sarandon. Stone delivered a performance so authentic that it's truly unfair the amount of criticism she gets for her other, less-important films.The violence will satisfy gore fans. In this lovely film we have a dope with his head in a vice (after getting icepicks in his balls), a truly brutal beating with baseball bats, some moron getting a pen shoved into his neck and a cheater getting his hand mashed by a hammer. Don't let this put you off, that was the old Vegas. Nowadays you just get told not to come back.I know most people will call it sacrilege to condemn Goodfellas but Casino is just the better film of the two, plain and simple. Better lighting, far more impressive cinematography and more entertaining characters. It just has so much going for it that Goodfellas did not.
good I enjoyed Spider-Man 3 quite a lot. However, there were so many problems with it that I ended up only "liking" it instead of loving it like the first two films.Let me get to the pros vs the cons:THE GOODThe Effects: Birth of Sandman is the coolest effect on any film I can remember. Amazing! The fight scenes were also incredibly well realized. The Humor: J.Jonah.Jameson had some hilarious moments - especially his first scene. Bruce Campbell plays a waiter (Maitre D really) in a French restaurant, and it is probably the best scene in the whole movie! Peter dancing! The Action: The first Sandman vs Spidey scene was very exciting. Maybe the best battle sequence from all three films. CGI-Venom looked great in the whole four-minutes of screen time he got. All the fight-scenes were EXCELLENT, well choreographed and exciting.The Acting: James Franco has improved much as Harry. Gwen Stacey was much better used than I expected. (And she was beautiful!) Thomas Haden Church was perfect for Sandman! Topher Grace did a fine job as Brock, not so great as Venom.I guess that is a good intro for...THE BADVenom has WAY too little screen time. His story was too rushed. Sandman is made to look like a good guy, then bad, and at some points we're not sure what to think. Do we feel sorry for him? Fear him? The filmmakers couldn't decide, and it shows. The Costumes: Harry's mask was just ridiculous! Seeing Brock's face in the Venom suit looked stupid. And the Dark Spidey suit wasn't "alive" enough. It just looked like a suit, not a living organism. The Score (music): Some parts were OK but some parts were SO bad it ruined the scene! An example is the over-scoring of the first Dark-Spidey scene (where he's hanging upside down looking at himself in a building window). It was painfully bad, screaming out for the audience to be amazed. Like holding up an applause sign. Tacky. Then there were plenty of similar moments, mostly in other action scenes. American Cheese: Spidey landing in front of a HUGE, randomly placed, waving American flag. The camera panning back from a crying MJ and Peter atop a huge building, to make sure we see a sunset in the background, etc. Manipulative tripe. The evil-dudes team-up in the end was very contrived. I didn't buy it. How Spidey deals with Sandman in the end was also quite silly. Not cool at all.The biggest problem is trying to squeeze too much into one film. Spider-Man 3 should have been about Sandman and Harry/Goblin. Venom should have been held back for the next one. The fourth film could have been all about Venom, giving him more screen time and the treatment he deserves.I know this was Sam Raimi's original plan (not to include Venom in this film) but Avi Arad convinced him to add Venom into the story, for the fans, since everybody loves Venom.Too bad Sam didn't follow his plan. I doubt he'll come back for more now. Let's just hope he gets to make The Hobbit (unless by some miracle Peter Jackson gets to do it after all).Thanks for reading! :)
good  "Das Boot" is a classic. This film couldn't be more intense and emotionally draining. It is a work of genius. Jurgen Prochnaw gives a spectacular performance as the German U-Boat Captain. The acting is first rate as the cast of characters is as realistic and believable as it gets. Don't watch this film unless you are absolutely prepared to immerse yourself into the drama of life as a crewman aboard a German submarine during war. This is a very rare portrayal of battle through the eyes of our enemy and will actually have you cheering for the "bad guys" at times. This is a one of a kind movie that must be seen to be believed. Words in a review cannot describe the experience of "Das Boot." A tremendous film! A 12 on a scale of 10!
good  War movies have been biases to one side or the other. This movie does not make hero's or enemies of the German U-boat sailors. Instead, it grips the viewer with realistic depictions of what it was like to be a U-boat sailor for the Gemans in WWII. It starts off with young (17 year old to 25 year old) who have been filled with propaganda about the war effort and glorious battle. After this young crew of immature sailors start to experience the true horrors of war, you can not only see, but experience with them the boredom, laughter, camaraderie, team work and death. In a world where you have no windows, where your ears have to be your eyes, where a cat and mouse game is played and the looser dies, these young men age 10 to 15 years It makes the viewer realize the horror of submarine warfare in WWII. The most realistic war movie I have ever seen.
good I didn't go into this movie expecting much – certainly not amazing space shots, or extraordinary visual artistry – but I was absolutely taken with this film. Asa Butterfield stole my heart away in the film Hugo and in this picture, he is once again ideally cast. He is wonderful as Gardner Elliot, the first baby born on Mars, trying to find himself, love, and what earth is all about. Carla Gugino as 'the best mother he never had' is also perfectly cast. I was impressed, also, by Gary Oldman. Britt Robertson as Tulsa, the street smart kid Gardner connects with on earth is okay, but why is it that every time I look at her I see a young Renee Zellweger before she had her face totally redone and became somebody else? I think it's maybe the mouth, not sure, but I kept seeing Zellweger anyway. Not that she didn't do a good job, because she did. Perhaps a bit over the top on occasion, but that's likely due to her script more than anything. All in all, this is a beautiful story. And I was surprised to see places here on earth with a new eye – "What's your most favorite part about Earth?" – and the beauty of it all. The sensory overload in Las Vegas was absolutely believable and fitting. I really did enjoy this movie and will likely buy it when it comes out in DVD. I liked it that much.
good  Gosh, I don't know how many times I studied this play and performed it in high school, not to mention how many television shows had an episode that was inspired by 12 Angry Men. It was always a great drama because of the raw human emotions that were so true and remain timeless, this play will never be dated. I couldn't wait to see this movie when I saw it at the video store and it was the first movie I slipped into the DVD player. First off, I was incredibly impressed with the credits, we not only had Henry Fonda, we had Lee J. Cobb in the cast! This movie was so well performed and such a treasure, god, I couldn't ever say any words to justify it. I've done this a million times, but here is another summary of what 12 Angry Men is all about.12 jurors are about to make a decision about a murder case, over all it seems like an open and shut case with tons of evidence that would make any good man look guilty, an 18 year old boy is about to be put to death if convicted. 11 of the men vote guilty, only one vote holds them back and they have to discuss the trial once again due to one vote being not guilty. Jurour #8 refuses to just jump to conclusions and brings up incredible possibilities that can always make a man think of "reasonable doubts", one by one the jurors begin to see the points he is making, except for one stubborn #3 who would rather just pull the switch to the chair himself.12 Angry Men is a timeless tale that could either be told very badly, i.e. 7th Heaven, or incredibly well and bring out terrific performances like Henry and Lee did. Actually, the whole cast was terrific, there wasn't a performance that was off key, movies like this are so needed in Hollywood today, it was so simple, but added so much for a 30 minute play. Please, if you have any taste, you will truly enjoy 12 Angry Men and have a great appreciation for it! 10/10
good  I love this movie. I didn't love it until I'd watched it a couple of times.And I didn't love it quite so much until I'd read Harvey Greenberg's "Movies on Your Mind." But I now think that, within the strictures of its budget, it's about as good as it can get. Sam Spade is a marvelous character in this film. He gives practically nothing away, while gathering information from others simply by letting them talk, kind of like a shrink.And it's hard to believe that they could have found a cast that fit the templates of the novel so perfectly. Sidney Greenstreet IS the "fat man." Peter Lorre IS the queer. My nomination for best scene: When Greenstreet attempts to peel off the black enamel from the captured bird and finds that it's nothing but lead and begins to hack away at it, as if it were alive and he were trying to kill it. Nothing is more amusing than a fat man lipid with rage.If you see this one, and I hope you do, make note of the phenomenal black and white photography. (I hope you have a good connection.) Watch, for instance, the glissade of the camera when Bogart says, "You have brains. Yes, you do." In case you're worried about this being too sophisticated for enjoyment by an ordinary audience, I should mention that I showed this (in one connection or another, I forget) to a class of Marines at Camp Lejeune. They enjoyed the hell out of it, especially the scene in which Mary Astor kicks Peter Lorre in the shins.Don't miss it.
good My, my, there is some hate for this movie. I did not read the book, and it seems that most of the disappointed reviews are coming from those who did read it and are unhappy with the film version. Putting that issue aside, there are not enough good murder mysteries being made, like Wind River. Nice bonus is that the scenery is spectacular, and the movie is filmed beautifully. It's the story of two detectives from different backgrounds, working together to track down a serial killer in Norway. The pace is slow, but not boring, though I was admittedly ready for the pace to pick up about half way through. The revelation of the killer is not an OMG moment, in spite of the director's attempts to lead us down different paths. This film reminded me of The Crimson Rivers, with Jean Reno. If Frosty the Snowman had an evil twin brother...
good An avid movie watcher with high standards but this is the first time I felt compelled to write a review. I occasionally browse over reviews once I finish a movie to see what others thought, and maybe be filled in on subtle details I may have missed.I was however disgusted reading a variety of reviews here of shallow minded people that not only put pieces of the puzzle incorrectly together, but couldn't appreciate the superb performance of the main roles.**Don't listen reviews saying "The book was better** Rarely can a movie pack the punch of a book with hundred's of pages into 2 hour movie. To those that haven't read the book, we couldn't care less about details being changed in the movie.It takes a while to get into the movie being that perspective's of multiple roles are shown to give full context. but it all gets neatly wrapped up for a climax at the end. Usually I like to pick apart flaws and poor acting but this was all believable and satisfying. It's a drama/mystery/thriller so you wont be finding any sunshine and butterflies here. Dark and sad is the theme.
good "What is wrong with you, young men? All the time, I will kill, I will kill... Who gave you the right for that?"I wasn't familiar with Estonian cinema before Mandariinid (Tangerines), but I will definitely be keeping my eyes open for Zaza Urushadze's upcoming projects because this was a fulfilling experience. I know the Academy doesn't always get it right, but at least it gives me a chance to check out films that I wouldn't have heard of otherwise. Urushadze's greatest strength as a director here comes from focusing on the story, which he also wrote. It is a simple anti-war film with a powerful narrative and strong performances that benefit from an interesting premise. Urushadze doesn't try to astonish the audience with great visuals or overload us with gruesome action scenes like most war films, but rather focuses on the humanity of each character and does so by centering the story in a small local community where only two men remain. He reduces the Civil War taking place in the Apkhazian region and focuses it on how it affects two local Estonians who have decided to stay in their farmland instead of seeking safety back in Estonia. Ivo (Lembit Ulfsak) and Margus (Elmo Nuganen) are neighbors who work together. Margus has a tangerine plantation (which explains the somewhat terrible title) and Ivo is a carpenter who makes the boxes for their transportation so they collaborate together. Since the war broke out, everyone in the land has returned to Estonia, but these two men have decided to stay. Ivo is a determined and wise old man who doesn't take sides in the war. When a conflict breaks out in front of their home, two soldiers are seriously injured and Ivo takes them into his home. The soldiers (Giorgi Nakashidze and Misha Meskhi) are enemies and we are expecting the tension to break out once they fully recover. Ivo knows this, but he also believes he can teach them a lesson through his acts of kindness during this terrible time of war. The film is effective and accomplishes its purpose of delivering its anti-war message by focusing on the humanity of each one of the characters. Lembit Ulfsak delivers the best performance of the film. He gives a quiet and calmed performance. Despite all the hate and hurtful things the two soldiers say to each other, he is always the voice of reason reminding them that they all share the same land and have equal rights. Ulfsak expresses this inner peacefulness very well from the opening scene in which some local soldiers come searching for food. He is the kind of person that would help anyone, even those that consider him an enemy. Elmo Nuganen is also solid as Margus who has a strong relationship with Ivo and looks up to him. When the two injured soldiers appear at their doorsteps the balance is disrupted and the war comes knocking home. So we clearly see how war takes its toll on everyone, even those who have nothing to do with the fighting, affecting their business and their lifestyle. Giorgi Nakashidze and Misha Meskhi deliver solid roles as these enemies who call a truce out of respect for Ivo while they are in his home. I found the simple premise for this film as a strong way to carry out its message by reducing the big scale of the war to a small local village, but still portraying it as something terrible. Some might consider this too simple of a story or too improbable, but I think it was a quite affecting way to deliver its message. I enjoyed how Zaza Urushadze decided to approach this material and would definitely recommend it.
good This was a HUGE disappointment. One would expect a somewhat good movie on the grounds of who co wrote and directed this movie, Duncan Jones. Duncan Jones first movie, except from a short, was Moon. A great movie that won him a lot of awards, and every person with knowledge of movies would forever remember the name of Duncan Jones because of Moon. His second movie was Source Code, a good and well crafted movie. Warcraft was his third movie. A disappointing box office haul and mixed reviews for Warcraft. The planned sequel is on hold, indefinitely. I think all the previous movies has something special in them, and i enjoyed watching them. Moon is a very good movie, and definitely the best Duncan Jones has made. On the other side of the spectrum we find "Mute". This is the worst movie from Duncan Jones, by far. The story is a mess, and I just don't get it. It's an attempt on sci fi noir i believe. The only thing bright in this boring and messy movie is Paul Rudd, who steals every scene he is in. It wouldn't have been a Cinema movie, but straight to DVD if it wasn't for Netflix. If you have other options, i would stay away from this movie.
good Just saw Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and was surprised, to be honest, at how incredibly GOOD this film is. Here is a craftsman (or artist, if you prefer) at the top of his game. Some of the shots are simply incredible; the score is, for the most part, vintage Tarantino selections- and the RZA does a very good job at filling the blanks; Uma Thurman is a great female lead, for sheer presence (and decent acting chops). Even Lucy Liu, who I expected was going to re-hash her Charlie's Angel character, burst on the scene like a flaming nunchuck.The stringing together of the scenes was impeccable. The transitions, the intercutting between dialogue, the flashbacks... I simply could not get enough. Tarantino IS, indeed, having fun here. He is giving us a film that may not go down as a classic, Pulp Fiction style, but that shows us what is yet to come. I doubt that he's lost his writing talents (as some have claimed), and I actually disagree that the dialogue in the film is "poor", or that there are "no memorable lines" (Empire). The kung-fu genre has never been a particularly good park to display Shakespearean writing virtuosisms. The lines work fine. The plot is simple enough, but Tarantino takes a burger and serves it as "steak tartare with sauce au poivre and asparagus terrine". He basically manages to cram so much information into the film that plot is simply irrelevent. What is relevent is the Bride's thirst for blood, her primal sense of vengeance and our total devotion to her. Bill, of course, is one of the greatest characters to ever NOT appear on screen. Overall, a great movie and an example of how a filmmaker's tool is not his pen: it's his eye.
good  The godfather trilogy is an exclusive set of movies that will continue to live with humanity, every generation will see them to say, "Oh that was 10 out of 10." If you watch them you will know that the world that lives inside the underworld is same as the one we live in except that people in underworld are so smart, in fact smartness is the only thing that can keep them there. Don Vito Caroleone's early life shown in part-II is very well done to show the Don in making, how a kid who couldn't even tell his name went on becoming a underworld don who keep most senators, judges and lawyers in his pocket. Meeting of don with the so call five families are among most impressive scenes.A saga that goes on for 9 continuous hours takes you around various walks in life of Mike (Don's younger son who become Don later), his school days, love life, personal life, family life, business life, political life and religious life. How all of these different roles Mike plays in his life and how intertwined these are.I enjoyed watching these movies so much, I wish I had seen them much before then I did. Its amazing to see how the Part-III was made 18 years later the part-I was made and everything looks so continuous if watch them together.I need not say much! The Godfather father trilogy been around for a while and everyone knows that they are great set of movies, its just the matter of when you actually get to see them.Watch them! Kudos to Francis Ford Coppola! -Vishy
good  It's the late 2020s and London is ruled by a fascist government. A vigilante known only as V is trying to stop the government from ripping people's freedoms away by using a danger plan involving terrorist attacks and well timed murders. The movie follows Evey, a young woman who plays the key role to V's plan without even knowing. The movie starts with V, the vigilante, jumping down from the rooftops and saving Evey from a group of England's oppressive law enforcement. Afterwards, he inquires that Every come with him to see something he had set up. She reluctantly follows to see that he has blown up a government building and hacked into all of the speakers around the city which he had made to be shouting classical music as the building exploded into the night sky, fireworks streaking through the air. As the movie goes, gets into trouble as he sends a message to the whole town over a government frequency about how they have been censoring everything and stands for and stifling the whole city to ensure their rule. He also comments that in one year of the explosion he will act again, but even bigger and more destructive. The rest of the film follows Evey as she tries to survive on the run as the year passes. This movie focuses a lot around the idea of rights and how the government can control its people. Throughout the movie we see the government use censorship to control how the people act and feel. During V's first terrorist attack he plays classical music. The government bans this music from being played to do this to try and make people forget the event. Another instance in the movie where censorship came into play was near the end when they banned any clothes that looked like V's clothes to try and deter people from helping him or following in his footsteps. This movie is great representation of why civil rights are so important and is in general a really great movie.
good The Circle is a movie based on a novel by Dave Eggers. It stars Emma Watson and Tom Hanks and it's set in a near future where they have this company called The Circle which is pretty much like Google, but even bigger. Emma Watson stars as Mae Holland, a young woman who gets a job in the company, but when she sees what the company really is doing, which side will she take?I have read the novel and even though it was flawed, it was an interesting read, so I was kinda excited about the movie. The movie isn't perfect, but it's not nearly as bad as everyone says. I didn't find it boring at all, you just need to get invested in the story and know that this is not your typical dystopian story. This really shows what life might be like one day, so not much major events happen. That made it feel a bit more realistic, but it also made it feel a bit forgettable. That's the biggest flaw of this film. It makes quite an impact on you when you finish watching it and you won't be able to stop thinking about it for the next few hours. But that's more because of the message, not because of the movie itself. But that message will get under your skin. You will shiver during some scenes in the second half and especially at the last shot. And the creepiest thing about it is how easily a large percentage of humanity could be tricked by propaganda. That's extremely well shown in Eamon Bailey, the charismatic leader of the organization played by Tom Hanks. He's smart, he's funny, he's down-to-earth, and he's very likable. And that's the scariest thing. He's one of those people who would probably manage to talk you into killing yourself in less than 5 minutes. He's such a charismatic presence and Hanks was the perfect choice for the role. Regardless of his plans for the future, you just can't hate this guy! That's how easily we can be brainwashed and the movie warns us about a lot of things going on in the world right now. When you finish it, you will think a lot about the points this movie made. Oh, and I forgot to mention, I also like how they eliminated some extremely unnecessary subplots from the book and made the story a lot more straightforward without any distractions.Overall, even though it's not amazing, I recommend this film simply for the message itself. It's really not that bad.
good I'll never understand why some movies end up rated the way they are. This is one of those movies. It's not groundbreaking. It's not mind blowing. But it is a great example of what a quality movie is. The acting is good to excellent. The cinematography and visuals are exceptional. The story is a little odd, but so what? Since when does a movie plot have to be within the realm of "Normal"? It is what it is, and this one actually all comes together relatively well. The pacing, although a long movie, is actually pretty good. You'd think 2-1/2 hours is too long. After watching this movie, I'd have to disagree considering the fact that everything that happened contributes to the story and slowly builds suspense. I can see why some people don't like that, but it's unfair to rate a movie poorly simply because you don't like the style. It's not a frantic seat-of-your-pants thriller horror movie. Why do people insist on rating movies how they think they ought to be, or how they thought it was going to be, and not simply how it is?I sit here and can't help but think I might be completely crazy. I just finished watching "Transformers: The Last Knight" before this movie. That movie was incredibly bad. I mean, literally the only thing going for it was special effects and, a few of dozens of attempts at humor that were actually funny. How on Earth is the aggregate user score only 1 point lower than this movie? That blows my mind. Or how about "Get Out"? I liked that one too, but I cannot fathom how it's better than this movie in any way! They are both "it's not what it seems" type thrillers. Is it because of the racial element or something? I'm sorry folks, but "A Cure for Wellness" is a far better movie in every way. I implore you to watch this one if you enjoy "it's not what it seems" type movies. I can't remember enjoying one like this since "shutter Island" with Leonardo DiCaprio. Don't believe the 1/10 reviews on this. It's a shame people have to be so shallow and misuse the rating system. If people rate this movie anything less than 6/10, it's because they have no idea how to judge elements of a film. The only legitimate gripes about this one are the length and the slightly bizarre plot. But those are elements that worked for it IMO. After using IMDb for years to get my reviews, I just now decided to make an account. Because I can't stand seeing a very good movie like this rated so low. It's a 8.5/10 movie and nothing about it is bad at all. You may not like it, but you can at least try to be objective about it and give it a rating it deserves... I mean, come on people. Captain America is 8/10 and this is 6/10!? Give me a break...
good  "A Classic is something that everybody wants to have read but nobody wants to read. A classic is also something that everyone praises but no one has read." -Mark Twain'Classic' seems to be the word used to describe "Scarface", Brian DePalma's 1983 film about opulence, self surrender, greed, and danger among Florida's drug ring. People and critics (and rappers for that matter) deem this film 'an epic gangster classic' or 'eptiome of gangster films.' When it is anything but. It is praised for all the wrong reasons. Scarface is a terrific film that deserves praise from all over, but not all the praise it gets from audiences today, and therefor the fine points it so poignantly makes are missed by the general public.First off, the film is about a Cuban refugee, with a past of wanting to escape communism grasp and find happiness. Simple? Yes. But the layers of De Palma's directing genius, and the great story written by Oliver Stone (yes I know, he actually wrote a real good one here) play into all of it. The characters are all looking for an escape, as escape is a natural element dealt with in the film by all. Each character has something to offer, that makes them likable by everyone who could appreciate this film. They are entwined in a world of mystique and money, but all that has a price, as they all learn. Each character thinks they are getting better chances in life, when in true dramatic irony, they are actually getting worse. 'Tragedy' would be a better word to describe this movie. All those who praise the film for it's drug usage, it's violence, it's dialog, totally missed the point. There is nothing really positive about the film besides the characters positive expectations of themselves. And that is why the film works so well. The devastation through out the film serves to deliver the message of the film, not to look cool or attract viewers. Brian De Palma doesn't make movies for cult gangsters, or brainless action fans.Next on, the film is an adult drama. It is not a 'gangster film'. It has it's share of action, but the action is plotted very carefully, so it has a point. It's not like "Aliens"- an example of a big dumb action film, and most audiences perceive this film as a big dumb action gangster film about doing drugs and shooting people. Ridiculous. Hogwash. If this film is about that, then it is about how bad it is. Not a promotion of it. This being said, the film is indeed a great film. It has great cinematography that pulls you into the story. It has a very dramatic score (in true Giorgio Moroder style), which simply could give you chills, or bring you to tears. The film is rather lengthy, but it is a story, and each moment counts. The acting is terrific. Al Pacino - enough said. He can do any role that he puts his mind to, and this was no exception. Pretty boy Steven Bauer, as Manny. I didn't think much of him in other films he did, but he actually makes you like him when he goes under maestro De Palma's direction. Michelle Pfeiffer is a true gem as Elvira. Popping' fresh off the heels of a sort of embarrassment in "Grease 2" she got her ticket to ride performing a no holds barred performance of a beauty that is more than meets the eye. But the three true diamonds in this rough are Mary Elizabeth Mastrontonio as Tony's sister Gina, who when she smiles, or cries, we see her soul and her fresh way of living, and watch it deteriorate; Paul Shenar as Alejandro Sosa, a drug lord, who runs deeper than a river, and Shenar portrays him as so; and Miriam Colom as Tony and Gina's torn mother. These three dig the film as deep as it can go. This reviewer learned one main thing when watching "Scarface" for the first time. Always go into a film unsuspecting. All the hype and talk of this film cannot possibly prepare you for what you really see. Only knowing De Palma (like I do) can give you even a glimpse of what this film holds. So ignore the rap crap, ignore the mindless violence supporters, and fix yourself a glass of Bailey's on the rocks, and indulge yourself in an emotional viewing of a great film, the real "Scarface."
good As much as I like Ethan Hawke, I have to say this is the worst movie I've seen in awhile. That is, the worst movie of any kind. It's 100% derivative, with virtually every plot element lifted from some other, better movie. Nothing is explained, the action makes no sense, people say boring recycled things, etc. It's as if the writers--all three of them--got together and watched a bunch of TV shows from the 90s and then wrote this in a couple of hours. Where and how do production "companies" get funding for junk like this? (Warning: I've seen two crappers now from Saban Films.) Maybe they didn't have any funding. Oh, and did I mention?--lots of slow-motion flashbacks too. Aack.
good  I vote this movie ten out of ten because of the great cast and also the great suspenseful creepy feel of the film the whole deep undertones of the score of the movie keeps you very interested in whats going to happen next every time I watch it. You can tell that Mr. Carpenter had his heart and soul imposed in this tale of great suspense and horror. He was a genius when it came to that. Really wish movies were made like this today instead of props they use CGI which is hollow and see through, especially in lighted scenes CGI looks totally fake but in this film the special effects were so real looking that it still amazes me today. Kurt Russel is so spectacular in this movie I just want to keep watching.You could really tell that there was chemistry on the set between the actors in this film. A perfect combination of great talent great directing and great film work. I always love revisiting this horror classic remake of the original black and white film. Has so much more power than the original because back then Hollywood was so afraid of the world and as I watch old films that are in black and white it's almost as though they dumb down the audiences even though they were much smarter than they thought. Hollywood was different back then they couldn't do anything remotely bold on screen back then because of being afraid it would get banned. Well in this version Hollywood has evolved thanks to movies like the Exorcist,Texas Chainsaw Massacre and Alien. They have become much more liberal.That's the reason why this film works so well, it's because Mr. Carpenter took a movie and did the things that the original directors couldn't do like add gore and more abstract ideas because back then they couldn't. Another reason why it works is because it's a great story to tell, just ask the question what would you do in this situation stranded in the middle of nowhere being attacked by an organism that adapts to everything it touches. That's what makes this classic retelling so good it's just a movie that has a simple idea and let's the paranoia grow in your mind. Knowing that if the thing touches you your life is going to be mimicked into something that you do not know. I will always love this version don't care about future remakes won't watch it because they will just fill it with CGI and actors from popular teen dramas that's all Hollywood cares about now is how popular the actors are. They don't care about real story telling anymore all they care about is money and popularity. Screw that I'll stick with the classics until they realize what people like and crave so screw Hollywood they don't know how to make pictures anymore it's not about the art it's about cheap thrown together remakes and what makes a quick buck screw'em I'll just keep watching these great masterpieces when they still loved to make a great movie and put their heart and soul into it.
good I had the chance to see this movie. As with most, I didn't have a chance to see any trailers so I had no idea what to expect.In a word, I would call the movie unique and not just another fairy tale movie like all the others. These have a darker twist to them and a fate and/or consequences for those involved. The movie has definite pluses and minuses.Definite pluses: the music, the costumes, the beautiful exotic settings, the special effects, and the acting and choice of cast. All were very good.I'm neutral on the separate plots. Some people say the plots are related and some say they aren't. I guess that's up to the viewer and how he/she interprets them. I'm not a particular fan of the macabre.Definite minus: the movie as a whole piece of work is kind of a mess. The three stories jump around and there is no smooth time line of events. They are all kind of just thrown together. A visual mess.Another minus: the ending. It just ends leaving you hanging and wondering what happened to certain people. This movie is so unique that is can have such exceptional cinematography but yet have such jumbled up plot lines.I guess the only main theme across all the stories is about obsession and how it can affect you and those around you if it is not kept under control.
good  I can't say enough of the animation, which I thoroughly enjoyed. Despite this, I'm not sure what message the film sends, besides being a child-like distraction. Maybe that's the point, and I guess that's OK for kids, but nothing really stands out in a cohesive way for adults. Another possible message involves the tension between childish innocence (as represented by Totoro?) and the worries of growing into adulthood, though I'm not entirely sure what that message is other than being true prima facie.All in all, the film is too ambiguous in the conflict department, and as a result is lacking in immersion for the viewer. Even children's films deserve better than this. Though also a flawed and somewhat rambling film, I prefer Spirited Away.My Neighbor Totoro gets 2 out of 4 stars.
good  I left the theater in 1995 after seeing the original Toy Story strangely moved. I was only six years old, and I'm not sure I had even fully grasped the revolutionary CGI for what it was (it probably just registered as animation to me, and I didn't quite understand its impact), but I did know – at least on a basic level of storytelling – that it was fantastic. Four years later I went to see the sequel with my younger sisters and felt the exact same way I had the first time. Even at a fairly young age I knew there was something special about these films.Many times nostalgia has to compensate for quality (or lack thereof) in your perception of entertainments as you age. Suddenly Mac and Me isn't as awesome as you once found it to be. You revisit films from your childhood and learn to appreciate them based solely on the memories they conjure up, trying to block out the reality that, hey, This kinda sucks.That never happened with the Toy Story movies. As I grew older, as I saw them more and more times, they only seemed to improve. New layers appeared – adult humour that I never appreciated when I was ten but suddenly blindsided me. Characters that revealed new depths; emotional scenes that only became increasingly poignant and meaningful, like that amazing scene where Buzz first becomes aware of his own mortality as a toy that can't really fly, or when he learns to cope with that fact by embracing the fact that he can instead fall rather well (with style).The point of this rambling trip down memory lane is that Toy Story, the whole legacy of it, means a lot to me. I grew up with these pictures and never tired of returning to them, and they were always there for me like a good friend is. I approached Toy Story 3 with the slightest of reservations, fully trusting Pixar, and yet wondering how they could possibly produce anything that would live up to such high standards.Well, suffice to say, they did it – if Toy Story 3 isn't the best of the series, then that's merely because it comes eleven years after the last one and it hasn't been given some time to work its full magic on us. This is every bit as engaging, heartwarming and funny as the first two films – but it's also the saddest, most human and most moving.The plot has already been outlined by other critics, so I don't feel a need to recap anything. Nor do I want to inadvertently spoil any key moments (and please, for your own sake, avoid reading too much about the movie before going to see it – some reviewers are a bit too keen on giving away the ending, although it's understandable given how surprisingly emotional it is).The introduction of new characters is seamless – Ken (voiced by Michael Keaton) is hilarious but thankfully not overused, and the other assorted variety of toys, including Lots-o'-Huggin' Bear (Ned Beatty), are fine additions to the series.And Woody and Buzz (Tom Hanks and Tim Allen, respectively) pick up right where they left off, and you feel, in a weird way, like you're visiting old pals. The movie features the best animation of the trilogy, and the second half – which is darker than the two previous installments – makes excellent use of lighting and cinematography. The climactic finale is incredibly intense (especially for a "kids movie") and features particularly impressive visuals. Many reviewers have noted that they cried during the finale, and even I must admit that I came pretty close.In a summer full of bores, disappointments and under-achievers, Toy Story 3 is not merely the first thoroughly satisfying motion picture of the season – it's the only truly moving one. It is fairly ironic, perhaps, that we must turn to movies about pieces of plastic to find such poignant reflections upon human nature, but then again, I'm not sure I'd want to have it any other way.
good  Watched an edited theatrical version, in which all nudity and lovemaking sequences are completely chopped, with some/most of the violence as well (specifically, the Sam Jackson torture sequence) and they stand out as obvious gaps over the course of its running length. Though Josh Brolin performs (mostly) well, he also seems to be one of the weakest link here, with expectations from the character both at the beginning and at the end of the movie proving too much for him to handle, and both Lee and he have elected to go for camp on both the occasions, and (I think) it proves to be a major mis-step. His performance in the middle part of the movie though, keeps the movie afloat. Jackson's perfect, Olsen's weak, as is Copley (miscast?) and not for lack of trying. Lee's reverence is in evidence, but this take needed to be something else, since the original pretty much was the definitive version of this Japanese Manga adaptation. Imperioli is also wasted, and that's sad, since it's a strong character otherwise. Quite a comedown for both Lee and Brolin, though I'm sure their future work/collaborations might try to make up for it (Sure hope so). Though I'm sure this one's better than the version that Will Smith and Steven Spielberg were gunning for. I had hopes for this one, but ...
good  This is the first Iranian film I've seen, and I'm recommending it to every-one I know. It is so well-crafted; the twists of the plot throw up new moral dilemmas for all the protagonists, which are explored sensitively and without judgement - so refreshingly unlike mainstream American films. I felt sympathy for all the characters, even the threatening Hodjat, full of misplaced rage which often erupts volcanically. And as a footnote, the film felt like an intimate view into a society that our news media portray as monochromatic and extremely foreign. (I am writing this a few days after the UK embassy in Tehran was ransacked)
good  First time I saw 8 1/2 over twenty years ago; I did not like it then and I did not care much for a confused director who did not know how to make his next movie or how to deal with all women in his life. This time it was different. I knew it from the opening scene, from the first sounds of Nino Rota's music. I wanted to know how Guido would balance the demands of his producers and the insecurities of his love life. I sometimes barely could tell the difference between the reality and Guido's surfing the waves of his memory or building the Utopias in his mind where things were exactly the way he wanted them to be  and I really did not want to tell the difference. I just was there, following Guido on his journey where Fellini sent us. Then, that scene came, "La Saraghina's" lurid dance on the beach. There was something in that scene that made me return to it over and over again. What was it? The dancing woman was not young, pretty or graceful. On the contrary, she was fat and ugly but there was something about her  that smile, resilience, the promise of joy that attracted eager schoolboys. It was a last time the young Guido felt happy without guilt and shame that inevitably came after the encounter and stayed with him forever; he learned that joy and punishment are inseparable There have been fewer than a handful of films that affected me as profoundly as 8 ½ did:Tarkovsky's "Zerkalo"  when the master holds the mirror in front of you that reflects his soul and mind, open you eyes and heart, don't say a word, just watch closely.Tarkovsky's "Andrey Rublev"  What is talent? Is it a God's gift or Devil's curse? Is an Artist free in choosing what to do with that gift?Bergman's "Persona"  How far can one individual go in opening his soul to the other without losing identity and sanity?Fellini's "Nights of Cabiria"  "Dum Spiro  Spero" - While there's life there's hope.In 8 ½, Fellini explored all these subjects and in the final he took the idea of life and hope ever further: after all the characters in his film disappear from the screen, all what left behind is "a little orchestra of Hope with Love as its conductor". The last that we hear is the magic music of Rota, bringing affirmation, hope and love.Simply wonderful. Perhaps, one of five greatest films ever made.
good Found footage movies are often pretty predictable and sketchy, but project almanac isn't. Unlike other movies of this genre, the pace is kinda slow, which is appropriate for the story. When you build a time travel machine, it is normal that it takes multiple attempts before it works. Even though sometimes you may wonder why the characters are still filming their journey, it's not disturbing enough to prevent you from focusing on the plot, which is a good thing. There's also a good love story and some funny moments, in addition to a breath taking last act. I'd compare it to the Canadian movie Chronicles. Overall you'll have a great time watching this movie, even more if you are familiar with this genre.
good Riveting and marvelous film by the genius cartoonist Hayao Miyazaki , it's a classic cartoon movie set many years from now , a dangerous, desolate post-industrial world of the future where rules the strongest law . This magnificent cartoon movie concerns about Nausicaa legend, a young princess and heiress to the throne living in the far future who attempts to understand and feels it is wrong to destroy the toxic jungle. This fascinating and haunting adventure set in the post-apocalyptic wasteland world by the great Hayao Miyazaki and happens upon a thousand years after a nuclear war left the Earth as an aftermath , with the barren and stark lands . Human race has destroyed the Earth in the "Seven Days of Fire". Now, there are small pockets of humans that survive . Warrior/pacifist Princess Nausicaä desperately fights to avoid two warring countries from destroying themselves and their dying . The Valley of the Wind, a small community commanded by King Jil battles for survival as the kingdom attempts to defend the Valley from gigantic Ohm bugs and toxic plants that live beyond the Valley in the Sea of Decay . The Valley is invaded by the Tolmekian warriors who scheme to destroy the Sea of Decay by utilizing the greatest monsters that caused the holocaust. Nausicaa goes after the pirates, severely damaging their aircraft but she is gunned down . After Nausicaä is caught , Nausicaä breaks out and goes beneath the Sea of Decay where she learns the toxic plants are not poisoning the air and are purifying the world by draining the air of radiation and toxins. Later on , Nausicaa join forces with the creatures Ohms and makes a friend ; both of them will confront on the air taking place overwhelming chases , pursuits and dogfighting on the skies and set out to the Valley and foil the Tolmekians schemes of unleashing the Great Monster Warrior.This wonderful film is plenty of fantasy , adventures, spectacular dogfighting and with agreeable message. The picture is narrated with sensibility and sense of wonder and is quite entertaining , as is apt for small kids but no contains graphic violence such as ¨Monokome-Hime¨ and similarly contains an ecologist message. The film packs lively situations , hilarious scenes , spectacular images and culminating in an impressive confrontation with breathtaking ending . Note that the foreign release titled Warriors of the Wind is an adaptation well restored and remastered from television series and released in cinemas , being entirely kiddiefied rendition that edits the original episodes heavily, thus creating a completely diverse tale . All roles have multiple dimensions and display really astonishing humanity . The drawings have a special ancient touch that conveys the forgotten wisdom of the past that could really affect the way you interact with others and with the ambient . This stunning film with appropriate runtime , converted the first of any kind to gross over the box office in Japan and around the world. The motion picture is splendidly realized by Hayao Miyazaki and accompanied with sensible music score composed by his usual musician, Joe Hisaishi. Miyazaki also directed other excellent cartoon movies as ¨ Ponyo , Howl's moving castle, Chihiro, Nicky , Porco Rosso , My neighbor Tororo , Castle in the sky ¨ and many others . Sensational and fantastic tale, it's a masterpiece cartoon movie , a great animation with an enjoyable meaning . One of a kind, if you enjoy interesting stories and have a soft spot for deep characters and well planed scenarios, you are in for a great one. Rating : Better that average , worthwhile watching ; advisable to see for children and adults who appeal the gorgeous drawings .
good  Loved this movie! The kids loved it too. Great animation and original voices.
good I think the only reason I didn't give this a 10 was due to the ending which wasn't bad but wasn't great. I think it's almost impossible for a horror to give a satisfying ending.Lydia Wilson is captivating and amazing as was the rest of the cast but Lydia... well couldn't take my eyes off her.Great show. Hoping for S2!
good  I will be honest with readers. I only really watched the first 30 minutes of this Hollywood blockbuster. What I did do before I settled down to watch it, was look at the rating on IMDb. 8.6 out of 10!! This must be great, like many other reviewers, I believe my low rating is a reaction to the absolute travesty that many movies are being rated so highly. The original Mad Max movies had a young and charismatic, unknown Australian actor called Mel Gibson in them. They had some plot and believability. This had so much money thrown at it, supposedly around $150 million, that the whole world view of Mad Max was gone. Hundreds of vehicles driving around in the desert. A community of thousands, with clearly no problem with water or food, even though the baddie turns on the water and lets in pour into the sand and then turns it off, and tells his people not to become addicted to water ??? Words are failing me, to describe how badly I feel. Any young people out there reading this, should watch Mad Max 1-2, skip the Hollywood version, thunderdome. Honestly, once again left speechless with the true awfulness of this film.
good  You can read the plot details on the other reviews, and you've probably seen the earlier version with Bronson.Did you enjoy the original "Death Wish?" Did you enjoy "Die Hard?" Do you like Bruce Willis in general?Got at least one out of three? Go see this.In a word: WOW.
good In Australia in 1976, a young girl named Mary (voiced by Bethany Whitmore) is a lonely child looking for a friend. She lives with both her parents but her mother is a chain smoking drunk and a thief and her father, who works in a factory putting the strings on teabags, would rather spend time with his collection of dead birds. Mary remains curious about life and finds the address of an American living in New York. She writes him a letter to become his pen pal. The recipient is Max (Philip Seymour Hoffman), a severely overweight Jewish hypochondriac and full-time no-hoper. Gradually, as they send each other letters, Mary and Max's relationship develops and we begin to learn more about their past and their heartache and insecurities of being alone.Following the short animated film, Harvey Krumpet, director Adam Elliot has constructed his first full feature claymation picture, displaying as much skill as many of the major mainstream studios. The film has been immaculately designed, with many tiny details and features placed into the sets, all of which would have taken many countless hours to mould. The lighting and colour scheme too are significant to the unique look of the film, ranging from highly saturated to almost entirely black and white, to reflect the self-depreciative and sometimes gloomy tone of the narrative. It is a film made of great patience and craftsmanship.Yet the strongest asset of the film is the humour of the screenplay. Whereas many mainstream animated films such as Shrek and The Incredibles adopt a great deal of hilarity from their pop culture references, Elliot has an eye for the simpler things in life. From the way Mary and Max share their eating habits of chocolate hot dogs, to how Max describes his past jobs, including a street cleaner and a member of the Communist Party, the humour of the film remains truly original, bizarre and often very witty. Elliot excels in his ability write about the most normal things and then turn them on their heads, or degrade his miserable characters in the most hilarious way. Yet there are moments of poignancy too, such as where Mary describes her difficulty at school as she is teased for the birthmark on her forehead, that provide the film's screenplay with a subtext - no matter how simple – about isolation and the need for friends.The use of Barry Humphries' voice over to convey much of the story is initially highly annoying and intrusive. In the opening scenes it feels overly used and distracting from the story and the detail of the scenes. Gradually though, as the film moves from its opening exposition, the voice over is used slightly less and its scarcity achieves the storybook quality and poetry that it deserves. Barry Humphries reads his lines beautifully. The rest of the voice actors too are splendid. Philip Seymour Hoffman is again in fine form, adding a slight accent to his voice and the decision to model his voice with a character of a similar physique fits nicely. He is quickly become one of the most diverse actors in the world. Bethany Whitmore as the young Mary is equally impressive too and her voice has a real innocence about it. Toni Collette and Eric Bana also have much smaller roles too. It is a well thought out voice cast and while some of the minor characters verge on grotesque, there is still a real sweetness about this film that carries it.Elliot has described his film as being suitable for everyone. This is rather optimistic. I don't know how particularly young children, who have been conditioned by the more mainstream animated titles, would appreciate the film. It is extremely funny for the most part, but there is also a real sense of gloom around these characters that might not be as appealing to children. And towards the end, the film, despite being well under two hours, begins to lose a bit of momentum as the characters wave in and out of their depleted lives. Perhaps the films message of learning to live with your flaws and accepting the path life has given you is something that children, even if they don't entirely understand now though, needs to be seen anyway. Regardless, it remains a mostly sharp and funny film that many will find refreshing and engaging given the home-grown talent involved.
good  The opening shot of ONE FLEW OVER THE CUCKOO'S NEST is a bleak  glance at an Oregon morning.  Stirring, haunting music plays gracefully on the soundtrack and a car approaches.  Inside the car is one of film history's most remarkable characters.   "Randle McMurphy" is about to bring hope, humor, and a glimmer of reality to some disturbed people in a mental hospital. Jack Nicholson as "McMurphy", is something of a paradox.  Is this guy crazy or is he really the lazy, conniving criminal most believe him to be?  That is the magical mystery and start to a journey into mental illness and the effect this man will have on some truly messed up men.Milos Forman directs this all-time classic, which swept the Oscars deservedly, and holds up so well 25 years later.  It is a simplistic film about small people living in their own small worlds.  Manic moments are mixed with poignant acting all leading to an astounding climax.  Not before or since CUCKOO'S NEST has a collection of different characters had such an impact on me.  You could write a book report about each of the patients in the ward.  The two most important people here are, of course, Jack Nicholson and Louise Fletcher.Nicholson has his greatest moments in this picture.  One brilliant scene has him doing an imaginary play-by-play commentary of the 1963 World Series to the group, who are not allowed to watch the game on TV.  It is a poetic sequence and Nicholson goes crazy with his delivery, describing baseball with colorful anecdotes and profanity.  "McMurphy" immediately makes an impression on the crazies and shows them how they don't have to stick to the "normal routine".  He knows their names right away, he sprays them with water, he makes impossible bets with them, he introduces them to fishing, and he even gets a suffering young kid (played well by Brad Dourif) a "date".  Louise Fletcher plays one of the more reprehensible human beings in film as "Nurse Mildred Ratched".  She is a hardened woman, one who makes the daily meetings with the group a contest to see who will win.  Her stubbornness and lack of compassion for the poor guys is rather one dimensional.  That's perfect because that is exactly who she is.  Her strong will to keep things monotonous leads to a final showdown with the free spirited "McMurphy" in what is easily one of the most shocking and disturbing climaxes in recent memory.ONE FLEW OVER THE CUCKOO'S NEST does not try to make a statement about mental illness or how the unstable should be treated.  Rather, it is a very simple portrait of the long days and hilarious scenarios that can come about when a mixed bag of suffering people are thrown together.  Mental illness is nothing to laugh about, but the fact that Nicholson is not really crazy (at least in my opinion) allows us to be amused.  He seems to love his compadres in the hospital.  He is mislead, however, into thinking he can do as he pleases.There is no denying the power of CUCKOO'S NEST.  The two main powerhouse performances are golden, the cinematography is morbid and gritty like it should be, the "Chief" is great as Nicholson's right hand, ah, protagonist, and you care a lot about what will happen as the film moves on.  The famous, final shot ironically happens to be an exit of a major character into that bleak, Oregon morning. NOTE: I have never read the book and I find it hard to believe author Ken Kesey has never watched the filmed version.  Comparing a book to a movie is impossible.  They are 2 distinctly different artistic methods of story-telling.
good Coco tells the story of young boy named Miguel living in Mexico (Coco is his great grandmother). Miguel loves music and must keep his love a secret from his family who has forbidden music of any kind since the days of his great great grandmother. On Día de Muertos, Miguel wants to enter a contest to showcase his musical talent, but his grandmother intervenes, reiterating the family's ban on music. In his hunt for a suitable guitar to play, Miguel finds himself in the land of dead, meeting the spirits of those who have passed on. On his adventure he meets his musical hero, much of his deceased family, and a strange man who asks for his help and quickly becomes a close friend. Along the way, Miguel helps his new friend and his friend helps him understand the true significance of Día de Muertos. Of course, the title character (Coco) turns out to play a vital role before the movie is over. When the moment arrives, she delivers something powerful, and it's beautiful. It moved me in a very satisfying way that felt well-earned and authentic, rather than manipulative, the way many movie moments of this sort feel. Quick sidebar: when I took Spanish in high school, my teachers would occasionally incorporate culture from Spanish-speaking countries (usually Mexico) into the lessons. In some of these lessons, I learned about Día de Muertos. Sort of. I'm not sure if the lessons were lacking or if I just wasn't paying much attention to them. Regardless, I learned more about Día de Muertos from Coco than I did in four years of high school Spanish classes. In high school, my understanding of Día de Muertos was that it was basically a Mexican Halloween. They raised spirits from the dead and played music or something, as I understood it. It seemed silly to me. After watching Coco I realized that the tradition is anything but silly. It's not about the dressing up or the food or the music. It's about family and remembering those that came before us. Leave it to Pixar to not only entertain me, but also educate me about a rich and wonderful tradition of another culture. Bravo!
good  This is my first ever review. I have been a reader of user reviews on IMDb for a few years and this is the first time I felt I had to write something about a film. I will try and not spoil the film for you. The film is based on a real story which took place in Japan from 1923-1935 about a dog named Hachiko who used to wait for his master's return at the train station everyday for 9 years even after his master passed away. That's the basic plot, the rest you just have to see to actually feel the story.Just finished watching this movie yesterday and still can't get it out of my head. A feeling of sadness has engulfed me after watching this. I am at a loss for words to describe this movie as no other movie has ever touched me so deeply. I was pretty much crying and sobbing the entire second half of the film and by the time it was over, it brought me down to my knees.Richard Gere was at his usual best but the real highlight of the film was the acting of the dogs. They were incredible in how they were able to portray the range of emotions through their facial expression and body language. The music throughout the film was brilliant too and that helped in driving home the felling of sadness and loneliness that Hachi went through.I had a dog too and it brings back memories of how sad and depressed I felt for a month after he passed away. I have experienced such undying, unconditional love and loyalty from my dog too and it made this movie extra special for me. If there was ever a movie that I will remember for the rest of my life, this has to be it. This is a must see for any person with a heart and soul. I know I am a better person today after watching this and I am confident it might also have the same effect on some of you. Thanks for reading and do take care whoever you are. Love your dogs and always remember that he will always be there for you even in your darkest, loneliest hours.
good Seen a lot of negativity in the reviews. Here's an explanation. 1. It is a 5th book from the Jo Nesbø, Harry Hole series.All the cool and fairly ,let's say important, characters you meet in The Redbreast and so on. Those characters in the police force are in all of the book series. You only meet Katrine Bratt, which is a new character in the book also. There is no explanation on Rakel or her son in the movie because it is explained in the previous books.Blame the directors of whoever thought it would pass as a good movie when people who haven't read the book don't know who is who and what it what. It looks like a mess, but it all has a story and explanation. Every single characterIf it was made from the Redbreast, Nemesis and Devil's Star (trilogy), Redeemer and the comes Snowman... Leopard, Phantom, Police, The Thirst. Then you'd have a lot ot positive reviews.Before you watch the MOVIE read the books from the beginning (including the Snowman) and you'll find the movie awesome. Because movie as a movie looks like The Snowman movie is based on a poorly written novel.Meet the characters in the book and watch the movie. You'll see how much better it becomes.I find the movie surprisingly awesome!!! But I know who is who and what's their story. The beginning is done different than in the book. In the book the kid from the movie is responsible for hia mothers death. He pulled the steering wheel so they would crash and both die. Bit the kid survives and hia mother dies...
good Long term, exclusive couple test their relationship by sleeping around! What could go wrong? Plenty of course, but "Permission" is more than a quirky, guilty pleasure premise. Heck it's not even a comedy. As our adorable love birds take their first baby steps outside of their cage, there is, dread, apprehension, fear, but mostly there is excitement. How Anna and Will deal with their suddenly evolving world is decent fodder for a serious movie, yet it is another couple that steals the show. Anna's baby craving brother and his reluctant boyfriend offer up a better plot line. Sometimes juicy don't cut it. This really is a tale of two couples, and unravelling the daily intimacy and neurosis of both relationships, with some terrific performances, is where "Permission" works best. It's a messy film with a whole lot goin' on, but manages to entertain while posing some interesting questions.
good  Sherlock, Jr. arguably exceeds The General as Buster Keaton's greatest achievement -- it is certainly more magical in its use of extraordinary special effects and unconventionally humorous situations.  Movies about movies are a dime a dozen, but rather difficult to do well.  Keaton's brilliant structuring of the story -- a fantastic treat for audiences when his pathetic projectionist becomes the genius detective through a literal entering of the movie screen -- has been imitated dozens of times, but I always come back to this unsurpassable rendering.  Watching Keaton play the scene where he studies how to go about kissing his best girl by peeking at a movie version of the same event always reduces me to simultaneous jags of tears and laughter.
good  On the face of it, MOM AND DAD is an oddball horror film about parents who suddenly and inexplicably turn into homicidal maniacs but only with respect to their own children.However, I'm frankly astounded at the number of reviewers, professional and amateur alike, who seem, from my perspective, to completely fail to "get" what MOM AND DAD is all about. In order to explain myself I'll have to depart from my normal style of movie review.Once upon a time, very long ago, cheap 'n' cheesy horror pictures of the drive-in theater variety had a certain unmistakable "style" to them. To really grasp this style would require viewing a collection of such movies to get a "feel" for them, but in lieu of that I'll give a list of common characteristics possessed by such films.The basic presentation could only be called "lurid", outlandish and over-the-top. Lower quality film stock was usually employed to reduce production costs, making the movie look sort of blurry and mushy, bordering on the out-of-focus. The sound was usually of poor quality, oversaturated and dull and featuring a narrow frequency range. A lot of the music had the sense of being canned and stock, often jarringly orchestral, sometimes almost drowning out the dialogue and sound effects and feeling inappropriate to the scene, almost like the music you would hear in porno flicks of the time, just sort of stuck on. There's almost always a consistent overuse of the low angle up-shot, giving many scenes and characters a distorted and menacing look. Shots of people's faces would be far too close up, giving their features a distorted and unpleasant perspective. And so on.MOM AND DAD is, in effect, sort of an "art-house film". It is made to be a homage to low-budget horror films from about four decades ago. It takes the setting of present-day and applies the horror filmmaking sensibilities of 40 years ago. And, may I say, in my opinion, it does so perfectly. And, also in my opinion, it should be judged accordingly.The plot line is lurid, ridiculous and absurd. It is SUPPOSED to be lurid, ridiculous and absurd. The plot is merely the Christmas tree upon which the ornaments of style and artistry are hung. It could have been a double feature at the drive-in with ITS ALIVE or perhaps NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD or maybe the original THE BLOB.Hopefully this explains to the reader why I gave MOM AND DAD a 10/10. I judge movies not by their mass appeal but by how well they accomplish what they set out to make, and MOM AND DAD hit its target squarely and I'm guessing it took a great deal of skill and artistic creativity to do it. It is both fun and creepily anachronistic all at the same time.Whether or not I would recommend that you watch it is more determined by who you are as a viewer than anything else. Like regular "art-house film" efforts, I would guess it's appeal is very narrow and well-defined. It's attempt to create a work of art is completely uncompromised by any desire to have broad appeal, and so it doesn't. If you're someone who lived through the source era and are down for a bit of nostalgia, if you're a film student or a buff, or if you enjoy exploring filmmaking styles, then you should definitely give this movie a watch. But if you're, say, a millennial who is thoroughly and permanently shackled to your me-only, now-only myopic mindset, you're not going to be able to grasp the point of making such a movie let alone enjoy it.On a final note, one particular scene of MOM AND DAD, literally perfect in every way and one of the funniest things I've ever seen, was one in which Nicholas Cage has just been subjected to an explosion by his kids, who are simply trying to protect themselves from his inexplicable homicidal rage. Cage reappears after the explosion looking much the worse for wear and sporting several Froot Loops stuck to his face from the explosion. This tableau captured every element of the plot, the style, and the point of the film in a single image. Anything other than Froot Loops would not have been so perfect. If this is not the image for the poster, it definitely should have been.
good I am very impressed by so much of the drama content coming from the BBC, this and Hard Sun show the Organisation's willingness to try something different, I love the constant psychological dramas and cop shows, but a change in tone is very welcome. Very creepy, very suspenseful, it felt like a drama that was penned for the BBC in the 1970's and given up to date acting, music and production values, the seventies was littered with awesome ghost stories, a genre that seems to have been sadly abandoned in recent times, who doesn't love a Ghost Story? So often ghost stories disappoint, but Requiem manages not only to look great, but it actually has some excellent content too, it gets better as it goes along. Very well acted, Lydia Wilson, Joel Fry and Brendan Coyle all stood out for me, as did Claire Rushbrook's very good Welsh accent.
good  I do agree with all the other positive comments, and just need to add that this is the very first movie about the former GDR I saw that is not something like a comedy. Flicks like "Sonnenallee" or "Good bye Lenin" definitely were great and funny, but unconsciously left myself (a West German) with the impression that the GDR has been a sort of "Mickey Mouse State" full of stupid but charming characters, not really to be taken seriously. After seeing "Das Leben der Anderen" this impression shifted quite a bit: there actually was suffering, killing desperation and a terribly claustrophobic atmosphere behind that wall. This might well be the most realistic depiction of the dark side of the former East Germany. Thanks to the Producers, actors and director for making this movie. 10 out of 10.
good  At the time, no one had done this: tell a story in the manner that Woody Allen did. Even though many films up until then were talky, with minimal action, with the exception of CITIZEN KANE, nothing of the sort prepared the audience at the time for what they were witnessing: scenes that introduced dialog between two actors much before they actually showed on screen. Scenes in which actors interacted with the past as if it were the present. Scenes in which actors who aren't in the same frame even when they are on screen talk to each other. Scenes in which what the characters are saying does not match their thought bubbles and we are privy to their thoughts. The discussion of an intellectual's work which suddenly produces the said individual, among many more.ANNIE HALL is a unique film that still looks fresh, even when the style in itself is very 70s. This is a story of a breakup told in a non-linear pattern, showing how these two disparate yet similar people -- Alvy Singer and Annie Hall -- came together, shared their neuroses, went through hilarious times and then went into the slow plateau that became their eventual separation. This is not the kind of story that Hollywood likes to tell and it's quite admirable that Allen was able to not only get away with it but to walk away with the major awards (as well as give then girlfriend Diane Keaton her own Best Actress award) because this being such an intellectual film and not one where the actors all look glamorous, it broke new grounds for a novel way of presenting a film.Groundbreaking is the definite term here. Had there been no ANNIE HALL, there would have never been ALLY MACBEAL or SEX AND THE CITY, two successful sitcoms that features inner dialog, people talking directly to the camera (and therefore winking at the audience), fantasy sequences, and modern views of how people react to each other. Balancing slapstick with drama, it is also one of the saddest comedies to ever been made and anyone who has seen the final sequence -- which plays out what the film has mentioned all along, that this is their breakup -- knows the heartbreak that unfolds over Diane Keaton's haunting vocals. One of the ten most influential movies of all time.
good Though generally categorized as a war drama, the newest picture from Georgian director Zaza Urushadze only uses war as a background to its moralizing and mightily effective story. There is a war, but it takes place within one household and is fought with words not weapons. Tangerines takes place in 1992 in a small village during the infamous War In Abkhazia, in which the mentioned country is trying to separate itself from Georgia. Only two men live in this secluded place, Ivo and Markus, Estonians whose daily lives consist of picking tangerines from the trees, in order to sell them later and earn money that will help them get back to Estonia and survive the war.One day, just in front of their homes, a fight ensues. After it's over, it seems that the only survivor of the deadly battle is Ahmed, a Chechen mercenary on a mission to keep Georgians out of the Abkhaz soil. The two villagers take the wounded man home and decide to bury the rest, but suddenly, in the middle of the burial, they realize that there is another survivor - a young Georgian soldier. They place him under the same roof with Ahmed. What follows is an intense and intelligent, but also spot-on hilarious, bloodless war between two fierce enemies, all the more engaging due to the fact that although there aren't any effective explosions or gunfights, the splendidly story knows how to keep the blood pumping.Tangerines is filled with many unexpected laughable situations and amusing taunts, but at the same time has some intense scenes that remind the viewer of the war that takes place off screen, and a few heartbreaking moments that may easily bring tears to one's eyes. But the most important aspect of the whole scenario is the bonding between all the characters. Under Ivo's watchful eye, the two enemies gradually become close to each other when they finally recognize the true power of compassion and kindness. It takes time, but after lots of insults and death threats the two men begin to see that prejudice against people is only a fictitious creature made by hatred and it can be quickly defeated by opening one's mind to new experiences.The moralizing side of the whole story might seem simple, yet the way it's delivered through that really well-written script is imaginative and profoundly touching. By seeing the enormous change that the characters go through in those tough times, one might actually ponder the true meaning of humanity as a entirety, without any boundaries caused by such trivial matters as different nationalities, races or religions. It's actually quite fascinating to observe how universal the story really is, and how easily adaptable to all sorts of flash points in our hate-ridden world.The premise is interesting, but the final effect is truly stunning. Honestly, I consider Tangerines to be the most captivating European feature I saw during Warsaw Film Festival this year and it should definitely be screened in more countries. By the time I finished the review, I knew that Zaza Urushadze won the festival's best director award, which is well deserved considering how his visionary approach to a hard and controversial topic made the movie an enormously enjoyable treat.Patryk Czekaj, Contributing Writer
good  Baywatch was brought back to life on the big screen after the most successful TV show in the early nineteen nineties. The show castes David Hasselhoff as Mitch Buchannon, and Pamela Anderson as one of the beautiful Baywatch babes, C. J. Parker. The movie in turn, has made people around the world feel ecstatic, heartfelt, and sometimes even anxious. In addition, several of the actors showed us each of the iconic characters in a whole new light. The movie starred Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson(as Mitch Buchannon), Zac Efron(as Matt Broody), Alexandra Daddario(as Summer Quinn), Jon Bass(as Ronnie), Ilfenesh Hadera(as Stephanie Holden), and Kelly Rohrbach(as C.J. Parker). The Hoff himself does a short cameo, along with Pamela Anderson in the film. In the first part of the movie, you see Mitch running alongside the ocean, watching everyone with eyes like a hawk. He stays calm, cool, and collect. However, Mitch still sticks to his job in a very serious manner ensuring, everything is as it should be, but with a warm touch. Later on, he gets even more assertive, as he has to deal with the brand new recruit Matt Broody, who thinks he is hot stuff because of his skill set, or the lack of. Matt Broody tries to get by with a half hearten work ethic, but fails miserably. All the while, having no knowledge of what a lifeguard is all about, and the never ending drinking habit. During which the offer lifeguards see him as some kind punk wanna be, trying to impress them. When instead, he proves he is just a total lazy butt, who craves everyone's attention. As the movie progresses, Mitch becomes more reluctant about having Matt on their team knowing he will just drop the ball again. The other lifeguards such as, Summer Quinn and Stephanie Holden even object him for a while. Broody has no respect for women, or what they do on a day to day basis to save their beach. Near the end though, he has a change of heart once he realizes the issue is much bigger than himself. I felt like the actors did an amazing job portraying their roles on screen. I definitely noticed how each character developed throughout the movie. I was also impressed with how the director, Seth Gordon, the whole crew, as well as the cast stuck to the story line the entire flick. The movie flowed smoothly from beginning to end. Also, Vaywatch had a very good message to give to the audience. Which it consists of looking out for your team, but doing it the right way, even if you have to go out of your comfort zone. In conclusion, I recommend Baywatch for people ages seventeen and older. There is language throughout, nudity, and crude adult content.
good This new film from Sebastian Lelio tells the moving story of a woman who goes home to her Orthodox Jewish community in London for her father's (a rabbi) funeral. While there, she falls in love with a woman she knew from the past. Lelio builds a stirring portrait of an Orthodox Jewish family that feels both close-knit and intricate at the same time. The culture of such a community is depicted in thoughtful detail without ever overshadowing the story's primary motifs and motivations. The film's script is uniquely written and mixes intense family drama with moments of dry humor or dramatic elements of a somewhat lighter tone. For those concerned that such shifts in the writing could make the film fear uneven, fear not: the narrative always feels satisfying from beginning to end. The film is able to use writing to generate genuine emotional power, although it takes time to build up to such a crescendo in the movie's quietly moving finale.As far as the acting is concerned, fans of Rachel Weisz and Rachel McAdams will not be disappointed here. Both actresses are outstanding in their respective roles, although I will say Weisz is slightly better. She is able to show a genuine range of acting technique in her role, and remains captivating for viewers to watch from beginning to end. My only real criticism of this film is that the pacing can be rather spotty at times, and can sometimes be slower than it needs to be given audiences' abilities to absorb plot details. While the film never feels boring or annoying at all (unless, of course, one only wants to watch explosions and CGI when you go to the movies,) audiences sometimes feel a bit ready to move on with the narrative before a specific moment in the film may progress. Otherwise, this is a great and thoughtful drama that addresses thought-provoking issues in the world today (religion, sexuality, and family) while boldly challenging audiences to consider their own responses to such issues themselves. Gladly recommended. 8/10
good After hearing people praise this movie, and seeing how much it was advertised, I was curious to see this. Now, I've never loved Illumination's movies, but I've never hated them either. I don't mind any of their films, but I feel like they're not as innovative as certain other animation companies. Hearing how much people loved Secret Life of Pets gave me a bit of hope that perhaps this movie would be Illumination's breakthrough. The one that would have the best animation, story, characters, emotions, etc.Unfortunately, Secret Life of Pets just ended up being another okay movie for me. Right when I saw the trailers, I was reminded of Toy Story with the plot. I feared that the plot would be predictable, and it definitely was. A few different things were thrown in, but as a whole, the story was pretty predictable. One of the different things that was thrown in had potential to be a really emotional scene. This is a spoiler, by the way. Anyway, Duke finds out that his original owner had died, which could've led into an emotional scene, like in Finding Dory when Dory was made to believe her parents were dead. But the whole scene failed. Firstly, it was told, not shown. A random cat just gives the news to Duke. Second, Duke barely reacts to this, despite the movie going out of its way to show us a montage of him with his owner. He just gets mad at the family that moved into the owner's home before getting caught by animal control. After that, it's never mentioned again. Duke is just fine with his owner being dead, and living with a new owner and Max. This really bothers me, since as I said, this scene had potential to be emotionally provoking. But it didn't take the chance.Our main characters didn't interest me. Max is just another typical good guy that just wants a good life. Duke was just another lovable big guy who may be a bit slow. However, the only characters that made me laugh/I enjoyed were Gidget, Snowball, Tiberius, and Pops. Gidget and Snowball were the ones that really shined, though. Gidget was just plain adorable, and hilarious. As for Snowball, I'm not a big fan of Kevin Hart, but he really did a great job for his first animated film. I personally prefer him doing voice work than him in live action films. He managed to make me laugh multiple times as Snowball. That bunny may be cute, but he's totally psychotic. As for the rest of the characters, they didn't really interest me. I don't hate any of them, but they were pretty generic.I also am sick of the Minions. They got old when their own movie was made. I won't mind seeing them in Despicable Me 3, since we'll only get small doses of them, but having them constantly shoved in our faces is getting annoying. The short that came on before Secret Life of Pets was just stupid. No experimentation with the animation or characters. Just plain stupidity. They also had one of the dogs in Secret Life wear a Minions costume, and I just rolled my eyes. Minions may make Illumination money, but not many people care about them anymore. I certainly don't.I do have some positive things to say about this film. The animation was impressive. I was particularly impressed with how they animated water, and the mannerisms of the pets. Which leads into the next thing I liked about this. I admire how much the creators of the film did their research on not just dogs, but most pets people keep. They were spot on with how dogs, cats, birds, etc. act. As a dog and cat owner, I appreciate the humor/realism that went into the pets, and they reminded me of my own pets.As a whole, this a cute, but flawed film. I wasn't impressed with most of the characters. The story was predictable. Nothing about this film was thought or emotionally provoking. However, I appreciated some of the film's humor, animation, and the research that went into the mannerisms of the pets. It's a shame that this wasn't Illumination's breakthrough. Sure, it's making a lot of money, but it's still just an alright movie. Hopefully one day, Illumination will make a film just as great as the likes of Zootopia or Inside Out. The Secret Life of Pets just isn't that film.
good  This is a fun movie, with marvelous performances by Laughton, Dietrich and Lanchester. Even the usually mediocre Tyrone Power fits his role to a tee. It's the best filming of a Christie mystery that I've seen.If you haven't seen it, though, read no further. For those of you who have, I would like to point out one relatively large flaw in the plot. Much is made during the final scene of Christine Helm's perjury. She even agrees with Sir Wilfred that she will go to prison, but teases, "it won't be for life, will it?"Is it possible that neither Christine Helm, Sir Wilfred Robarts, Billy Wilder, nor Dame Agatha herself noticed the rather stunning fact that every word Frau Helm spoke on the stand was the absolute truth? The revelation of the final plot twist could have been that much more dramatic had she asked Sir Wilfred, in their moments alone together at the end, "Perjury? What perjury? I committed no perjury. Leonard was guilty as charged. And all I testified about the letters was that I wrote them, not that they were true. They can't touch him, and they can't touch me, either."It's possible that the book ends differently, and this flaw was introduced in the adaptation. Not having the book handy, I can't verify it one way or the other.
good  I mean, seriously. What is it with this movie? I've seen it twice, read stuff about it, got a lecture on it, and I still can't see how anybody could call this movie a masterpiece. So Scorsese shows us a shot of an empty hall while DeNiro is talking on the phone. So what? And is the fact that he constantly makes us aware that we're watching a movie a sign of Scorsese's greatness? Even when it doesn't serve any real purpose??? I particularly dislike the ending - the lack of comment on the violence and the way Travis turns out to be a hero. Is this a critique of violence or a celebration of it? It is clearly not very hard to imagine someone inspired by Travis's resolution to "clean up the streets".Besides, I thought the film was pretty boring. Especially the second time I watched it.I think "Taxi Driver" is hugely overrated. But that's just me, of course...
good  I looked over a squad of reviews and was sad not to see anyone writing from Hong Kong. So I am putting in my piece.Hong Kong movies have changed a lot in the last decade and when Infernal Affairs came out it was a real change. I noted 'Golden Chicken' was mentioned earlier, and that sums up many of the lame comedies that have recently been churned out. However the comedy is a large part of Hong Kong cinema, as is the gangster genre. Infernal Affairs breaks with the comedy, keeps the gangsters (lau being a first class clean cut one - whilst Leung acts a remarkable strained police officer) and adds clever and intelligent tension. The acting is first class, as is the mood that truly captures the zeitgeist.This movie is about the two characters and their similarities and moral obstacles. It also has something subtle to say.This film was huge news in Hong Kong and the mainland. It is an important Hong Kong film. The US remake will be more clichéd than you can imagine. This film will translate, it is not that original, no. But it has substance and mood that is valuable.See it.
good How many crapola pageants have I seen in my life?  A ton of meaningless models parading around in swimsuits claiming to want to help the deaf orphans of the world while posing nude in some off the wall porno magazine. If you have ever seen - A dethroned beauty queen - A hacked off runner up - Or an incredibly stupid talent, then you just have to watch this movie. It is so incredibly hilarious at putting every single stereo-type out there. I remember watching Miss America years ago and Miss Indiana had a cow when she was named first runner-up.  I also remember some pretty lame talents like "I want to be a secretary" and these girls were top ten on national tv. William Shatner and Candice Bergen are A+++++++++++++ in this movie. Watch it and laugh for days.
good  **mild spoilers*** I thought this was a fantastic movie. All of the plots seemed well balanced, the screenplay was outstanding, the score really set the tone for the film and created atmosphere, the acting was at it's best from everyone, the action was outstanding, and overall it was a great, amazing, extraordinary film! The more evil spidey was simply fun to watch. It was a nice change of pace for the character and it really gave the movie its own separate kind of feel. It was different than the first two films. And that was a very good thing.This is also the funniest spider-man film. There are a lot of hilarious moments in it, and the best part is that they don't take away from the slightly darker tone of the film. They make it even more enjoyable than it already is.I loved the villains. Sandman was great, the New Goblin was great, and Venom was just absolutely spectacular. Topher Grace in an evil role was genius.Speaking of which, Topher Grace, who plays Eddie Brock, has some really awesome moments as well, and the transformation sequence from him into Venom was just great. The final battle scenes at the end with him are some of the best scenes in the series. He did an outstanding job in his role.Probably my favorite scene is the jazz club scene, where the more evil and edgier Peter Parker shows off his dancing talent (and later gets a little violent with some people). It was funny, shocking, and just plain entertaining. The evil Peter scenes are some of the best in the movie.The special effects were outstanding to say the least. There were, as usual, some parts here and there where they weren't as top-notch as they could have been, but for the most part, they were outstanding.Some people argued that the film was a little too long, but I think it was too short. It could have been even better if there were more Sandman, Venom, and evil Spidey scenes. Maybe one more Goblin attack as well. But what we got is still very awesome! Perhaps there will be an extended edition in the future, like what they did with Spiderman 2.There are only two flaws I can think of in the film. The first is that there is, in the middle of the film, a long period of time where we don't see Peter Parker in his Spiderman outfit. Now I didn't mind this, I thought it was great...but the problem is that this period of time might affect my future viewings of the film. Still, the first time I saw it, i loved that section of the film, I thought it was gorgeous.The other flaw is that in the final battle, some more fighting with Venom would have been nice. I mean there is a lot of fighting in the final battle between Spiderman and Venom, but the character of Venom was so well done in the movie that even more fighting would have better satisfied me. If it were also a little more violent, that would have been better too because it could have given the darker tone more justice. There is still a chance of an extended edition, though, and the final battle is still awesome.All in all, this movie was an outstanding ride, a true masterpiece, and one of the most entertaining movies i've seen in a long time. I'm not sure whether this is my favorite spidey film, but it probably is. It's an amazing movie, well worth my time. Go see it! I give it a 10 out of 10.
good K.C. Undercover is a refreshing, detective-based sitcom that introduces very different characters with many personalities. It's pretty funny and has diabolical schemes that hold one's attention; however, it can also be a bit boring at times. K.C.'s acting is very well done and her fighting is excellent. She is very energetic and realistic when she fights and her determination is very sharp. But, because her character outside of her spying is distant from people, the show can get a bit boring to watch. She doesn't participate in anything more than her spy work, which creates a monotony. The seriousness of K.C. is balanced well by her friend, Marissa, who does a good job of looking foolish. Every character acts very well, and there is no over the top screaming or obnoxiousness.What stands out is K.C.'s strong fighting skills and power. Many shows that take 'females' in such roles don't do a good job, when the wimps can't even wield a sword with force, obviously because they had no encouragement or open participation in sports as children and because of shitty stereotypes, etc. Zendaya, however, has all the power, energy, and strength needed to look strong. Her moves are very precise. And instead of wearing irritating, little pink skirts everywhere, she actually looks like a normal person who has more brain resources for important, real things. Refreshing and interesting. The show could be funnier, however.*7.5/10*
good  Yes, The Rock says every single clichéd action movie line I can remember. And yes, every one is hilariously predictable.Yes, the hot girl is wet and her cleavage is showing for most of the movie.Yes, every shot is crammed with mind-numbing amounts of CGI. Normally that bothers me, in this movie it just works. If you see it in 3D you will be drooling.Go see it right now, seeing this in theaters is the absolute best waste of 2 hours you will spend all year, and I am extremely confident that you will have fun.Remember that moment in Independence Day when the aliens blew up the white house? or in the Dark Knight when batman flips the whole 18 wheeler front-ways with his motorcycle? or how about when the entire city of London was demolished in GI Joe Retaliation? the handful of cool scenes in that weird Godzilla reboot?San Andreas is basically 2 hours of jaw-dropping destruction, epic sequences, death scenes, and interspersed one-liners. It's great. I'd watch the whole thing again right now.See it while it's in theaters. Don't think about it, just go.
good  The Princess Bride is one of those rare, but very perfect films that everyone once in their life time has seen. Just because it is such a loved film, how could you not love it? It has action, romance, revenge, sword fights, true love, humor, friendship, etc. I was only 2 when this film was released, but I still remember how much I was in love with this film at 4. I would rewind the tape and watch it over and over again, the funny thing was my parents wouldn't mind watching it with me, it appeals to children as well as adults. I think the reason why this was such a fantastic film was due to the fact that it was the perfect mixture of a fairy tale with humor, action, and romance. Rob Reiner really knew what he was doing when he made this movie; and it all starts with a grandfather simply reading his favorite childhood story to his sick grandson.Buttercup and Wesley are two farm people who eventually fall deeply in love, but in order to get money to get married, Wesley goes off to find a job and start a life for them. But when Buttercup hears of Wesley's death by pirates, she is taken away by Prince Humperdinck who is about to make her his bride. She is then kidnapped by three rebels who wish to start a war with the prince, Vizzini, Fezzik, and Indigo Montoya(who is on a revenge streak to kill the six fingered man who killed his father). But she is saved by an unknown pirate who later reveals himself as Wesley who escaped death, but Buttercup is taken once again right as she and Wesley are reunited by Prince Humperdinck. The prince orders to torture Wesley and kill him to keep him away from Buttercup, but Wesley ends up being saved by Fezzik and Indigo who will help him save Buttercup.The Princess Bride is a classic film that will never be forgotten. It has classic lines like: Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya, you killed my father prepare to die. And of course INCONCEIVABLE repeated constantly by Vizzini. The acting is perfect and the sets are just amazing. Of course who could forget Billy Cristal and Carol Cane's great performance of the miracle worker and his wife? They were just priceless. Please watch this movie, it's one of those movies that's just impossible not to like, why not to like it would be inconceivable.10/10
good  An extraordinary cinematic confection and probably Wes Anderson's greatest film. Ralph Fiennes plays the concierge at the Grand Budapest Hotel in the 1930s, which exists in a fictional European country in the Alpine range. He has a habit of keeping some of the old women who stay at the hotel company. When one (Tilda Swinton) leaves him the valuable painting Boy with Apple, Swinton's evil son (Adrien Brody) frames Fiennes for the murder. Fiennes' closest companion, the hotel lobby boy Zero (Tony Revolori), and his girlfriend (Saorsie Ronan) conspire to free Fiennes from prison and sell the painting for loads of money, hopefully enabling them to leave the country, which is being overtaken by fascists. The story isn't much more than fluff (though there is a nice tinge of poignancy), but it's enormously amusing fluff. The highly amusing trailer did give away many of the film's best gags, but this is a laugh a minute movie. The visuals are absolutely delightful. Sure, it's all nothing you haven't seen before from Anderson, but I found it his most perfect accomplishment. The film is loaded with great cameos and little roles (the woman behind me almost had an orgasm when Bill Murray appeared), but my favorite was Willem Dafoe as a toothless heavy.
good In the year 1999, "The Matrix" and "Fight Club" were undoubtedly the best films of the year. The Matrix was truly revolutionary in special effects, specifically in CGI (Computer-Generated-Imaging) technology. The still cameras that were used to capture multiple angles of a single shot, in bullet-time technology, was a creative new approach. The film is initially suspenseful with people not knowing quite what was happening until Morpheus (Lawrence Fishburne) reveals that Neo's (Keanu Reeves) reality was actually a fabricated world that is an elaborate simulation created by machines. Neo and the majority of the world's inhabitants have been stuck in simply a mental simulation prison. The magnitude of philosophy in sync with special effects make "The Matrix" a one-of-a-kind movie masterpiece. College classes show this movie in their philosophy class, and at the same time can prove to be one of the best special effects movies ever. Supplementally, "The Matrix" also provides endless action and a pretty solid storyline that influences the philosophical ideas in the movie. There are so many great things in this movie, it is just crazy.The color palette along with the time and effort put into stunts also accelerates this movie on all filming levels. "The Matrix" leaves the viewer a sense of pride in the world he/she can live in to just know that people are capable of creating at this level. Unfortunately, monetary and timing motives offset the potential quality of the sequels. "The Matrix Reloaded" and "The Matrix Revolutions" were just a waste of time and weren't carefully thought out, as was the first Matrix. 10/10
good this great epic has  - without any doubt - exquisite value as an achievement in the field of moviemaking. the movie is really great by every means and has definitely deserved all the nine academy awards it had won back in 1982. one watches it, breathless, for all three hours, as if it was just 15 minutes long. but there's more. after 9-11 and all the things we have seen happen recently, this great biopic about this extraordinary man is especially worth recommending. it is worth seeing especially for this one line ghandi says in the film: 'eye for an eye will make the whole world blind'.
good Here begins the greatest cinematic epic of all time, and arguably one of the greatest stories ever told. Originally conceived as a serialized popcorn movie in the manner of the old action movies that Lucas grew up with, Star Wars surpassed even George's keen and bombastic imagination to become a central part of movie history.There are countless tales of the making of this movie; how Lucas never believed he would get the chance to complete the series, how it spawned an industry and made the name of nearly everyone who touched it a household word. But what that does not reveal, nor do the much diminished prequels, is the sheer joy and excitement these movies generated.It was a once in a lifetime experience. You could feel it from opening day, earlier if you paid attention to such things. We had never seen anything like it, and we are not likely to again.This episode finds young Luke Skywalker yearning to leave the agrarian life he has with his aunt and uncle, and chase after adventure as his friends before him have already done. And what adventure there is. The galaxy is in the grip of a massive rebellion against a tyrannical and oppressive empire, but on Luke's home planet, it's something you only dare speak of in a whisper.Along come two robots, "Droids" for short, who inadvertently involve Luke in a stellar attempt to contact an old wizard named Ben Kenobi, who lives in the caves near Luke's home.The rest is history, and there isn't a person alive in the civilized world who doesn't have at least some awareness of the epic story that unfolds. Luke's rise from adolescent obscurity on Tatooine to a leading role in the greatest struggle of all time is told with humor, action, adventure, and always a sense of story that is unmatched on the screen or on the page.With the completion of the prequel trilogy, these films are enjoying a renewed popularity among a generation that never saw the films on the big screen, and the theatric revivals are almost guaranteed. Go. Get some popcorn. And may the Force be with you.
good Stop reading right now if you find gross-out comedies repulsive and don't like legitimate, well-known actors doing disgusting things that could ruin you for seeing them in any more serious efforts in the future. I love seeing actors let their hair down and go for it in the spirit of having a good time themselves and (more importantly) making audiences laugh while doing so, and "Rough Night" is a very good example of exactly that. Everyone here clearly had a terrific time on set, I have no doubt some of the funniest dialogue was improvised, and that kind of free-spirited energy spills over for the benefit of any willing audience members who are there to go along for the ride and have a good time, too. Yes, the film could've used a quicker editing pace, does flag just a bit a few times, and cutting it to a 90-minute-ish running time would've likely made it an even tighter, funnier, zippier ride. But I mean to emphasize the most important thing: I laughed--a lot, and so did the audience around me. All of the main ensemble are a hoot, and one of the reasons I love this genre of comedy is discovering new talented comedians I didn't know before, usually in smaller supporting roles--here it's Paul W. Downs as a soon-to-be-married "6" (out of 10--the script's reasoning for his friends rating him a 6 are hilarious) who decides no one's going to stand him up at the altar. His efforts to fight back are easily one of the best running gags in the film. I'm a huge fan of Kate McKinnon's--sometimes just the way she facially reacts to other actors' lines can have me lost in belly laughs--and she's a standout here, but everyone genuinely pitches in and goes for it--and I love 'em for it! Good comedies are so rare these days, and I run to every one on opening weekend to pay to support them, hoping more will be made. Overall the mainstream multiplex movie fare leaves me wanting these days, and I hope all-out comedies, there for no other reason than to make us laugh and lighten our days, never go away.
good My girls love it. Songs have been stuck in my head daily since watching it.
good I really wanted to like this and was waiting years for the sequel.How disappointing.There isnt much I can say but the new characters arent a patch on the originals especially the male lead.The story was poor and as it seems to be an asian production the martial arts nonsense was added to cater for the Indonesian audience and I note that the two main actors from THE RAID are in this as well.I see some reviewers think the martial arts was good - IT WASN'T , it was terrible - just watch the first scene with the guy and the tree, false punches that never land and the guy from the raid whose knife spin almost fails but they kept it in the film lolSadly the special effects and decent CGI don't make a movie and it isnt a patch on the excellent low budget original even though they had more money to use in the sequel.Its still worth a watch, its not that cringeworthy as some may suggest and is above average but it isn't what we were all waiting for. Its also not fair to give the movie very very low marks as it is better than a lot of the rubbish out there like ARRIVAL that is so over-rated its just not true - It will pass a Friday evening and satisfy most Scifi buffs with its CGI and creature effects, the violence is quite gory in parts and it is a 6/10 for me - just slightly above average!As an aside:-Check out all the shill reviewers - so easy to spot.marian_the_nightmanlesza_lombokJemmaClemensI dont know why imdb cannot weed em out.They either just have one review under their belt or two.Reviewed the movie before its release.Just joined a month after the movie is released.The most telling is for example user marian_the_nightman OR jemmaclemens whose every single review is given 10/10 - so obvious its sad that these shills still have their accounts.
good Live-action adaptation of Hanna-Barbera's TV cartoon brings prehistoric blue-collar family man Fred Flintstone to life with the help of John Goodman, exceptional in the role. The world of Bedrock is excitingly captured, all the surrounding details look right, but unfortunately the script is a pale, shapeless mess. Also, who cast Rosie O'Donnell as neighbor Betty Rubble, the Snow White of the Sabertooth set? O'Donnell is far too brash and distracting as Betty, who was mostly around in the TV show as a foil for Fred's wife Wilma (adequately played by Elizabeth Perkins). O'Donnell should have instead played Fred's mother-in-law, although Elizabeth Taylor is game for this loudmouthed harridan. There are some laughs here--although not big ones--while the "plot" is weaker than any of those written for television. ** from ****
good  I really can't get how in the world people are rating this movie as highly as they are. You would think they have never seen this done, and done better.Yes, I understand that Logan is a heartfelt character dear to us, but THINK people! For that very same reason we should be holding this movie to a higher standard, and not giving it an emotional pass.To, me, this film was slow and depressing a-la No Country For Old Men, without ANY of the Oscar-worthiness. It was just droll, SUPER PREDICTABLE, moronic in its' execution and so very far-fetched. (Yes, imagine saying 'far-fetched' for a movie based on a comic)! They spun and bent a bunch of things to get them to where they were in the year 2029 and tried to make it believable (it wasn't). Then, they try to impress upon your heartstrings Logan's connection or ties to the little girl, but the connection or ties are SILLY at best. Not SILLY, you say? Let me get this straight ... you are trying like hell to get away from the bad guys, and ummmmmm, you STOP FOR A MINI VACATION - not ONCE, but TWICE, and put hundreds of strangers in jeopardy the first time and a nice family in danger the second time. Seriously, anyone who could get over that gaping ridiculousness and who can, after that, in good conscience give this movie anything above a 6 is just messing with you or has total fan-boy blinders on. As for the little girl, god, she was annoying and aggravating AF and 90% of her screen time was spent shrieking. No, not screaming. SHRIEKING.The rest of the acting was good. The members of the family they added as filler in the middle of the movie were the only ones IMO that you kind of cared about. Even old Professor X had seen better days and you kind of wanted it to be over for him. It was just painful to watch, and I don't mean in a moving way where the film is made better, but in a painful oh god, kill him off already way.*** BIG SPOILERS BELOW *** DO NOT READ IF YOU HAVE NOT SEEN THE MOVIE OR ARE PLANNING ON SEEING IT!!!The ending was unreal in how bad it was. Without giving too much away ... you have one little girl who is able to take out like 10-12 guys, PLUS you have Wolverine, PLUS a BUNCH of other mutant kids who have varying degrees of mutant abilities, and yet they can't take out a small group of bad guys? W T H ?As for Hugh Jackman, he was good and played Logan like he always has done except maybe this time he looked older and more tired which was a good thing because it translated unto the screen and gave Wolverine some credibility. Otherwise he was just there. The gushing over his acting this time around IMO is unwarranted, as he really didn't do anything that much different than he has on every other X-Men movie and if anyone disagrees, I defy them to point out what. All in all, I wasn't impressed. Don't get me wrong - it wasn't a horribly BAD movie, I just don't agree that it was any good and I really don't agree with the overrating or the assessment that it is in ANY way a "masterpiece". If you look at it just on paper, you would think that the people that are reacting to it in such a way have ONLY EVER watched comic-book movies in their lives and have now seen a drama sold as a comic-book movie and their brains are processing it as innovative and different.In closing, I understand that Hugh Jackman is getting older, and the great dilemma was 'how exactly do you keep making movies with an actor who is aging, playing a character who is supposed to rejuvenate or heal'? You don't. You kindly retire the character, as the creators of the franchise have chosen to do. The thing is, they could have really made it to where it wasn't SO depressing and/or bleak with no real outlook toward the future except a bunch of kids you are not at all INVESTED in or care one iota about. A bad ending for a good character, was just bad cinema. RIP Logan. hopefully, at some point you will miraculously resurrect so that you can be given the farewell you deserve. My actual rating is 6.5/10, but some reviewers have gone over the top crazy with the 10s.
good  "Aliens" is the best trapped-with-a-monster-right-behind-you movie of all time.  The weird part is that it's not the first of its kind.  Usually, the first of a genre is always the best but these kinds of movies were made decades-and-decades before 1986's "Aliens."  Still, through its strong story and characters, it elbows its way to the head of the class.Ripley is a heroine like no other.  She thrills you.  Her powerful presence and unstoppable soul will always live on in the minds of movie-goers.  She and Newt form a surrogate mother-daughter relationship that is more touching than anything I've seen before in this kind of a movie.  In this movie more than any other in the "Alien" series, Ripley's a woman who does what she can (and then some) to protect herself and the ones around her.  She's the perfect action hero.On top of that, the pulsing music that plays while Bishop is speeding them away from the exploding compound and while Ripley is booting  the Queen Alien out into space is beyond comparison.Note:  If you LOVED this movie, it's probably best you don't see Alien 3. It, for some reason, turns the triumph of this film's conclusion into a depression deeper than the vastness of a hundred black holes.
good This was the most hyped movie of the year and probably one of the most hyped movies ever. Even with the overhype I had to see Heath Ledger play the joker because the trailers looked awesome. So I finally paid my ticket and watched the movie.The movie starts off really strong, the opening scene was an absolute blast (literally). From that point on though I didn't feel the same action. The rest of the movie just seemed, drawn out and completely over the top. Honestly where did the joker find a rocket launcher in Gotham City? This movie was just too long and much of the dialogue was something that a kid writes in senior creative writing and thinks it's brilliant. Also the director did an excellent job of warping the joker from one place to the next, the joker must have had a helicopter or a really loyal taxi driver. One second he's here and the next he's on top of that building. Probably the last straw was when Morgan Freeman showed up. He turns around and the camera is at a low angle as if to show the arrival of Morgan Freeman the ultimate modern narrator who is now in every movie, an older version of Samuel L Jackson who is soft spoken. They kind of made up for it when Debo from Friday showed up as the scary convict on the boat.After sitting in my seat for two and half hours as characters appeared and disappeared the movie finally ended, and it ended in a very cliché way. Way to say the title of the movie as the last word in the film, thats never been done ever?and The Dark Knight had to include the bain of every modern movie, being able to track people's cell phone calls. This little gimmick is in way too many movie these days.so ya I sat there for two and a half house and my butt really hurt, I wasted ten dollars on a cool movie, but one that wasn't as good as people claimed. Maybe next time Christian Bale will take some cough drops before showing up on set.
good I first watched Tokyo Story in a classroom some time ago and witnessed something curious. I have never seen a group of people so choked up over a film, ever. The most curious thing about it though is that most could not place what exactly made them so emotional. There are moments in Tokyo Story in which you are hit with a wall of emotions, surprised and overwhelmed that this simple little film could evoke such feelings. It's something about the characters, the honesty, the way everything hits home despite the cultural and time-period barriers.Tokyo Story takes a deep look at familial relations in postwar Japan. Simply, it boils down to this: two aging parents (played by Ryu Chishu and Higashiyama Chieko) live far away from their children, who are in a quickly modernizing Tokyo. The children in Tokyo are quite selfish and focused on their own busy lives in the hustle-and-bustle of the city. The key character in this film, though, is Noriko (Hara Setsuko), the widow of one of the parents' sons who died in the war. Noriko turns out to be more active with her husband's parents than their own children are.The parents decide to make their first, and possibly final, trip to Tokyo in order to see their children and view the spectacle of the city. The only person that can make significant time for them, however, is Noriko; the children are busy with work and even send their parents away to a spa! In one heartfelt scene, the mother, Tomi, spends the night at Noriko's in which she begs her to re-marry and apologizes for the burden that her son has caused. During this time, the father, Shukichi, is out drinking with old friends and admits to them that he is disappointed with his children, agreeing with his friends who feel the same way.Ozu Yasujiro is considered to be one of the world's greatest filmmakers and Tokyo Story is considered his masterpiece. There is no reason to deny this. Ozu's camera is often a topic of discussion–it usually sets itself at the level of people sitting on the floor (tatami), which allows the viewer to feel like they are sitting right with the characters. It is usually always a calm camera, and very rarely pans. His films are also often slowly paced and meditative, choosing to avoid showing important events which later are revealed through dialogue. Ozu's direction of children has always been brilliant, they are never a weak point in his films and he often bases his stories on child characters (though not here).Tokyo Story contains all of the elements that make Ozu's films popular with film students and cinephiles today. His calm, observant camera; his real-life, non-embellished characters; his attention to detail and the emotional emphasis on certain objects; his perfectly timed music; among other things, contribute ultimately to the warmth and effectiveness of the film. Ozu's passion for filmmaking knew no bounds.Tokyo Story will not appeal to everybody, especially today. The typical moviegoer will either dismiss the film because it is "old" or "black and white," or find it boring. To the cautious and attentive viewers who allow themselves to connect with the characters and feel the story, Tokyo Story is a rewarding experience. Tokyo Story, along with Ozu's other films, is a good example of film as an art. Aimed at telling a story and depicting true life on camera, it is much less of the "entertainment" experience that people have come to expect from the movies today. There are no explosions, violence, chase scenes, or over- the-top characters here. This is Ozu. This is one of the greatest films ever made.
good No spoilers, I promise. :-)The big reveal is given away too early in the movie, without enough build up or interesting interactions. From there to the next twist, the movie is pretty slow. It makes some future-looking statements but doesn't delve into any detail enough to be truly thought provoking. Just brings up some common SciFi scenarios and then does nothing with it. A few more not too bad twists and a fun ending make it worth watching, but sad that it could have been much better.
good A lot of film historians will tell you that Gone With the Wind was the first film that has the leading man crying on film. Clark Gable was said to be the first actor to do this.This is not so.In fact, George O'Brien is the first actor to do so. In the famous wedding scene, O'Brien breaks down in tears in front of his wife when he remembers back to the vow he took with his wife.Sunrise is one of the last great silent films that is filled with so many wonderful moments which helped it win the first and only Academy Award for Best Silent Film.
good Life Is Beautiful takes the premise that love and hope can survive the most trying of conditions, in this case a Nazi concentration camp. Most everyone knows this very popular and honored film, so I won't belabor the story. Briefly, in my humble opinion, this film deserves all the accolades it's been awarded. A near perfect film, my only gripe is that Mr. Benigni's performance could have been more understated, especially the half of the film that's set in the concentration camp. But this is only a slight complaint. For a joyful, life-affirming movie, Life Is Beautiful is tops. But be forewarned, as its principal backdrop of anti-Semitism and Nazi murder, it is not a very happy movie.
good  All i can say is thank you Chris Nolan,,,I still think you will have to be a magician to beat Tim Burton's Batman film's but Nolan has is well on his way to becoming Houdini. This is a film that describe's Batman as he was in the comics and i think as Bob Kane imagined...So how has Nolan done it..Simple..i've seen the xtras on the Region 2 DVD and it appears that he didn't rush anything and really worked hard on this and recruited the best of the best in the movie making business,it's an extremely hard character to portray and a risky franchise as a director to do a good job as Joel Schumacher found out. He has had some good films like The Lost Boys etc but his take on the Batman was purely a joke and i think he had potentially ruined a huge money making franchise...But however it has been saved with Nolan's amazing take on Gotham and Christian Bale's Dark Knight which truly is an amazing likeness to the comics,,,This film has everything that we wanted and more because it has a beginning a middle and an amazing end which makes batfan's itching for more and a sequel which promises just that,,,it has an all star cast too,Morgan Freeman and doing an amazing job in succeeding the great Michael Gough's Alfred we have Michael Caine..The villain is the Scarecrow but in true Gotham Style there are more corrupt going's on in Gotham than good and who are they gonna call to clean it up..Simple.....THE BATMAN...This film has more gadget's and lifelike special effects than any other Batman Film so it's definitely one to watch..Thanks and i hope you enjoy it as much as i did..
good  "Snatch" is fantastic; and not least because it demonstrates emphatically that the British movie industry is capable of rivaling even the best of what Hollywood can offer."Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels" was one of the funniest movies released in recent years, and "Snatch" takes everything that "Lock, Stock..." did so well and does it even better.Back are the cleverly intertwined plotlines, the hilarious one-liners, and the simultaneously intimidating and comedic London villains. So is the skillful editing, and often original cinematographic style. This time however, it all looks somewhat slicker and better funded, and alongside the British regulars are the odd American celebrity (Brad Pitt, Benicio Del Toro).Everyone in the film puts in an excellent performance, but Pitt stands out as a charismatic and near-incomprehensible Gypsy boxer.Like Ritchie's earlier film, this one takes a little while to find its feet, but once it does the pace doesn't slacken until the finale. One scene featuring three guys and a squeaking dog in a stolen car stands out particularly, and left the audience at my local cinema almost weeping as punchline after punchline was uttered.When it comes to comedies, I cannot recommend this one highly enough. If you're after a good laugh, you won't find much to better "Snatch".
good  This is another film in which it really helps to know in advance what it is, or more specifically, what it isn't. Then, you go from there. I enjoyed the animated film very much but, some of that was due to the fact a friend clued me in first, saying "this isn't really a comedy or a film for little kids. Don't expect a ton of laughs." So, instead of seeking laughs (although I still got them here and there), I just enjoyed the adventure story and marveled at the amazing artwork. Seen on Blu-Ray, this is yet another example in which you shake your head and wonder, "How does the artwork get any better than this?" Then, about six months from now, another will come along and I'll say the same thing. Overall movies may not be better today than "in the old days," but there is no dispute there are two areas in which films keep getting better and better: special-effects and animation. This is another example of that.The colors and the detail in here are almost beyond description. The artwork ranges from bold to subdued, but always stunning. I lost track how many times I wanted to just pause and admire the picture for a few minutes. From super-sharp closeups of the old man's face to lush jungle scenery, this high-definition disc is worth every penny/Back to the story, I found it a combination adventure-fantasy-comedy-suspense-sentimental story, about in that order, too. Generally-speaking, I would think adults would like this more than kids, but I may be wrong. Everyone - regardless of age - will have their jaw drop more than once viewing the incredible-looking scenes. It's really a feast for the eyes. Finally, if you like extras, there are tons of them in the four-disc DVD set.
good  Firstly I gave *Pitch Perfect 2* 10/10 because, I was Very Lucky to attend the special Movie screening premiere to watch Pitch Perfect 2. Secondly Pitch Perfect 2 was way better than Pitch perfect 1, because Pitch Perfect 2 was way more entertaining enjoyable & amusing. I love how Pitch perfect 2 features older better remix songs in their movie, which sounds so superb, that's why, I was quick to purchasing their original motion picture soundtracks, The dancing in the movie was amazing. Pitch Perfect 2 movie was very funny and entertaining, especially the main character , Rebel Wilson , Anna Kendrick , etc.... I believe the Actor/actress , director & the producers have done a fantastic job producing such an incredible movie , the storyline of the movie was superior, because it just is. Hope there will be Pitch Perfect 3 :D
good Historical note:"The film concerns the Nazi policy of "total annihilation" in the republic of Byelorussia (now known as Belarus or White Russia, adjacent to Poland) in 1943. The racial policy of the Nazis was to eliminate all "inferior races" such as Jews and Slavs from Eastern Europe and to make land available for German settlement in the east (Lebensraum). Because of the importance of Eastern Europe to Nazi policy the bulk of the German Army was sent to the eastern rather than the western front. Estimated that 20 million or more Russians (by Russians I mean the people of many nationalities that included Russians, Ukrainians, Byelorussians, Jews and many others who used to live on the Soviet territories occupied by Germans during 1941-1943) died fighting Hitler (recent estimates place figure 25-30 million). Units of the SS (Schutzstaffel) and SD (Sicherheitsdienst) were used to carry out the genocide. The SD was separated from the main body of the German Army (Wehrmacht) and made up of fanatical Nazis and fascist East European (often from the Baltic) collaborators."Elem Klimov's and Ales Adamovich's Film is perhaps one of the most powerful and horrifying films about the war (I would add Tarkovsky's "The Childhood of Ivan" aka "Ivanovo Detstvo" and Mikhail Romm's documentary "Obyknovenny Fascism" aka "Ordinary Fascism" aka "Triumph Over Violence"). Not for a moment would the film let the viewer relax. With each scene, the feeling of horror increases. We are transformed into the main character, 16 year old boy Florya. We are forced to see with his eyes, to hear with his ears. In the beginning of the film, Florya is a child. At the end, after having witnessed the unspeakable terrors of the fascists, he becomes an adult, and not just an adult  an old man. His face is the face of War  and it is to us, the viewers, authors say  come and look in this face if you dare. War unmistakably selects as its victims the weakest, the youngest and the tenderest - the authors could not go against this truth. In the military camp, Florya meets the young girl, Glasha. Together, they try to make their way to the village where his family lived. But no one is there, it is empty - it is burnt out. And again some force pushes Florya, Glasha and us to go further. But where? To the shed where the women and the children are burning alive? Into the hands of the rapists- fascists? Or to be photographed with the revolver put at your temple, surrounded by the laughing SS-men? Is there any way out of the Inferno of War? The mystery of the final episode Florya can not force himself to shoot the child at the photograph sitting at his mother's lap. Even if the child's name is Adolph Hitler. Florya puts his rifle down. The clear blue sky is above him. Sounds Mozart's "Requiem". What is this? Victory? Or defeat? Did Florya survive or did he perish like millions and millions during the endless days, months, and years of the worst war the humankind had known? Even if survived physically, he is a changed forever man, the man who looked triumphant death and horror in the eye for too long to ever forget them.
good A great little movie. Slow and intense, it tells a very good story. Compelling as well as intriguing, the movie real characters. Normal human beings that for better or for worse are people dealing with their life in a desperate way of making things better. It is heart braking as well as full of hope even is the latter is harder to find at times. I had a great time watching this movie but I also didn't expect it to be Gone Girl - which is directed by David Fincher. Gilles Paquet-Brenner gives us a good mystery with a secret that doesn't reveal itself until the very end. Great cast, good script but this movie is more challenging than Fincher's. Gave it your absolute attention, and you will be rewarded.
good I hate user/critic review websites strictly because of movies like this. People will go see like, Gran Torino, be entertained, admire a couple symmetrical shots and smooth camera pans or whatever, and rate the thing a 4.5/5, 9/10, 95%, etc. But then there are movies that have a ten minute chase scene with Cary Grant scaling down Mount Rushmore, every second of which you're screaming at the screen. Of course my most pompous entry is for an Alfred Hitchcock. But please, for progeny's sake, save the high ratings for ones that earn em
good  I watched this movie last night as it was listed as a favourite by my partner. I left the movie with a greater appreciation for the love a parent has for their child and the sense that under extreme duress sometimes its humour that drags you through to the other side. Yes it wasn't accurate, yes it was a caffeine free Holocaust Lite, but its not Schindler's List - nor a documentary. No-one with half a brain would expect that, yet here amongst all these reviews are people lambasting the movie for not being 100% factual. Last night I felt a greater empathy for what the Jews, Gypsies, Intellectuals, Political Dissidents, Blacks, Gays and all the others went through in the atrocities of Nazi Germany, but once again the belligerent attitude that accompanies any mention of The Holocaust has soured it. No-one is discounting any of the horror, but that wasn't what this movie is about. I would have thought that a movie embracing the triumph of human spirit over adversity would have been embraced by those that didn't agree with the less than factual nature of the portrayal of the camp.
good  Still powerful after all these years, it's easy to see why this film won so many awards. Even though it isn't classified as "film noir," it might as well be, as it has the earmarks of one: gritty, downbeat with a feeling of dread, magnificent black-and-white cinematography, etc.It's certainly not a "fun" movie but if you appreciate great film-making, you have to rate this near the top of the list Not only is the direction (by one of the all-time greats, Elia Kazan) superb and the photography striking, the acting also is top-rate.Marlon Brando was just riveting to watch in here and deserved all the accolades he received for his performance. Talk about a guy with mixed emotions and a tormented soul! Eva Marie Saint, as Brando's "conscience" and love interest, proved to be worthy in her role.The rest of the characters were angry people, always shouting it seemed, always upset at someone. Even the priest, played by Karl Malden, was that way although one of his passionate speeches was remarkable to hear. How many films does one hear about Jesus Christ being everywhere men are? None I can recall, offhand. He, like Saint's character, also influenced Brando to do the right thing.Lee J. Cobb filled his bill as the angriest of them all, the labor boss who would have anyone killed who dare speak out against his illegal practices, and Rod Steiger was his normal intense self as Brando's older brother. Hey, almost everyone was intense in this film. It gets you involves and wears you out by the end.Steiger and Brando's conversation in an automobile fairly late in the film ("I couda been a contenda") is one of the most famous scenes in movie history, but I found many memorable scenes in this movie....too many to recount here.Suffice to say if you are looking for a hard-nosed drama with great acting and photography, a film that still looks and sounds up-to-date in many respects, don't be afraid to give this "oldie" a look. You'll see why it's considered one of the best movies of all time.
good  Talk with most guys, at least ones around my age and they'll tell you they're Goodfellas fans. In addition, or subtraction, they'll also mention Scarface and, no doubt, The Godfather I, II or both. (Laughably, no one ever seems to bring up III without wincing.) Me? I'm gambling Casino will be my mobster movie for all my days.It's a safe bet. Revisiting Casino, for the first time in probably a decade, is like visiting an old friend. And for three hours, it's a ride I can't wait to take again. For, I've done it many times before.I'm not one to like very long movies, or movies that move slowly – and before I go further, this is NOT one that ever moves a bit slowly. But, ever since it came out on video (originally on VHS, back then) I couldn't help myself. I literally watched this three-hour movie over and over. And over. To the point sometimes, when it went to credits, I would insert tape one (yeah, again, VHS, humph!) and start from the beginning.I lovedand STILL DOthis movie so much, in so many ways, it was easy for me to continuously watch it. With this third purchase – VHS, DVD and now, BluRay, I can't wait to plug it to experience it another time.This movie is so near perfect on so many levels and depths, it's hard to sum it all up in one review. The movie's onion layers keep surprising me with each viewing. And it's bonus of two movies in one is fantastic.Movie One, or the first half, is made up of all-but fantastic, interesting and driven narration of how casinos work, the rise of the two best friends/street guys and the mobsters in 1970's Las Vegas. From all my research and first-hand experience, this mentality of the 1970's is fairly close to what it is today. In fact, it's almost dead-on. Naturally, some things do NOT happen today – the place is now like Disneyland: any bad press is VERY bad for the place. So, good luck in smashing a cheater's hands and not having a hundred reporters/bloggers tearing apart your casino the same hour.Movie Two involves every bit of the mistakes these guys made in order to eventually rid Las Vegas of the mob. (There's a lot more to it than from this movie, but for this story, it's centered on these wise guys.) Originally, when I watched this countless times, I narrowed it down to one main slip-up: the firing of a connected relative. But, examining it this time, there were so many nudges to their house of cards, it's hard to add them all up. Each and every bump to the base playing cards had an involvement to everyone's downfall.To top it all off, it's enormously interesting, fun, exciting and suspenseful to see how this well-laid based on true events played out. Oh, and I haven't even gotten to the acting.I never once saw Robert De Niro, Joe Pesci, Sharon Stone or James Woods (amongst others) on the screen. Ever. These people were truly Sam 'Ace' Rothstein, Nicky Santoro, Ginger McKenna and Lester Diamond, respectively. How each of these excellent performances did NOT win Oscars is beyond me. Actually, while we're at it, how the movie didn't get nominated for, and win, for Best Picture, Director, Adapted Screenplay, Cinematography, Score, etc...baffles me.I digress. These performances were mesmerizing. Each in their own way. All the way down to James Woods, whom I felt did the best of his career and Sharon Stone showing incredible depth.Beyond the incredible feats by the actors was the brilliant direction, cinematography, story, score, soundtrack and pacing. Never did this movie feel slow, nor did I ever "check the time counter" because it's nearly three hours. The movie just kept going and on the right course. The plot unfolds as it needs to and the recounting of events and voice-overs were just as interesting as what was on screen.This movie was so powerful, as were the performances, that I almost rooted for De Niro's Ace. His gal, Ginger (Stone,) not so much. On a side note, she was fairly despicable and we wouldn't have hated her so much, if not for Stone's great take on her. (Or, again, the weasel, Woods as Lester.)Normally, I would absolutely and readily admit that I love this movie ten times more than the already very good Goodfellas or Godfather series because I am a gambler and have always (since early teens) been infatuated with Las Vegas and its history. It would be obvious that I'm naturally biased because of the reasons just mentioned. But, I am being honest: past my obsession with both gambling and Vegas, I loved this movie on all levels. Yes, it does help that this gives me a much more in-depth view of a certain segment of Vegas' past, I still love the journey Director Martin Scorsese gives me eachand...every time.
good  A remake of Michael Winner's Death Wish, that in itself is kind of depressing. How can the filmmakers be so unaware of the times we're living in or maybe they are not, unaware. If they know what they're doing then it's just unforgivable. But if one tries to put all that aside and try to see it just as a movie without any deep or ugly intentions, still doesn't work. No, not for a moment. We've all seen it before, a million times. and much, much better.
good  I was very excited when I heard they were making this into a TV series as I loved the books. I enjoyed the film but felt that it lacked something. This series has more than made up for what was lacking in the film. I love the cast and I think the chemistry between jace and clary is gonna be amazing as the series goes on. I love the way they have changed the institute to make it more high tech. I like how they have made Luke to have more of a role in this as a police officer rather than a shop owner. Certain things are different to the books but so far they are making the story even better. If you love the supernatural then this series is a must.
good Miss Congeniality finds Sandra Bullock as FBI Agent Gracie Hart, who must go undercover in the Miss United States beauty pageant to prevent a psychopath from committing untold homicide.The premise is simple, it's a Pygmalion/My Fair Lady scenario that transforms the rough and tough Gracie into a viable contestant for the pageant. Thus we have all the comedy that comes with her literally battling everyone, including her own opinions on pageants, as she is being asked to be something she doesn't believe is in her make up. The mystery of who the killer is who's on the loose is strong for a good portion of film, and even once it's known and drama takes centre stage, it's still hard to get the smile off of your face. The jokes are plentiful, with Bullock finding chemistry with all of her co-stars. She's a very under valued comedy actress, and her ability to bond with an entire cast is marvellous to observe. Reference sexual tension with Benjamin Bratt, the jousting hostilities with Ernie Hudson, the way she bounces off of the other beautiful girls, and best of all the by-play with Michael Caine, who is playing a camp stylist and walks in to lift the laughter roof off the rafters in every scene he is in.It doesn't push the boundaries of comedy, but it's thankfully a consistently funny piece of work, aided by a super cast on form who make a better comedy out of what the screenplay suggested it had any right to be. 7/10
good Pitch Perfect 2 is just as much fun as the first one. Kudos to Elizabeth Banks for her first directing role. This time our favourite Capella band are performing in front of the president and his wife. A wardrobe malfunction see's them banned from competing in the US there only hope a competition taking place in Copenhagen, Denmark.What can I say about this film? I thought it was just as much fun as the original, the story plays out at just the right pace, all our favourite characters return for another outing, including Elizabeth Banks herself as the TV Presenter Gail.If you liked the first film you will like this one also.
good  With all of the hype surrounding Daniel Day-Lewis' performance (he was, in fact, given a Best Actor nod from the San Diego Film Critics Society, for whatever that is worth) in the P.T. Anderson-directed tale of early American oil speculation, "There Will Be Blood," I can only relate my extreme disappointment.This would have made an interesting 90-minute movie, but, unfortunately, it runs over 140-minutes, most of which is smeared with plasma and petroleum to the extent every character is sullied and unrecognizable as a human being.Perhaps Anderson wanted it that way, after all, it's really only Day-Lewis¹ character (the lubricious Daniel Plainview) that even comes close to developing; the others are simply there to keep him company and accept his violent tirades.Yes, times were tough in the early hardscrabble years of the American West, but this guy makes Jonas Cord ("The Carpetbaggers") look like Mother Theresa.We first meet Plainview in 1898 mining for silver in Arizona. After a nasty fall in which he breaks his ankle, he discovers oil in the shaft. After a few years, he has a crew and a few successful wells.One day, a fellow worker ­ there with his infant son (for some reason) ­is killed and Plainview adopts the boy, H. W. (Dillion Freasier) for no other reason than to have a cute face to show while he cons the public (see "Paper Moon").These are some of the movie's best scenes, with Plainview - and H.W. in tow - visiting backwoods bergs and convincing a gullible populace into signing away land rights for a fraction of what they were worth. Plainview, with a sinister soft-spoken demeanor plays psychological games until the rubes are all but ready to GIVE him the oil rights in perpetuity. Several years later, a visitor tells Plainview about a ranch in California that is soaking in oil, so Pop and son head out there, under the pretense of hunting quail. There they meet the Sunday family, addled dad, Abel (David Willis), a few non-descript females and an Evangelist son, Eli (Paul Dano, "Little Miss Sunshine").Plainview and Eli do not hit it off at all, and this is the conflict that sets up the second act. It doesn't take much to finagle Abel out of the Sunday Ranch, as well as the surrounding property, but several tragedies cause many in the town ­ especially the young preacher ­ to wonder if they made the right move in letting Plainview into their midst.When H.W. is rendered deaf in an explosion and disastrous fire, we wonder if the whole enterprise is worth it.Up until this point, I was willing to go along with this film as not only a historical drama relating the days of the early oil industry, as well as a chronicle of rural religious fervor, sort of "Oklahoma Crude" meets "The Apostle."The problem is, the picture does not continue to walk that thin line. We are now subjected to scene after scene of Plainview¹s descent into madness and murder ­ but with little or no motivation for either.For example, he beats Eli severely and mocks his church; meets a man who claims he¹s his brother; abandons H.W. and generally spirals out of control.He's business savvy, however, and plans to build a pipeline to transport his vast oil reserves to the coast (thus eliminating the cost of railroad shipping). To do this, though, he has to build through a local hermit's (Hans Howes, "Seabiscuit") land.The only way to accomplish this is to humble himself before Eli and the congregation and be baptized, obviously a fate worse than death to Plainview who seems to have no morals, whatsoever.Now that he¹s joined the church and gotten his pipeline built, does he enjoy even one iota of his success? Absolutely not.In one of Day-Lewis' many monologues, he gives us his motivation for being such a bastard, "I do not just want to succeed, I do not want anyone else to succeed."Still, that does not explain his psychotic, murderous frenzy, and the longer the film goes on, the less cohesive it became.I can accept his tirades early on, and even a bit of his unmotivated violence near the middle of the film, but Anderson pushes things to the extreme limit. He's even admitted that he watched "Treasure of the Sierra Madre" before beginning to film "Blood" - yet he still did not learn anything about coherent film-making.Friends, this is by far one of the most depressing and oppressive films of the year. In fact, it makes "No Country For Old Men" look like "Mary Poppins." Then, at the conclusion, after watching more than two-plus hours of this evil, hateful man succeed over and over again, we're treated to another brutal, pointless murder -­ this one coming out of nowhere.Like "The Last King of Scotland," in which Forrest Whittaker won the Best Actor award, this is another performance-driven, but deeply-flawed motion picture.Day-Lewis will certainly be nominated for this, and he may actually win, but that does not mean one will enjoy the experience of watching that performance.
good I thought Despicable Me 1 and 2 were great fun, movies that you could watch over and over every few months or so and still laugh. Despicable Me 3 I hardly laughed at all, and can't see myself watching it again anytime soon. That's not to say it wasn't fun. The Minions were kind of funny as usual but the overall plot and script wasn't as witty and charming. Mr. Gru is not really a good guy or villain in this one. The interaction between him and his new found brother provided a few laughs. His new wife tries hard in her new role as mother to Gru's kids, maybe that could have been played up more. I've heard another reviewer say this was an unnecessary sequel, and that's hard to disagree with.
good Perhaps this was influential at the time but as entertainment now it has little to offer.The plot is simple enough, a serial killer is loose and the police can't find, pretty normal. Where it becomes more interesting is that the police, to show the public they are trying, harass the criminal community to the point that the criminals start to look for the killer. This is a nice idea.Unfortunately the good parts of the plot stop there, the way the killer is identified makes no sense at all, it is hard not to shout "wtf?" at the TV, it is contrived and unbelievable and just plain stupid.There is also no suspense in the film, the chase scene has an obvious conclusion and although you are kept in doubt as to what the fate of the killer will be you don't care, he has no personality.There is also a lot of preaching in the final sequence about the death penalty and insanity that becomes very annoying.The acting is good, pretty much everyone delivers which is especially unusual in films of this vintage.Dated and lacking in real entertainment.I don't understand the high rating it has got, maybe people are going easy on it because it is old but new or old it has to entertain and it doesn't.
good  I come from a family of submariners. My grandfather commanded a sub in the Pacific during WW2, and my dad went on to do nearly 30 years as crew and finally skipper in a nuke hunter/killer. So I kinda know the history of subs 1st hand. This movie pulls no punches and is stunningly accurate. It is a work of genius from one of the greatest directors of our time.I must qualify that by saying PLEASE don't watch the dubbed English version. This film has to be seen in German with subtitles, and you absolutely have to see the director's cut. Three and a half hours of laughter, terror, claustrophobia, tenderness, and finally a sense of the futility of war. It's just brilliant.Jürgen Prochnow has made some good films in his career, but he will never better this performance. He is the epitome of a sub captain. Steely, yet sensitive to his crew. Determined and sometimes rash, but always in control, and the love of his crew for him is clear throughout. Even I would follow him until the end!!I kinda feel bad about praising Jürgen Prochnow so highly because, seriously, this is one of the few movies I've seen where EVERY member of the cast is just perfect. All credit to the casting people. You would not change anyone. Bernd Tauber as the Chief is just awesome. Erwin Leder as Johann is just so right, and Herbert Grönemeyer as the raw reporter who grows up is amazing.This film should be up there with the greatest war movies of all time. Unfortunately, I think because it's told from the German side, it will never get the recognition it truly deserves. Very sad, as it never glorifies Nazism. It's simply a tale of ordinary people in extraordinary circumstances - which kinda sums up all wars.Incredible film from an incredible director.
good If you can watch this movie all the way through to the final scene in a bar in which a German girl (played by Kubrick's wife!) sings a song and all the grizzled veterans in the room cry--and not cry yourself--then something's wrong with you. This is one heck of a powerful film and makes a better statement against the senselessness of war than many films with vastly bigger budgets. It blew me away the first time I saw it.
good Somehow, this very old film is particularly modern today and the exaggerations are not really sooo extreme compared with the real world. The humans, enslaved by the machines and by those who control them, become more and more small and insignificant, like the hero of this very funny comedy (one of the best in the history) that speaks about very ugly things in a very amusing way. The Tramp, is not a tramp in the beginning. He has a real job in a modern factory, that almost kills him, as the factory becomes more and more modern. He becomes a tramp when he stays without a job. Picking up red flags in the street can get you in a big problem with the police, who are there to serve and protect the rich. An honest man can stay honest even in prison and get benefits from this. Even a new job. But honesty is not really enough. Trouble is always around the corner and modern society doesn't permit you to make a new start easily.Love gives you wings, or at list hope and the power to continue. A beautiful girl of the streets is more than our hero is asking for and he is ready to do whatever necessary. Even put his safety in danger to take care of her. And she, appreciates this. In the end, when everything is lost once again, all they are left with, is each other and that's all they really need.For the first time is his cinema career, our Tramp will find a girl that will stick with him and support him. (Chaplin obviously felt with Paulette Goddard something that he didn't feel for his earlier women, and I don't blame him).And this story of modern times, like all of Chaplin's films will end up with an optimistic feeling in a unhappy end. Never is everything lost.With obvious inspiration from Fritz Lang's "Metropolis" and maybe René Clair's "À nous la liberté", it made the strongest point about THE where we 're going, in all the cinema of the 30's (I think) 8) and with only Marx bros' "Duck soup" being able to stand anywhere close to it. Maybe the most complete, funny and mature creation of the best comedian of the seventh art, with a lot more than a non stop production line of great jokes to offer. If made without a single joke, this film would still be one of the greatest of all of our modern times.
good  I never laugh like this in such a long time it's a complete movie with all the good joke
good Waddling along with his cane and derby hat, and that tiny mustache, the little tramp (Charles Chaplin) is visually unlike any character in film history. The tramp is kind-hearted, always dignified. He's a simple soul who in "City Lights" tries to help out a young blind woman (well played by Virginia Cherrill). This is a silent film, of course, but the tramp's body language is his speech.The really noticeable feature of the tramp character is how he blends into everyday life. He's more or less ignored by many, laughed at by others. The girl's grandmother never "sees" him at all. And only when the millionaire is drunk does he "see" the tramp as a friend. Curious ... and deep.The tramp gets into his fair share of trouble, but only through his bumbling efforts to help the girl. The boxing match is a hoot, and very well choreographed, as are all the skits. And what a beginning for a film, with city leaders spouting gibberish, probably as Chaplin's dig at the "talkies". Then the way Chaplin makes his grand entrance ... just terrific!Melancholy at times, the film's music really tugs at your heartstrings. Maybe it's sentimental and manipulative. But given the abiding and Zen-like qualities of the tramp, some sentimentality is quite appropriate. And the music is choreographed totally in sync with the plot action.Production design is sparse and at times drab. That the film was made during the Great Depression is beyond obvious.Comedy here is simple and effective. The main character expresses heart and humanity. The little tramp is an unforgettable character. And "City Lights" is a wonderful film.
good In the run up to WW2 Professor Jones is approached by US Intelligence to recover the lost Ark of the Covenant in order to stop it falling into the hands of the Nazi's.  With bar owner Marion in tow, Indiana takes on Nazi's across the globe to recover the ark.The story is pure Saturday morning hokum, but its all shined up with a great deal of professionalism and you don't notice.  The main strength is the tremendous sense of fun in the film - not only is it funny but the huge action scenes are all edge of the seat stuff that are hugely enjoyable to watch.  Be it the opening set piece, the truck chase, the fight around a burning airplane, the chase for a basket or the gory finish - it's all great fun to watch.The performances are pretty cardboard and stereotype - evil Nazi's et al. but it barely matters.  Ford is great - this is the type of undemanding hero type that he thrives on.  The rest of the cast are good - Freeman and Kahler stand out with their characters.  If it has any weaknesses then the lack of characterisation and plotting are the main suspects but I really think the flaws are greatly outweighed by strengths.Overall a good action film for older families.  With an old fashioned feel, a great sense of fun, plenty of laughs and fantastic action scenes this deserves all the good reviews it gets.
good  Since 1984, that 20 years ago, I have watch every movie Miyazaki make and mostly on cinema. Howl's is a long wait for me since the Spirit Away. After I seen this movie, it is still very enjoyable to me but there is something in my mind still questioning. Miyazaki want to tell us a love story, that we are sure but may be there is some more. After i read a local film review, the question is entirely clear now I seen this movie into another perspective.Yea, Sofi is the main character and the story are spin around her adventure. However, Miyazaki seem want to look into the aspects of modern Japanese man through Sofi view point. Howl is a powerful wizard; however his life is not as happy as other thinks. Every success had a price. He was chased by 2 waring parties who want to own his power, he living in a mess inside a moving castle which was keep hiding from one place to another place. Only thing that keep him going is his great style of hair and the believe that he is looking handsome. That why Miyazaki choose Takuya Kimura as Howl casting, in fact, Kimura is a top idol star in Japan which is share a similar burden as Howl, he is handsome, he is popular but he is not free, all the decisions are subject to his manager company, he could not date a girl openly. Yet Kimura married Kudo Shizuka despite all the opposition from his manager company. That strike the similarity that love shall triumph all. Even the war could be stop and the teacher of Howl would not stop him at the end.
good  I finally got a hold of the 'Sunrise' DVD, which is only available in English-speaking America (for free) by buying three titles of the excellent Fox Studio Classics line and sending in proofs of purchase. I urge everyone to get this DVD either by sending your three coupons to the promotion or by dealing with someone in the province of Québec since it appears to be the only place in North America where this contest is void and one can buy it directly off the shelf.I have heard about 'Sunrise' all my life but the closest I ever got to see a part of it was, as a quote, in Martin Scorsese's 2-DVD made-for-the-BBC lecture with illustrations 'A Personal Journey with Martin Scorsese Through American Movies' (1995). Nobody told me the following:It is a pioneering, overwhelming piece of cinema that still manages to move me (ME!) after I thought I had seen everything. It is a profoundly human film which made me cry for 15 minutes solid in its first part (a reconciliation scene that has to be seen to be believed). This film has more special effects than Terminator 3, all in the service of a thoroughly poetic, bucolic, pastoral, personal, contemplative, idiosyncratic, lyrical, late romantic and expressionist vision of humanity. Its love story, poignant and comic elements have inspired, in no specific order, René Clair ('Le Million'), Jean Vigo ('L'Atalante', 'Zéro de conduite'), Charlie Chaplin (all his subsequent films), Fellini ('La Strada', 'Nights of Cabiria') and even James Cameron ('Titanic').The camera is extremely mobile (more so than in most of today's films, except maybe The Matrix) and the acting is superb. I finally understand why Janet Gaynor was such a big star and a big deal in her time. Her co-star George O'Brien would be hunk-o-rama of the month at the box office today if he was still around. Margaret Livingston (who she?) is also quite realistic as a believably enticing city girl vamp (of modest means) who tries to lure the hero away from his deserving wife.The DVD has more extras than a Criterion issue, including a tentative reconstruction of Murnau's missing American masterpiece 'The Four Devils' (a circus love story) and the entire shooting scripts of both 'Sunrise' and 'The Four Devils'.'Sunrise' is presented with two soundtracks: the original (mono) Movietone (i.e. optical track) anonymous composite soundtrack cobbled together from several sources (think Wagner's Siegfried Idyll) and a newly written and recorded (stereo) score with all-original themes, that closely follows the original in spirit but not in melody.Both soundtracks try to add an intimate, poetic dimension to the film, which is subtitled 'A Song of Two Humans'. The music is an integral part of the experience as the film is conceived as a tone poem and, as such (my theory) is a kind of transcription for the masses of Schoenberg's 1900 string ensemble tone poem 'Verklärte Nacht' (Transfigured Night), a late-Romantic/early expressionist attempt to describe musically the 'truly profound and authentic' relationship between a man and a woman who have problems (the music follows a poem of the era).Both soundtracks succeed admirably, my preference going to the new one, despite the original's polish, historical value and magnificent preservation. And that would be because, although in the silent era there was no stigma attached to accompanying silent movies with a score made up of public domain and rather recognizable pieces, as long as they fit the mood, times have changed ('2001, A Space Odyssey' notwithstanding) and this practice is more distracting than anything for a contemporary, moderately educated spectator.Murnau had very highbrow ambitions but his film is totally clear and populist and made to reach the widest popular audience thanks to the incredible sums of money and artistry that Fox poured in the project. 20th Century Fox basically imported a genius from Germany, gave him a ton of money and told him: 'Make us a movie that will be the most prestigious ever made in this town and that will win us the first Oscar'. And that's just what he did!Needless to say, that was a long time before Rupert Murdoch took over the Fox Corporation...
good  After ''Empire strikes back'' ''Return of the Jedi'' is my second favorite movie from the Star Wars series.Luke went to Tattoine to save Han Solo from Jabba. At the same time, the Galactic Empire is doing in secret, the construction of a new space station like the previous Death Star. If this station stays totally constructed, it will be the end of the Rebel Alliance. Both Vader and the Emperor are impatient because of the delay of the new Death Star,and they need to kill many of their commanders to have the project made in schedule.R2 and C3po are inside Jabba's palace to send a message from Luke to Jabba,where Lukes pretends to negotiate Han's life. He gives R2 and C3po as a gift to Jabba as part of his plan. Jabba does not accept the negotiation,since he is using Han Solo as a piece of his palace's decoration.(Han still is frozen in carbonite) Lando is hidden as Jabba's guard and Chewbacca is also gave to Jabba by a reward hunter. When the same Hunter tries to save Han solo and makes him stay in human form again, we see that is actually princess Leia in a disguise. The problem is that Jabba discovers Leia's plan and takes her as his slave,while Han is thrown away in Chewbacca's cell.Luke comes as a Jedi knight to rescue his friends. At his first try to kill Jabba,he falls into Jabba's monster cell (Bantha),but easily kills it. Jabba stays angry and decides to thrown Han,Chewbacca and Luke to Sarlacc, a big creature from the desert who stays 1.000 years digesting it's 'food'. Luke,Han and Chewie has success in scape again, and even Boba Fett dies when Han accidentally throws him in to Sarlacc's mouth. Leia kills Jabba and goes after Han,Luke and Chewie as well c3po and R2. Everybody's safe again,Luke decides to go to Dagoba to complete his training as a Jedi,as well his promise to Yoda. The problem is that Yoda is too old and sick, since he already has 900 years old, and before he dies, Yoda says to Luke that he does not need more training,but to really be a Jedi, he must fight with Vader again. He confirms to Luke that Vader is Luke's dad, and that there is another Skywalker besides Luke. In his last moments, Yoda asks to Luke to remember his advices about the temptation of the dark side, and to Luke transmit his Jedi knowledge to other people. When Yoda dies,Obi wan's spirit shows up to Luke and tells him that Luke's father killed his good side Anakin to become Darth Vader, and also that he is more machine than a man since he became a sith. Luke stays worried about killing his own dad, and says that he feels that his father still has kindness. Obi Wan tells Luke that his twin sister is Leia, and says the reasons why Luke and Leia were separated since babies. He gives his last advice to Luke saying that if he refuses to kill Vader, the emperor will win the war.At the same time, the Emperor says to Vader that he must give Luke to him when he shows up, since Luke is stronger than before, and they both needs to combine their efforts to bring Luke to the dark side.Now we are going to have one of the best battles from the star war series,when the Rebel Alliance plans to attack the new space station, the '' Death Star 2'', Luke will confront Vader and the Emperor, and Leia, Han and chewie needs to turn off the 'Death star 2' power field, with the help of the EWOKS. (little creatures who looks little bears)This is for sure one of the most exciting star wars of all!
good  Spoilers herein.The first thing I want is to be transported. The further the better, the more competently the better. This film transported me. It had quite a bit different take on the world -- heavihanded, confusing, illogical, juvenile mysticism, pop morality -- all different than what we are usually served up. Some of this strangeness (I am convinced) is because the director is a poor storyteller.Disney's ethic was that the simplicity in the art corresponded with a simplicity in the story, so much so that one could turn off the sound and get the story. Not just follow the story but follow the WHOLE story. Anime seems to want to turn that on its head, making the animation simpler than anything out of Disney, but blowing up the story complexity with so many threads that kids believe it is profound.No matter for me, the confusion and pseudodepth was part of the experience.But there is another element here, and that really did disappoint me. 'Akira' was genuinely artistic, not so much in the drawings themselves, but in the understanding of motion. I was impressed with how the edges on the screen corresponded to the edges between scenes. Akira had a similarly childish sense of the complexly profound, but the art showed mastery and self-awareness.The vision in this film is just plain unimaginative in how the motion is handled. I'm not talking about the quality of the animation (which is poor), but the depth of the art. And the images themselves lack imagination: a wormy boar as a demon; the nightwalker was straight out of scoobydoo; the wolfgods?; the smurfy sprites? None of this reaches deep.If you want an introduction to anime and are looking for art, go to 'Akira.' Don't even stop here.
good Director/Writer George Lucas's immensely Influential Film was itself Influenced by a Myriad of Classic Stories, Films, and Mythology.He Packaged all of the Seminal Hard-Wire of Humanity, Soul Searching, and Hero's Journey into a Kid-Friendly, Action/Adventure, Sci-Fi Template that Everyone, including Adults, immediately Tapped into and the Movie became an Entity so Enormous and Epic that it Remains to this Day Synonymous with a Religion.The Movie is Entirely Entertaining at its Core and like all Classics can be Viewed with Multiple Meanings with Layers of Characters both Good and Evil Battling for the Control of Existence.Decidedly Deconstructed and Rendered Under a Microscope from Pop Culture Scholars and Cultists the Film has been Analyzed, Annotated, and Admired for what it was and what it has become.The Formula has been Broken Down to its Individual Elements and Commented Upon by the Countless Voices of Fanatics and Film Historians. The Simplistic Sophistication is how it Finds its Way into the Hearts and Minds of the Masses.It Changed Film and Film Merchandising Markets Forever. It Redefined and Resurrected the Sci-Fi Genre in a way that Stanley Kubrick's "2001 A Space Odyssey" (1969) could not. Mostly because Kubrick's Film had a more Restricted Demographic Target. Namely Adults. "Star Wars" Awakens the "Kid" in Everyone who is Not a Kid and makes the Youngsters Stand Up and Cheer Universally and Unanimously.
good  The basic hurdle for the world to have more empathy with the macro issue of the horrendous massacre is the fact that the world is uninformed. Unlike the situation of Nazis and Jews, Irish Catholics and British Protestants or Crusade and Islam, the issue of Tutsi and Hutu in Rwanda has not generally been heard of by an average citizen of the world. In the movie, the reporter asks two women at the bar in Hotel Rwanda what tribe they belong to. "Hutu" says one, and "Tutsi", the other. The reported turns around and comments to his companion "They look like twins to me". That says a lot.The film does educate us on the brief background of the local history, on how the Belgians used the Tutsi's to rule the Hutu and so since they left, the Hutu had been waiting for their chance to revenge. That is however just the bare backbone of the history, but we have not been brought to a deeper understanding of the bitter hatred that drove the Hutus to a diabolical genocide of a million Tutsi in 1994 as the world turned its back: "the nations are united in their indifference towards Rwanda" as Mr. Ebert aptly puts it.Rather than being an epic on macro scale, Hotel Rwanda is a personal story (albeit a true one) on micro scale, about hotel manager Paul Rusesabagina's heroic efforts which saved twelve hundred hotel "guests" of Tutsi descent, including his own wife. This is a story told with high quality filming and yet one cannot help but come away feeling that it leans slightly towards looking like a Hollywood thriller. It would be gross injustice to say it's crafted and yet, the climax after climax of narrow escape and cliffhanging suspense does feel a tad Hollywood. It would be gross injustice to say that it's a tearjerker and yet one cannot help feeling traces of familiarity in the Hollywood style emotional pull. And there is considerable predictability, such as the sudden bumpy ride of the jeep in the fog would be easily discerned by a regular moviegoer as the signal for the next scene: a road strewn with bodies of massacred victims.Oscar nominee Don Cheadle's performance as the circumstance-driven hero is deservedly recognized by the nomination. Nick Notle, who was wonderful in "Clean", puts in another great performance here as a similarly circumstance-driven hero in the U.N. peace keeping force Col. Oliver. The rest of the cast contributing to making this film a solid success includes Sophie Okonedo who was nominated for Best Supporting Actress as Pauls's wife Tatiana and Joaquin Phoenix as the reporter whose videotape of the massacre made the world pay attention. All told, Hotel Rwanda is a high-quality movie, but I can't agree with many comments hailing Hotel Rwanda as another Schindler's List.
good  For a movie to be even better than a good book is no small feat. Yet, that's how I felt after watching this film. It really impressed me. One of the reasons is the fantastic cinematography. Man, this is a beautifully filmed and, at 142 minutes, there are a lot of great scenes to admire.Sean Penn directed and Eddie Gautier was the Director Of Photography. I can't stand Penn as a person but fair-is-fair and I think he's great as a director, having seen his work in "The Pledge" and "The Crossing Guard." The main actor, Emile Hirsch, who plays "Chris McCandless" (a.k.a. "Alexander Supertramp" reminded me of Leonardo DiCaprio with his looks, build and voice inflection. He is very credible as the young guy who wants nothing to do with materialistic society and dreams of living in the wilds of Alaska. The problem was that he was unprepared and underestimated what he was up against.Two people who fascinated me the most in here were two extremes, age-wise - Hal Holbrook and Kristen Stewart. It was really great to see the veteran Holbrook ("Ron France") again. He was about 82 when he made this film and hadn't acted in a film in a few years. He was terrific, too. He had some of the most memorable scenes in the story. Meanwhile, teenager Stewart was captivating as "Tracy Tatro," who had a crush on "Alex." This young woman is on her way to stardom.Brian Dierker and Catherine Keener also were really, really interesting as the aging hippie couple, "Rainey" and "Jan." I kept thinking, I know this guy when listening to Dierker's voice, finally guessing it was Jeff Bridges underneath all the beard....but it Dierker, a guy who rarely acts in films.Knowing the book, the only part of the film that caught be off-guard was the young Swedish couple. I don't remember them in the book but I'll never forget this in this film!! One could debate the pros and cons of Chris McCandless for hours, so no sense going into that here. I thought the film was pretty kind to him. You read more in the book about how he hurt a lot of people with his silence. Either way, it's a a fascinating story and a beautiful film.
good What can I say about Pixar? Amazing?? Perfect?? Got to see this at the Cannes Film Festival in France (went on a trip with my family) and Pixar gives us another instant classic: Up.The movie focuses on 78-year old man Carl Fredrickson's (voiced by Edward Asner) life who always had a dream of going on a journey to South American to see the wilds of it. He buys thousands of balloons just to attach it to his house to float up in the sky. So, he starts with his journey up in the sky in his house with balloons attached to it. Suddenly, he's not alone and somebody's at the door while flying, it's a boy scout kid named Russell. He invites the boy with him on his journey to South America.Just brilliant and simple story-telling, beautiful visuals as usual with Pixar, awesome voice work, funny and smart dialogue, beautiful score once again by Michael Giacchino & very, very enjoyable characters. Speaking of characters, the highlight of the film: Dug the Dog. A sort of "robot" dog that will have you have you in a lot of stitches each scene that dog is in and that was the case with me. Simply, one of the funniest characters Pixar ever made. Pete Doctor, one of the four Pixar directors (John Lassester, Andrew Stanton, Brad Bird) who directed Monster's Inc (2001) needs and should get nominated for his clever, genius and smart directing of this but if Stanton didn't get the nods for (Finding Nemo and WALL-E) and Bird for (The Incredibles & Ratatouille) which they should of been, then the Oscars are making another HUGE mistake for not nominating this guy for this movie.Up is the funniest Pixar movie, funnier than the Toy Story movies, A Bug's Life & Finding Nemo which were the funniest, in my opinion. The movie is not just hilarious, it's emotional and sad at times. Like WALL-E, it focuses on the character feelings but not as magical as WALL-E. Still, Up is full of emotional, fun and hilarious proportions. Your in for a BIG ride in this!! 10/10.
good This was a very good stand alone Hulk movie. I grew up watching The Incredible Hulk 70s series and I will always get a reminder from that when watching a Hulk movie. Eric Bana played a good Bruce Banner along with the supporting cast. The score was very Hitchcock and scientific. I wasn't too keen on the comic book styled cinematography but I got used to this through the film. I enjoyed this film due to it's acting, story and developments. I didn't like the action as much, I liked the locations.I couldn't see this movie getting a sequel as this was aimed for a new audience and was a first theatrical try-out for a Hulk movie. I would recommend this movie to those that are fans of the series and to Hulk in general.
good  The Deer Hunter (1978) This is an epic war drama film about a trio of steelworkers whose lives are changed forever after they fight in the Vietnam War. The cast includes Robert De Niro, Christopher Walken, John Savage, John Cazale, Meryl Streep, and George Dzundza. The story takes place in a little working class town south of Pittsburgh, and in Vietnam. The film won five Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Supporting Actor for Christopher Walken. It also marked Meryl Streep's very first Academy Award nomination. She is now the most nominated actor in history. It was named the 53rd greatest American film of all time by the American Film Institute (AFI). The film's initial reviews were mostly positive. It was hailed by many critics as the best American epic since The Godfather. The late Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the film four stars and called it "one of the most emotionally shattering films ever made." This film is an American classic. It is my favorite drama, and perhaps my favorite film of all time. It even holds up nearly 40 years later. My willingness to try older films, any films, was because of this picture. Movies are like these are why film lovers should really give older movies a shot. I suggest the AFI's top 100 films as a starting point. The Deer Hunter is a masterful piece of cinema that explores the human condition in a way few films do today.
good  My 11 year old daughter and I love this movie! We still like the re-runs too. The songs were written very well and are catchy tunes. Bamm! is full of energy and I love the choreography performed by such talented dancers! I happen to think the casting of Zed, Addison, Bucky, Eliza & little Zoe was spot on. They are great in their roles and look forward to seeing more from Milo & Meg. Is it a simple, typical plot, yes, but found it to be entertaining and in my opinion more so than any of the High School Musical movies.
good Forget polygamy, hows about dating someone new every day? Well, the same someone who happens to inhabit a different skin upon waking. Great premise for a movie, so here we are."Every Day" is one of those giddy teen fantasies riding on a boffo, supernatural twist, that attempts to handle a crazy concept in a serious manner. And it kinda works. Works because the topics at hand - relationships, diversity and why we love - are universal enough to carry a twilight zone scenario.What could have been a comedic mess, or a ridiculous sci-fi drama, instead turns out to be a charming, clever little film, delivering a table full of food for thought. Sure it gets a bit sappy at times, but the tissue industry needs the support.
good Very enjoyable saw movie with more backstory. Kinda funny at times but still just as sick and twisted with plenty of blood and guts. You gotta love the bucket heads, an instant saw classic trap. Ending was mind blowing as always and I'm glad to see saw going back to it's roots. Cant't wait to see where this new trilogy will go. If you have seen the first seven saw films you definitely have to see this one!
good I have a couple of issues with this film (occasionally too much CGI, and a weird ending) but for the majority of its brief, 86-minutes-long run, this is a riveting film, exquisitely filmed in the Gold Coast of Australia, about a survivor of a shark attack clinging to life, figuratively and literally, on the side of a rock 200 feet from shore, with the shark still circling the waters. Normally watered down PG13-rating gives way to some surprisingly grisly bursts of gore, as she tries to suture her wounds with makeshift surgical tools, and a couple of brutal attack scenes. The film makes the most of a small cast, and Blake Lively carries the film almost entirely herself, spending at least two thirds of the film completely isolated. Well, she's not completely alone, she also has Steven "Sully" Seagull, as himself.
good Plot: 6Themes and Tone: 9Acting and Characters: 8Direction: 6Music and Score: 5Cinematography: 8Production Design: 10Special Effects: 7Editing: 9Pacing: 5Dialogue: 9Plot: Has been done before. This movie in the context of high school.Themes and Tone: The move goes for a dark theme and achieves it. On this level the film made an emotional impression on me.Acting and Characters: Strong stereotypes but the female lead and especially Halston Sage's performances make up for this. Direction: The movie is a slow start and spends too much time establishing the main characters as a typical mean girl clique. Part of the issue is the story itself (it's repetitive).Score and Music: I saw this movie with my daughter. I asked if she recognized any of the music in the film. She said no. Not music I would choose to listen to.Cinematography: This is actually one of the best features of the movie. Nice smooth camera work. Interesting angles and close-ups when needed.Production Design: Sets and backdrop are very believable and added to the overall theme of the movie. Special Effects: Aside from one jump scare pretending to be a special effect this aspect of the film is done well.Editing: Transitions between scenes and other editing is clean and flows.Pace: A slow start and eventually picks up to a decent pace.Dialogue: Well done. The film is repetitive due to it's nature. Even so each scene of dialog is needed and adds to the movie.I was surprised that I liked this movie more than I thought I would. I went because my daughter wanted to see a movie and she chose this one.
good  First off great movie. Nothing like any other basketball movie because the kid is friggin 14. He Got Game although stars the best baller ever Ray Allen is not about the game. Especially a child playing the game. The college game is lost and this is the reason why. It took 20 years for people to listen to Blue Chip. We need to start paying our student athletes because it's hard period to survive. Unemployment is hitting all time lows but 10% are hoarding all the money. If you haven't seen Blue Chip or He Got Game... why? Who are you?
good A crime-thriller movie has never been this better I think. 'Memories of Murder' offers some elements that some kind of crime movies don't have. First hour of this movie moves quite slowly, many investigations and jokes in it which is enjoyable to see. It shows how real-life detective investigates, makes suspect confess and sometimes cheats the evidence if it's necessary. And last an hour of this movie is so tense and brilliant, especially near ending of it. Bong Joon Ho shows his genius idea by adapted an unsolved true story into a terrifying and memorable film, also combining with some jokes that makes 'Memories of Murder' not boring to watch. What makes it different from other detective movies are some unclear evidence doesn't always lead it to the killer, perhaps it's just an accidental or coincidence. For me, 'Memories of Murder' is one of the best crime movie ever created and the one that could be remembered for a long time.
good  There are similarities to this and Harley Davidson and The Marlboro Man, which I won't go into. Suffice to say, I'd option for this instead. Stone Cold is a new wave action thriller that rides high on violence and action, that bikie fans will love. Although it didn't get a cinema release in Adelaide (I wish to hell it had) this action extravaganza has a good story too would you believe. Certain political figures and agents are getting bumped off, by a vicious bikie gang called The Brotherhood, led by the sadistic and always good Henrickson. The opening scene, just a set up of character, that has no bearing on the story, has agent Bosworth, chewing on a cookie as if it was the best one he ever had, when he's rudely interrupted by some two bid robbers. This readily confirms that our action fans are not gonna be disappointed by this one. Blackmailed by these agents into infiltrating the Brotherhood, he plays the part, going undercover, and of course falling in love with Henrickson's girl. And how could you not have the great character actor, the wild and unruly William Forsythe as one of the rowdy gang. This movies got everything, babes, explosions, gunfights, chases, and of course humor. Though the end, I hated. Why? Cause, it contradicts itself, with a couple of good people, intended victims, die, where Bosworth fails. Here, his retribution goes into overdrive, where on the other side of that coin, our audience who love craving revenge, this unpredictable mishap does deliver a more explosive, but stupid and forgettable ending. In the acting stakes, Bosworth, not the worst actor I've seen, is surpassed by his supporting players, one of course being Henricksen. But we're not really here to watch Bosworth's acting, though there is room for some bloody improvement.
good This movie really took a person's imagination to a whole new level.The story was interesting, and keeps a person engaged with what is happening. It was cool to see the power of imagination and how a simple thought could become something much bigger.Frank Walker, played by George Clooney, was recognized by his limitless imaginative capability. It was going to one day change the world as it is. He was able to do just that. Walker was a genius scientist who made a certain discovery about Tomorrowland that would hold the key to changing the world. With the help from Casey Newton, played by Britt Robertson, Walker was able to travel to the city and unravel what he had discovered so long ago.This movie has a simple story, and it is ideal for those with a creative and innovative imagination.
good  Its hard to know where to start with such a breathtaking film. Oliver Stone's Platoon is quite simply the best Vietnam war film ever made in my opinion. Everything about it is as close to perfection as we are likely to see. Charlie Sheen plays the lead, and Willem Defoe and Tom Berenger play the two sergeants that form a key part of the plot.Chris Taylor (Sheen) is torn between the sergeants. Barnes (Berenger) is the battle hardened, brutal murderer, who uses the war as an excuse to tender to his sadistic pleasures. Elias (Defoe) is the other side of the spectrum. We get the sense that he has wrestled with his inner demons, but he has successfully come through to the other side. He has compassion for his fellow man, and he uses drugs as a form of escapism from this brutal war. The two symbolise the struggle that Taylor must face if he is to survive out in Vietnam.Oliver Stone perfectly captures war. The shooting is frantic and impossible to follow. It perfectly disorientates us, just as the soldiers were. We have no idea who is being shot at, and neither do they. We follow the war at ground level, and see the brutalities first hand. Having served in Vietnam, the film is loosely based on Stone's time out there, and Taylor loosely based on himself.Full Metal Jacket showcases how inhumane the war was, Apocalypse Now turns it into a story about life in general, and hopelessness, but Platoon has everything. Trying hard to avoid the old cliché, but if you only watch one war film, make sure it is this one. Nothing else can come close.
good  I had heard superlative comments on this film and it does not disappoint.Paris is the backdrop and what a Paris, A Paris of La Boheme and the Merry Widow. Audrey is brilliant in the role of Amelie, projecting a true joie de vivre.The film is full of surprises in both plot and characters. I left the theatre feeling lighter. It is truly one of a kind, eccentric, unusual and uplifting. I will not say more on it as it would spoil the fun.I gave it a 10 out of 10 for something so completely out of the ordinary and so very unhollywood.
good This movie deserved a sequel. Maybe I missed it? In any event, I came to IMDb to see if there were opinions on what Judy does next at the end of the movie. To my surprise, in the IMDb description, it says that Judy reenlists. I don't think that point was made; rather, it is left to the audience to decide.Anyway, I started reading reviews, and my neck tensed up. Why? Because so many people write that Captain Doreen Lewis is a lesbian. First - who on earth cares? And, why then, was she drooling, and more, over Captain William Woodbridge. Good grief! If Captain Lewis' sexual preference were remotely connected to the story line, that would be a different story, but it's absolutely not. What's the problem? That Captain Lewis is a Captain?I hate it that we've become a world of sexual-preference-obsessed. It didn't used to be like that. It's not as though this heightened awareness is keeping kids and adults from getting their heads bashed in. I'd bet it happens more often. My daughter and I were almost attacked because we were holding hands and some idiots decided we were lesbians. What's wrong with them/you? This is a fine movie with great comedy, great performances, important messages... can't you ever detach from sexual preference obsession, and leave it at that? Good grief...
good In Cool Hand Luke Paul Newman shows us what the underside of what life is like as a rebel. Picture James Dean doing this part had he lived to do films like these.Newman plays his usual non-conformist rebel type, but he's really a rebel without a cause. He's in his early forties, a Korean war veteran who just hasn't found his place in civilian life. He gets himself busted for no great cause, just on a drunken spree in some Southern town he decides to knock the heads off a bunch of parking meters.That lands him a stint in a county jail with a lot of outdoor work on a road gang. He fights with, but later wins the respect and becomes friends with George Kennedy the head honcho in his barracks.The real tragedy of Cool Hand Luke is that Newman is a failure in life, it's why he's in prison. He gains the respect of his fellow convicts for those ways, but that involves going against the penal system and in the end that gets you nothing. Can you picture James Dean as a forty something doing what Newman is doing? It would have been his kind of role for sure.Newman does a fine job playing the non-conformist Luke who seems to be just going on the path fate has decreed for him. George Kennedy got his Oscar winning career role as Dragline. Other men in Luke's barracks are Wayne Rogers, Robert Drivas, and J.D. Cannon and they fill their roles well.Strother Martin as the warden of the place is the guy with the film's favorite line, "what we've got is failure to communicate." Martin and his correction officers have many interesting ways of getting their point across.Cool Hand Luke may very well be the saddest role Newman ever undertook in his long career.
good A wonderful, thought-provoking movie that is not your usual fare. This stayed with me long after the closing credits thanks, in no small part, to the utterly magnificent Hong Chau. Charming without being sugary, moving without being over-sentimental, funny without being side splitting or resorting to gross out gags. The film carries several messages that are not exactly subtle but relevant nevertheless.Wonderful special effects that fit in to the film without distracting from the story or becoming the centre piece and a musical score that also compliments.Christoph Waltz hits his usual gold standard with ease and Mat Damon plays the bumbling everyman to perfection.Films like this don't come along very often as movie studios tend to play safe but this is one to watch for certain, even if you end up disagreeing with my review.
good Prepare to delve into yet another intentionally bizarre Wes Anderson rabbit hole, guided by no less than three narrators providing flashback upon flashback... And then, somewhere in there, an actual story beginsSkipping to what's really important is Ralph Fiennes as M. Gustave, concierge of the neglected European GRAND BUDAPEST HOTEL during the 1930's. He sleeps with spinsters and runs the place with an iron fist – more polished silver than heavy chrome. His young mentoring bus boy, Zero, the one narrating in the form of an aged F. Murray Abraham, sticks to his boss like gum while the duo, like the story, jumps all over the placeAlthough a real plot is chiseled down from a horde of bantering dialogue when an extremely rich woman dies, bringing Gusave to an estate where he could inherit, to the chagrin of her nefarious son, a pricey painting. The first half ends with Gusave and Zero stealing the painting, and the intrigue builds nicely. Then something happens Or perhaps, you can say, too much happens far too soonWhen Gusave is sent to prison, director Anderson abandons his quirky character-driven romp and throws several genre-devices into the pot, including a heavily planned old school prison escape and a ruthless hit man: The latter in the form of motorcycle riding Willem Dafoe, a cross between Steve McQueen and Al Pacino's muggy bodyguard in the second GODFATHER: Dafoe's mobile loon kills anyone connected to Gustave, including pets.There are darkly humorous moments here and here, and always something to gander at, especially the picturesque locations resembling popups from an antique children's book But with so much running around the central plot is all but forgotten, and Ralph Fienne's smug yet endearing gigolo gets lost in a mix of wasted detours and distracting star cameos (including Bill Murray, who could have been played by anyone)And last but not least, with the task of playing the true leading role, young actor Tony Revolori displays the perfect deadpan that befits hipster-friendly art-house fare, but alas, he's not that interesting or, in a movie full of mischievous devils, someone worth rooting for.
good  It's late, so I'll just bullet point my thoughts.1.  Hulk as CGI - works most of the time, some of the time it doesn't. Nobody can argue with that.  But, like Gollum, the expressions of the face and the fantastic body language made you WANT to believe. Unlike Gollum, some of the shots just don't work at all.  The big CG breakthrough for this movie - the manipulation of real settings was just SPECTACULAR.  I fully belived that San Fran was getting torn apart.  2.  Too long.  Cut a half hour.  3.  The comic book style - hit and miss.  4.  Most of my friends hated the movie, yet.....  5.  ..... I found many of the scenes to be incredibly moving, which took me by surprise.  Though I secretly hoped that the Hulk would just be ICE Storm with Hulk in the Joan Allen role, I have to admit that Lee pulled off one helluva feat.  I sympathized more for the hulk than the entire MATRIX cast (of both movies) combined.  And I'll take a faulted movie with emotion over almost any big budget vehicle any day.The L Man
good  Really. His performance in Rush came as a huge surprise. This is his best performance by quite some margin, a role which he plays with a great deal of maturity and respect. He plays Hunt with just the right level of arrogance, cockiness, confidence and audacity to convince you that he was real life 70's playboy James Hunt, a man destined to live fast and die young.Bruhl is superb as Niki too. It's a role that he deserves much recognition for, particularly his accent and mannerisms. Lauda was one of the first of a new generation of professional driver, driving the old playboy characters out of the sport and Bruhl nails this icy determination to succeed magnificently. A particular nod goes to Christian McKay's portrayal as the slightly eccentric, petrol head extraordinaire, ever so aristocratic but hopelessly financially incompetent Lord Hesketh. The camera work is spectacular, none less so than with some very creative angles of the beautifully filmed on track action. The brief in-helmet camera shots are inspired, giving you a glimpse of the drivers world. CGI work will be spotted by the keen eyed, but you have to consider that without it that there are certain scenes involving priceless period machinery (the sound of a Cosworth DFV firing up and filling the cinema was worth the ticket price alone) that would be just impossible to film as accurately as they were depicted here with real machinery. As a result, they are able to use the CGI sparingly and to good effect.The main facts of the 1976 season are on the whole handled very accurately. Certainly, some liberties are taken with poetic licence, but this is still a scripted film and not a documentary. The factually heavy writing of the script along with beautifully filmed and liberal use of period machinery being recorded at pace on real asphalt will be enough to keep the fans of the sport well represented.It's a gripping telling of the 1976 Formula 1 season, which whilst not sharing the same shear spectacle of Howard's other 'too unbelievable to be true' film Apollo 13, Rush tells a story which would be just too unbelievable in terms of human bravery and personal destiny for any fictional story to be given credence. It's a tale which will be enough to hold the unfamiliar or casual viewer's attention with a steel firm grip to see how the different personalities handle the pressures of life both on and off the track and how rising to the top takes it's tole on these two polar opposite real life gladiators of the race track.With the lead actors clearly committed to giving their best performances yet and a tastefully handled script, Ron Howard delivers a visually impressive account of events that may well become one of his most respected directorial efforts yet.10/10
good  As with every great work, the film has its own unique perfection in style, rhythm, details, and artist's vision - but Tokyo Story is very universal in its appeal - it is for every parent, every son or daughter - for everyone. It was made 50 years ago in Japan, about people who lived far away, but it is also about all of us, our families, our problems, our guilt and our search for love and meaning.Ozu's film does not require one to be a movie buff or to try to solve complex symbolism to appreciate and love it. It brings smiles because it is a comedy (for at least the first 2/3) and sadness with a high drama of the last 1/3 of the film.Yasujiro Ozu's quiet and deceptively simple film tells a story of an elderly couple who travel to Tokyo to see their grown up children and their families - son, daughter and daughter-in-law who is a widow of their middle son that was killed during the World War II. Their children love them, of course but they are too busy with their own lives and jobs to spend much time with them. Their young grandchildren don't know them and not too eager to try to know their grandparents better. Only the widowed daughter-in-law is the one who is really happy with their arrival and tries to make their visit pleasurable. After parents return home, children receive a telegram with the sad news that the mother became critically ill. Now it is their turn to make a journey.Ozu does not judge anybody, but beneath the quiet politeness, smiles, and soft voices there is a sad, inevitable, and powerful alienation of generations in the modern world of big cities. The simple family melodrama has been told with intensity, humanity, and honesty of character.P.S. The first thing I wanted to do after I finished watching this film was to pick up the phone and call my mom. Just to hear her voice.
good I cannot understand all the hatred for this movie. Nicolas Winding Refn bounces back from Only God Forgives with this dark, twisted and nightmarish horror film about a young model in Los Angeles who attracts fascination and unwanted attention from the modelling industry and her fellow models. Admittedly, it's only a good movie on a story level. The plot is relatively thin and the characters are underdeveloped. As a piece of art it's an utter knockout. Every single frame is a painting and every image advances the story forward and creates new meaning. This isn't a narrative film. It's a film to experience and to be amazed by. This is a rare movie where being style-over-substance is brilliant because the style is the substance. The artistic mastery on display here takes you on a roller coaster ride of emotions. This movie will have you feeling joyous one moment and terrified the next. The soundtrack is absolutely flawless as well. Elle Fanning is great and all the actors do a good job with their limited dialogue. Even Keanu Reeves is decent in this movie. A flawed masterpiece, The Neon Demon is a mesmerizing, hypnotic and mind-blowing cinematic nightmare that stands high above most of 2016's other films, even though quite a lot of people disliked it. 9/10
good  On Leonardo DiCaprio's 31st birthday, I have the pleasure of praising one of the finest actors working today. I didn't realize what I was seeing when that homeless boy showed up on 'Growing Pains'--a show not exactly known for the quality of its actors. And I didn't see much to like about "Titanic" except the excitement of watching the people evacuating and the ship sinking. Also, 'Romeo and Juliet' was just corny, with 400-year-old dialogue in a modern setting.But if he could be nominated for his 'Aviator' performance, DiCaprio must be doing something right. And here he shows us what he is capable of. Especially when Frank Jr. is conning people, and most of all when he tries to outwit Hanatty. I am reminded of Harrison Ford and Tommy Lee Jones in "The Fugitive", or perhaps Burt Reynolds and Jackie Gleason in "Smokey and the Bandit". The strange but enjoyable chemistry between these two characters goes a long way toward making this movie work.Frank Jr. showed a lot of intelligence, and DiCaprio effectively showed us what this man could do. Imagine what he could have accomplished if he had stayed on the right side of the law. But his life on the run was more fun to watch.Tom Hanks, as popular as he is, can be commended for his willingness to play second banana for a change. And he did a fine job. Martin Sheen and Christopher Walken also made an impact here.I loved the old cars and the even older songs. The clip from 'To Tell the Truth' was a nice touch. The theme song still gives me a craving for vanilla ice cream after nearly 30 years (I didn't feel I had time to watch the new version).This was Oscar-caliber. Too bad the Academy Awards people didn't seem to agree.
good  Logan is the 2017 movie everyone has been anticipating after two great trailers and a R rating it delivers a surprising amount of heart to characters we have grown to love and know and also balancing a surprising amount of action within the first and third act climax, its violent but not blood for blood sake every cut is with reason.Logan presents us with Logan (Wolverine), Professor X and Laura (X-23) and by definition its an escort mission involving X-23 but shes more capable than Logan and Professor X thinks and shes able to fend for herself. Logan is old and a grizzled shadow of what he once was and by going on this mission he unlocks some of the old wolverine inside of him and we see bursts of that throughout the movie, Logan also begins to realize things about himself through the vision of this little girl because they have striking similarities.Every scene in this film feels necessary from the character development to the humor and action nothing is forced everything comes off natural which is a breath of fresh air and I was very pleased with it, I believe that this movie will be very well received by fans as it treats its characters with such care and embarks on an emotional and satisfying conclusion to Hugh Jackmans Logan (Wolverine).
good  this movie was awful, I was deceived by the fake rating. it was full of pseudoscience, so superficial and boring. every single minutes could be challenged by a science professional. being a PhD student in science, I envy SciFi script writers and directors that they can pop up any bullshit and be praised by non-professional audience. such a ridiculous robot, underground NASA that launches billion dollar projects in famine a condition, the huge tide on that planet without considering the depth of water, entering the black-hole unprotected, LOVE being the 5th dimension, contacting through black-hole by pushing the books! Oh my! can anybody be more superficial about science? my advice to anybody who has a critical mind: don't waist your time.
good  427 points divided 82 reviews equal 5.20But the rate keep on 6.6. Can you tell me how is this possible ? Witchcrafttttt !!!!!!
good At the start of J.K. Rowling, thank you for this wonderful series of books forever. I can tell you this current state of my childhood and my future. Sign up everywhere it has always been a part of Harry Potter's name. I'd say the most important series of my life. I owe my childhood such wonderful pass to the books and movies of this series. In this series, even though I know better than the series it has always been a special place for me in this series and it will always continue. This movie is definitely the best in the series. And the players is the most mature film. You feel throughout the film until the end of the final air and this is an amazing thing for fans like me. Book series as well as certainly never did. However, in each film it was pretty cool. And with incredible finale made this film. Harry certainly kept the best for last. Put all the music from the beginning to the end of the movie you are very successful and internal chills. You feel deeply cool is really going on. When the film ended up being a very big gap within you. Of course, you are a part of this world...
good Buster Keaton's most surreal movie sprang from his insistence on logic and realism. His tribute to cinema was inspired by stage magic tricks he remembered from his vaudeville career. His most dazzling and original movie is also one of his least formally perfect. All these paradoxes belong naturally to this "through the looking glass" work, which examines the dream-like nature of filmor is it the film-like nature of dreams? As Buster told it, the origin of the film lay in his desire to use certain illusionary stunts, like the bewildering dive through a living assistant's stomach, which he had learned the secret of as a child. But he firmly believed that impossible or "cartoon" gags were not acceptable in feature films, so he could only include them by making them occur in a dream, which is also a film-within-a-film. This is odd, when you think about it, since what he seems to be saying is that impossible things can happen in a filmbut this was the very rule he himself refused to break. By creating an outer film that is "real" and an inner film that is "not real," Keaton shows that, while film enables illusions and distortions of reality, the filmmaker has a choiceand a responsibilityto clearly delineate fact from fantasy. In one scene, Keaton uses a camera trick (dissolving a wall) to prove that he's NOT using a camera trick when he dives through a window and comes out disguised as an old woman. Because he was analytical, mechanically-minded, and a stickler for authenticity, Keaton took pleasure in revealing the processes of magic tricks, and camera tricks, rather than using them to fool the audience.Buster plays a hapless cinema projectionist who yearns to be a detective, but is so clueless that his romantic rival manages to frame him for stealing his girlfriend's father's watch. In a dream, he enters the film he's projecting and becomes a great detective who solves a similar crime. While Buster's on-screen character is a schlemiel who can only achieve mastery in his celluloid fantasies, as a director Keaton's grasp of the mechanics of film-making enabled him to control the camera and its imagery as thoroughly and gracefully as he controlled his acrobatic body. SHERLOCK JR. is the most technically advanced film he ever made, including special effects (as when Buster steps through the screen and gets edited from park bench to street to mountain-top to lion's den) that can still leave audiences wondering, "How in hell did he do that?" It's often said that Keaton's films inspire gasps rather than laughs. Well, I just saw SHERLOCK JR. with an audience last night, and the laughter was loud and regular as fireworks on the Fourth of July. But it's a particular kind of laughter: surprised, amazed, incredulous laughter.The first half of the movie takes place in the "real" world; it begins with some nice small-scale gags involving Buster's attempts to scrounge up money to buy candy for his girl, and his adorably awkward visit to her house. After he has been thrown out due to his rival's machinations, Buster "shadows" the man (literally, copying his every motion exactly), but is tricked again and trapped in a freight train. There's a beautiful shot where he runs along the top of the train, staying in the same spot on the screen while the cars zoom by under him in the opposite direction; but I can't watch the stunt where he rides a water-spout down to the tracks without wincing, knowing he fractured his neck doing it.The beginning of the dream sequence is one of the greatest self-reflexive scenes in the history of film, as Buster's ghostly double rises from his sleeping body, picks up his ghostly hat, marches down into the theater and steps into the screen. Haven't we all wanted to do this at some time? Once over his turbulent introduction to the medium, Buster becomes the elegant Sherlock, Jr., investigating a theft of pearls from a mansion. In a marvelous game of billiards, Buster smoothly plays around an exploding 13 ball; he escapes from the thieves' den with one of the neatest tricks you'll ever see; he rides through busy streets on the handlebars of a motorcycle that no one is driving; and he goes for a romantic sail in a floating car. All this is packed into a mere 45 minutes.Significantly cut after poor previews, SHERLOCK JR. has more in common with Keaton's short films than his features. Because of the fractured story-line, it doesn't have the narrative coherence or trajectory of character development that most of Keaton's great features do. His performance is split between the shy, inept projectionist and the suave, infallible detective. He is totally convincing in both roles. When he wakes from his dream, the projectionist finds that all is well: the girl has solved the mystery and come to apologize. He is still timid as ever, so for a romantic denouement he looks to the screen: peeking out of his booth, he copies the actions of the movie hero wooing his leading lady. This is Keaton's most trenchant bit of social satire: whose ideas of kissing and love-making haven't been influenced by what they see at the movies?
good Premiering at Cannes, this was one of the most anticipated movies of the year. Maybe not for the Multiplex going, entertainment seeking audience but for people who actually care for gritty cinema. I, personally, have always been a fan of Anurag Kashyap, Manoj Bajpayee as well as Piyush Mishra. So, for me this movie was like cinematic heaven, before it even started.It is a story unfolding through generations in Wasseypur, Jharkhand(erstwhile Bihar). It starts with Sahid Khan( played brilliantly by Jaideep Ahlawat), who robs trains by the pseudonym of Sultana Daku which is in fact the pseudonym of another Dacoit that lives in the village. So, on one such attempt, the original Sultana Daku kills of Sahid Khan's gang and throws him out of Wasseypur. Thus starts the rivalry of the Khans and the Qureshis. Sahid Khan moves to Dhanbad where he leaves this life of robbery behind him and starts working in a field mine. During child birth, his wife dies while he was unable to reach her in time because he wasn't informed by the authorities. The son grows up over the years and India soon wins independence. With Independence, the British abandon the mines which are soon given to a Jamindar, Ramadhir Singh. He needs Pahalwans(bouncers) to run the mines and keep the workers in control, so he hires Sahid Khan. What Ramadhir Singh did not foresee was that Sahid Khan himself wanted the throne all for himself. When Ramadhir Singh finds out, he sends Sahid for a job at Banaras where Sahid Khan is assassinated. He also tries to kill Sahid's younger brother and son but they escape. The kid grows up to be Sardar Khan( Manoj Bajpayee) whose only aim in life is revenge against Ramadhir Singh, the guy who killed his father. "Goli Nahi Maarenge Usko, Keh Ke Lenge Uski".I won't say that if i continue with the story, it'll give the movie away but the thing is every twist and turn of the story, every little detail, Anurag Kashyap wants you to explore for yourself. There are so many characters and so many stories that it becomes more of an epic than a movies. With Piyush Mishra's narration, the movie unfolds smoothly as you will keep watching dumbstruck at the crime and the 'bakaiti'. The usage of slang is in abundance. Definitely, not a movie that you can watch with your family, or even girlfriend, for that matter. Brilliant performances, a brilliant script, and wonderful direction leaves you expecting for more. Waiting for the 2nd part eagerly.
good  The same quality that made epics like "Gone with the Wind," "Lawrence of Arabia," "Doctor Zhivago," and, ultimately, "Titanic" the memorable stories they were is present in spades in "Ben-Hur." These are stories, though told on canvases far vaster than the CinemaScope- or Panavision-sized movie screens they were meant for, succeed because, in their best moments, they focus on the interaction between and history of as few as two characters.What begins as a childhood friendship between a Roman boy and a Jewish boy in Roman-occupied Palestine, becomes, briefly, a politically-charged rivalry, and ultimately, a search for revenge by one upon the other.Charlton Heston and Stephen Boyd deliver the performances of their careers, and get to chew up scenery and sets of such grandeur that Hollywood could never afford their like again.This film, the greatest epic film ever made, deserves every accolade heaped upon it. The modern viewer may have to apply some patience, but at the end of the nearly four hour running time will find themselves to be vastly rewarded for it. You will find your life changed by both the scale of the film and the intimate message of friendship, betrayal, revenge--and the power of forgiveness.
good Engrossing satire from Paddy Chayefsky and Sidney Lumet about sensationalism and the almighty dollar in television. All the performances astound, especially Beatty as the tycoon who tells Peter Finch his ideal America and his ideal philosophy on where America is heading. The film is a fine mix of black comedy and drama, brought to life by Chayefsky's incredible script and Lumet's superb direction. Dunaway won a much deserved Oscar for her performance. It's a performance that makes your jaw drop to the floor from start to finish. She makes being a bitch look so darn good.
good  To be brutal, this movie is cynical. I mean, Mike Myers is a funny guy, but this constant rehash of old material (see the radar jokes, the shadow-on-the-wall, the father-son misunderstandings) is just a bit worrying and suggests Mr. Myers has run out of ideas.There are some classic moments in the movie, like the beginning sequence, and the shadow-on-the-wall sequence involving Mini-me, but the whole thing stinks of self-indulgence and money-making rather than originality or passion.I felt myself, straining to laugh throughout the 90 minutes or so I was in the cinema, and I SO wanted to love this movie as I loved the previous two installments. Mike Myers is funny, and Beyonce Knowles is surprisingly good too, but Michael Caine isn't given the right material to shine and the Osbournes cameo verges on the pointless.Good, but not your best effort. Austin Powers 4? No thank you
good  This is the third,and arguably the best, of the so-called "spaghetti western" trilogy. It is ironic that, at the time the three Sergio Leone westerns were released, they were largely panned by critics as being poor and even laughable imitations of American-made westerns. The fact that they were filmed in Italy and Spain resulted in them receiving their amusing nickname which was intended to degrade them at the time.Somehow, over the quarter century or so since their release, the critics have tended to change their opinions, and now these movies are generally regarded as classics. Perhaps this is because Clint Eastwood was principally known only as the second banana, Rowdy Yates, in the television series "Rawhide" when the films were produced but since then has achieved superstardom. But I also think it goes beyond that. I believe the critics decided to take another look at these films and realized that they had been premature in writing them off. Actually, I believe the three films were considerably better than most of what Hollywood produced. In fact, I think that TGTBATU ranks among the best westerns ever produced bringing to mind the magnificent films of John Ford, the undisputed master of that genre, and his protege, the incomparable John Wayne. I have nothing but praise for this film. In fact, I rank it as one of my favorite films of all time. I could write volumes of what is good about this film. But since its qualities have been oft repeated in other viewer reviews, I will focus on what others didn't like about it. Most of the IMDb reviews had only one major complaint: the film is too long. I disagree. In fact, in spite of its nearly three hour length, I was disappointed that it ended. I was so absorbed in the film that I was disheartened to have to return to reality. The combination of story, cinematography, acting and musical score left nothing to be desired other than more of the same! The sequences that seemed to drag on in the opinion of other reviewers were necessary to fully create moods and to drive home important points. For example, the opening sequence might be regarded as needlessly long as Angel Eyes taunts a hapless man over a leisurely meal. But to me, scenes like that are what makes the movie great! The time allows the viewer to fully appreciate the amazing replication of the primitive home and the pitiful life of its dirt-poor inhabitants. I felt as though I was sitting there at the table; I was half tempted to reach for a bowl and spoon to partake of the meal. And all the while the suspense was building towards the inevitable climax. You know it's coming but not when and the length of the scene drives you crazy but makes it all the more satisfying when it does happen. Another example is when Tuco punishes Joe by forcing him to walk through the desert. This is possibly the only time that one might become bored with the film. But again, I think the time for the scene was justified in that we are able to receive the full impact of that experience and enjoy the haunting music at the same time. Joe's subsequent predicament might not have had much credibility had this sequence been abbreviated. In my opinion, one of the essential elements of a great film is creating moods that absorb our attention. This often takes time, lots of time. For example, many of the scenes in the magnificent film "Dr. Zhivago" were almost painfully long but they were necessary to create those startling surrealistic moods, and the film would not have been great without them. In many ways, TGTBATU has this same sort of greatness. It is a sweeping epic with very compelling characters and magnificent settings that draws the viewer in and doesn't release him until the closing credits begin to roll. When it's over, you feel that you've been on a long and exciting journey. Such a journey takes time.In summary, if you haven't seen this film, buy it right away. Don't rent it because you will not want to part with it once you've seen it.Then curl up with it on a cold, rainy Sunday afternoon when you are in no hurry to do anything.
good  John "Scottie" Ferguson (Jimmy Stewart, never better) is a retired detective with a severe fear of heights after a botched chase to capture a criminal. Due to his newly acquired acrophobia, he retires and wanders around the beautiful streets of San Francisco. Out of the blue, an old college friend Gavin Elster asks him to follow his wife Madeleine, as he believes that Madeleine may be possessed by the spirit of her great-grandmother, drifting in and out of reality and into trance-like states of mind. So Scottie agrees to follow the mysterious blonde (Kim Novak) as Hitchock guides us throughout San Francisco and into his strange and dark mind. Little by little, Scottie begins to become infatuated with Madeleine, and after he saves her from suicide (she jumped into San Francisco Bay) and decides to help her, he falls madly in love with her. In finding pieces of the puzzle to Madeleine's mystery, their journey takes them to the San Juan Bautista where Madeleine meets her end by tumbling off the bell tower, presumably by suicide. Scottie tried to save his love but his fear of heights stopped him. For the next year Scottie falls into a deep depression, feeling guilty for his impotency to save his love. His depression is halted when he sees Judy Barton (Novak again). Judy isn't like Madeleine--she's plain, in touch with reality and even vulgar when compared. But her face looks so much like Madeleine. Scottie begins to court Judy first for herself but eventually he tries to mold her into the beauty he lost prematurely, unaware that Judy has a big secret up her sleeve.When it was first released, Vertigo didn't get good reviews and it didn't make money at the box office. People didn't understand the bizarre dream sequences that were so ahead of their time, they didn't feel sympathy for the characters (at the end, even Scottie is unlikable), and the BIG TWIST is given away in the middle of the movie instead of at the end, a la Psycho. Even I had my complaints about that last one, yet after a second viewing I realized that this movie wasn't even about what really happened to what really happened to Madeleine; it's about men's psychological--and sexual--desire for the perfect woman, even if she's out of touch with reality. This movie is considered Hitchcock's most personal film, as he could be domineering with his actresses, trying to mold them into his own dream. After the "failure" of Vertigo, Hitchcock never worked with Jimmy Stewart again, unfairly blaming him for not being able to draw a crowd on account of his age. Luckily for everyone, Vertigo has gotten better with age and is no longer forgotten. In the late 80s Vertigo started popping up on Top 10 Films of All Time lists, and today it's considered Hitchock's best film, and most definitely one of the best ever made.The biggest reason for Vertigo's late success is because it is Hitchcock's most analyzed film and because it works on a psychological level; The film points out that men would rather have an unavailable, beautiful woman who is out of touch with reality than a woman who understands her surroundings and is utterly available. This is pointed out twice, once with Midge, an ex-fiancée and good friend of Scottie and later with Judy, who tries to make Scottie love her for who she is and not because she reminds Scottie of Madeleine. The first hour is drawn out very slowly, and while it's not as fast-paced as other Hitchcock's films, he uses it wisely. He starts by first gaining--later testing--our sympathy for Scottie; when he's hanging for his dear life in the opening scene, we pray for him (even though we know that there would be no movie if Jimmy Stewart dies in the first 3 minutes). When he's chasing Madeleine up the bell tower, we hope that he can get there in time and kiss his lover. And when the romance turns dark in the second outing to the bell tower, you feel just as caught in the middle as Scottie does in that moment. Hitchcock blurred the lines between victim and villain, and he earns our creative respect for him.The key element to why Vertigo works so well in the end is because of the actors. It's practically impossible to think of anyone other than James Stewart, who embodied the everyman, and for that reason is so convincing in testing our sympathies. It's all in the minimalistic ways he does it, with the slightest crinkle in the forehead or the movement in the eyes doing evoking more emotion than most actors do screaming and crying. This is his best performance next to Mr. Smith Goes to Washington. And Kim Novak is ravishing and haunting both as Madeleine and Judy, utterly convincing in both roles. With my respects to Grace Kelly, Novak just may be the most mysterious and convincing Hitchcock blonde to grace the screen. Their chemistry together, despite their age difference is explosive and natural.Buy--don't rent--this DVD and you'll find yourself falling for every detail of this brilliant film.
good  Sophisticated twist on a TV drama. Just one episode and I am hooked!
good Of all war movies this is the one with the best idea behind it.  Think how easy it is to make a bad war movie.  A group of people must blow up a bridge, and this is the story of their quest ...  Actually, that DID serve as the premise for a film: it was called `Force Ten from Navarone', and it was dire.  Or how about this one: we see close up the brutalities of war. (Then we see them again.  Then we see some more of the brutalities of war. Then we see the credits.)  Or how about this: a humble American soldier, with the pragmatism native to his breed, rejects his superiors' highfalutin talk of honour and glory and asserts his basic humanity in trying to stay alive.  Or this one: we see English prisoners of war maintain their dignity in the face of Japanese brutality.They're all present, in a sort of a way: but ALSO present is a magnificent, long, suspenseful, tight story, around which these apparent clichés wrap naturally.  If the clichés don't wrap naturally then they, not the story, are bent out of shape.  Just when we think that the American pragmatist will turn out to be the hero, we see him cut a rather shabby figure, and it seems that there really WAS something to that highfalutin talk of honour and glory, after all.  But then we discover that he has standards of his own, and they appear to be better ones.  But THEN it seems that ...  I could go on indefinitely, since there are many people here with something to be said for them, and it requires some thought to see who has the most to be said for him in the end.There's almost no need to mention the excellent performances, photography and music.  The only thing one might have qualms about is historical accuracy.  Nothing like this ever happened.  Still, that makes the movie much less dishonest than those that base themselves on historical events, and then proceed to get them all wrong.  You can only be misled by `The Bridge on the River Kwai' if you don't know that it's pure fiction.  Well - you know now.
good  I've been looking forward to seeing this movie for a few years, I've read all the books including the more recent one ('The Wind Thru the Keyhole') and other books that Walter appeared in. It's currently 2017, and anyone who hasn't learned the 'book to movie' lesson by now needs to finally learn it so that they can also enjoy movies what they are, which is an extra bonus for a book that is well liked by a lot of people. If the movie actually turns out good than all the better, but being more realistic about movies not having to live up to the books they're based on is best thing to do so you don't end up like the rest of these bitter people who leave the movie theater as quickly as possible just to come back home and write a 'nerd'tastic negative one starred review expressing all their deep down inner angst in the most pathetic form possible. Luckily I beat many of them to the punch before they tore this fun and entertaining movie apart, and I did find it entertaining thanx to having zero expectations about it, go ahead and try it next time you go to a similar movie, you'll at least temporarily enjoy yourself. Whining and complaining about trivial things isn't good for you or anyone else anyways.I thought they did a fairly good job considering all the various challenges that this potential movie presented them, and the fact that it at one point seemed like it may never even get released or get just get much further delayed didn't make the project seem as promising as it did when first hearing about it's production a few years back for the first time. I got my expectations up very high when I first heard about it, but as time went on I would settle for just about anything decent, and 'decent' it sure was, though I'll rate the movie a 10 to make up for one or two reviews from the Negative Nancys of IMDb. I'm happy to see that Sony left this open for a sequel, It's still not a for sure thing if they'll make another, though King seems to think they will, but I'd pay a lot of money to see a movie based of the backstory from 'Wizard and Glass'.Bottom line: Have fun, it's a fun movie whether you have read the books or not. Not a bad choice for the kids either, lot of action, no nudity, and not much cussing from what I recall, (12+ is my guess depending on who you are, ratings can be deceiving).If you haven't read the books: Read them if you're an avid reader, you won't regret it, but if you're just an average reader then the 8 books will take you far too long to get thru and you'll probably give up and have wasted a lot of time trying. One trick is just to be disciplined enough to read every single day if possible, and it doesn't even have to be much because it will add up over the course of year, and if you were to read 10 - 15 pages per day every day you'd be able to finish 'The Dark Tower' series within one year. (Quick easy formula: 365 days per year, very roughly 365 pages per book, so 5 pages per day will get you thru 5 books per year, and not difficult at all to make that 40 pages per day, and at the end of the year you will have read 40 BOOKS! Probably more books than you've ready in your life, just got to form the habit first and go from there, keep track with a notebook to stay disciplined if you have to). Other King suggestions: 'The Shining' Even better than the movie, and possibly underrated because of the movie's popularity, and the fact most people are too lazy to read. 'The Eyes of the Dragon' Walter is a main character, and King once again digs into the darkness of the man's psyche while weaving a great story in Medieval times. 'The Stand' The ultimate apocalyptic adventure with Walter doing what he does best, and the fate of the lives of dozens of different characters all linked to Walter thru their dreams of him, and has 1000 or so pages to all find each other and come together to somehow stop him while avoiding much betrayal and many obstacles along the beaten path that is led and aided by their other dreams of another character who is out to help them find where they need to be going. 'Different Seasons' No, it's not a story about a possessed spice rack) This book includes four novellas (short novels). Most of you will recognize of 2 or 3 of the others as those were all turned into good movies ('The Shawshank Redemption' 'Apt Pupil' and 'The Body' AKA 'Stand By Me'), and just as is usually the case are far superior to the films, and not that the films are bad at all. It's just the reality that books always beat movies, it's no contest at all, but movies are a time for us to do something unproductive and be happy while doing it. So don't be like these sad saps who would actually pay for a movie knowing very well that they'll not have a good time. One of the secrets to life is 'to have a good time when you're able to', and if you like to laugh at bad movies that are trying to be serious then you need to finally get yourself on the MST3K and Rifftrax bandwagon.
good To start off, I would like to point out that I am not a hater of foreign or B&W films, and I also have respect for different artistic styles in cinema. But this film was simply terrible.The protagonist fails to develop or evolve in any way. So many people have described the boy as being "misunderstood", and authority is considered the villain...but this is NOT a film about a misunderstood child being victimised for no reason. He is given plenty of fair opportunities to improve and redeem himself from his selfish, reckless actions, but he shoots them all down and continues to do wrong until his parents are forced to go to extreme measures to control him...and even then, he does not change. There is absolutely no character journey.We are also shown a great amount of long, pointless shots that do nothing to advance the plot, nor carry any discernible symbolism.The whole experience is a slow, dull observation of a dislikable boy reaping what he has sewn time and time again, without learning from his mistakes. Painfully pointless, and unrecommended if you value good characters and plot.
good  It is a class thriller and gripping till the end. It is one of the finest in the class of thriller movies in terms of screenplay, photography and last but not least the story telling mechanism is stylish. Mystery is held tight and never could be revealed.Worth for the money. I think the world of movie review must lay out certain key indicators to be fair and honest and give true review The only shock was the general review I saw about this movie but what I saw was pretty cool. Coolest scenic beauty of European cities and cold winter snow added to the mystery value including some lifestyle and culture exposure for the audience. There is still room for improvements but the catch is deliberate subtleties pumped in the screenplay to confuse and keep biting the nails till end with some release of pressure from time to time to introduce new complexities. Overall a refreshing movie for thrill seekers..
good  What is it, where is it, how will it affect me? A man stumbles out of a desert after 4 years gone missing, and travels back to Los Angeles with his brother to reunite him with his son, before leaving again to find his past lover and the mother of his son. Behind its endlessly clever jiving title lies a totally complete, sentimental and sophisticated work. Seeing Paris, Texas through developed, hardened and scarred eyes is just as poignant as when it splashes over the tabula rasa mind of a supple and innocent child. One of the most wondrous aspects of this film is how Wim Wenders sets off from Europe to the south-west and immediately captures its natural beauty. I remember the opening shot well. When I sat down to watch Paris, Texas, aged 12 or so, my dad came in and said: "Oh that's a great film. But you have to turn up the volume (on the tiny TV). You can't watch a film with that good a soundtrack with the volume that quiet." What follows has become a very personally affecting journey. Analytically, Paris, Texas bears no fruits of profound wisdom or revelations, but then it never sets out to. I'm drawn powerlessly to the way that Wenders treats movement as a completely different entity throughout Paris, Texas, changing his cinematographic aura and mood whenever the characters in focus are travelling, seeking panning shots of everything that the non-studio surrounding has to offer the lens: neon, alien landforms, concrete, scrap metal, cars and interchanges, all with the blissful haunting and chilling score by Ry Cooder: truly one of the most masterful pieces of music ever written. However, when the characters are still: in monologue, in deep conversation, or in thought, the tempo and mood instantly change. Such chameleon-like versatility is immensely impressive, regardless of its content. Taking my two favourite scenes in the film: starting with movement: the protagonist, a closed and intriguing man that silently infatuates the audience from the very beginning, crosses a bridge over a freeway whilst a deranged man screams rapturous gospel in a piercing, timeless voice, whilst Cooder's slide guitar becomes agitated, and Wenders' camera sticks tightly to the protagonist's steps. I read a conversation with the actor who played he who is dubbed Paris, Texas's 'screaming man', and he told me most of the scene was adlibbed. I like that. Don't you? By contrast, the film's climax, its most hailed stationary scene, begins with the protagonist walking through a club, draped in a low and fuzzy light, to a booth, where his past lover comes to join him, unaware of who she is talking to. Her (Natasha Kinskji) and him (Harry-Dead Stanton) play out an overwhelmingly intimate and emotionally power screenplay, whilst the camera doesn't move a muscle. Preamble over: the point I'm getting it as that most scenes in Paris Texas are like this. They're ridden with charm and accessibility whilst still managing to be of breathtaking aesthetic beauty.
good Here is Francois Truffaut's classic. This is considered to be a classic of French cinema but I respectfully disagree. In my opinion, repeat IN MY OPINION this movie does have a lot of problems.The plot of this movie is that Antoine is a child in France who has negligent parents and frequently gets in trouble with his teacher frequently. He takes it upon himself to run away from home (for little reason) and when returning steals money and other objects.Firstly, there is not one character to sympathize with. Antoine was clearly someone to feel sympathy for, but who feels sympathy for someone who skips school only to arrive the next day and say his mother died. I couldn't see him as anything other than a petty criminal who couldn't take the punishment he was given.Then there are parts of this movie that are just weird in terms of action and reaction. If a child almost burns down your house by accident what would be a logical move? a) punish the kid and move the matches to a place where he couldn't find them or b) go watch a movie at the cinema. If you thought a) then you would be wrong. I know they're negligent but this is just ridiculous.So that is the 400 Blows. In my eyes it is not a good movie but in most others it is a classic. If you want to watch it then that is fine. If you have a problem with stuff like what I said above then don't watch it.
good  A Terminator(Arnold Schwarzenegger) was sent from the future to kill the unborn son of Sarah Connor(Linda Hamilton) in the original. Now, that Terminator has been sent back again but with a different assignment: Protect John Connor. John Connor(Edward Furlong) is now about 10 years of age and must evade a new Terminator sent to kill him;The T-1000(Robert Patrick). Sarah, John, and The Terminator journey together on their quest to stop Judgement Day, with a trailing, shape-shifting Termiantor trailing from behind.This is the greatest of the Terminator trilogy. I have watched three times in the past year and have not found anything that Cameron could have improved on. The move is a masterpiece in every aspect of film. Schwarzenegger's acting might not be incredible but this is the perfect role for him. He isn't supposed to show emotion or feelings. He is a machine. I hate almost every one of his movies besides this trilogy because he is a horrible actor but he works perfectly into this role.The special effects are incredible beyond belief. The shape-shifting T-1000 is some of the greatest animation I have witnessed in cinema history. It absolutely blew my mind when I first experienced this visual extravaganza. The animation looked so real(remembering this was a good ten years). The movie included fast-paced action along with some clever sci-fi drama/horror. The idea of a vast army of machines taking over the world after sending off warheads to every major city should be scary enough. But the T-1000 has very little lines and is just creepy enough to make twitch when you see him.Sci-fi movies can rarely be made in such way that can be looked at as works of art. This is one of the few exceptions. The prediction of judgment day with Hamilton watching a playground full of kids be burnt to the ground is an absolute brilliant portrayal of Armageddon. The theme that men will destroy themselves is also shown throughout the movie also and is even said by The Terminator" It's in your nature to destroy yourselves". This brings the movie to a whole new level of sci-fi.Overall, Termiantor II: Judgement Day is an absolute must see classic. If you have not seen it, buy it! Because once you have seen it, you will want to do so anyways. It is fast paced and highly enjoyable for just about every audience.I highly recommend this movie.
good On the Criterion Collection DVD of Orson Welles' classic "Citizen Kane" there is an original theatrical trailer where Welles cleverly advertises the film by introducing us to the cast including the chorus girls, whom he refers to as some nice ballyhoo. That pretty much sums up my opinion of the often over analyzed film that always shows up at the top of the list of greatest films ever made. Even though this was the first time I sat down to watch the film as a whole, I knew everything about it from studying it in film class and from the countless number of essays, homages, and parodies that have come down the pike over the years. It seems impossible now to judge the film against a blank slate, but with great ballyhoo comes great scrutiny.Released in 1941 by RKO as a Mercury Theater Production, "Citizen Kane" is the tale of an influential and shockingly wealthy newspaper tycoon (Welles) inspired by the life of William Randolph Hearst. The story follows the investigation into the origins of "Rosebud"-the mysterious word Kane utters on his deathbed. Following newsreel footage announcing Kane's death, we are then thrust into a series of flashbacks through interviews with various people who knew Kane that reveal the nature of his character.From a technical standpoint, Welles' film is as innovative and engrossing today as it was yesterday. Every single piece of cinematic trickery, every dissolve, every long tracking shot, every seamless edit, every play with chronology, every special effect is perfect. Welles was audacious and inventive with his art, and it is for these technical aspects that "Citizen Kane" will always stand the test of time.However, the story of "Citizen Kane" remains cold and distant. I didn't instantly connect with the characters and the plot the way I did with other classics from the period like "Casablanca" or "The Third Man" or even more recently, "There Will Be Blood." Often, the supporting players over-act, and the flashbacks are tedious (especially the one detailing Kane's second marriage) or emotionless (like the scene showing Kane's snow covered childhood). There's a certain smug arrogance to the whole production that makes it seem like perhaps Welles was secretly making a comedy. It leaves one wondering how it would've come across had Welles actually been allowed to do a straight up biopic of Hearst.Is it any wonder that so many critics today hail this as THE all time great? Much of today's cinema is geared towards style and technique over substance, and way back in 1941, Welles was the first to author this very modern brand of cinema where the art is not in the story but how it is told and shown to the audience. His "Citizen Kane" is technically rich, layered, and enthralling but narratively vapid. Did I ever really care about Kane or Rosebud? No, but it was fascinating to watch. It's some very nice ballyhoo indeed.
good This movie delivers a simple clear message in a hilarious way ... love yourself. And you'll laugh while feeling the movie "gets" you, all of us. This is for your young self.
good  Although considerable liberties have been taken with historical facts, this film is based upon true events. In 1974 an IRA bomb in a pub in Guildford, England, killed several people. Four young Irish people ("the Guildford Four") were convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment. Several others ("the Maguire Seven") were convicted of assisting them and sentenced to lengthy prison terms. All were innocent of this crime, and were later exonerated and released from prison when fresh evidence was discovered, particularly evidence that their confessions had been obtained under duress.Although all the main characters are Catholics, some devout, some only nominally so, the title does not have any real religious significance. Rather, it alludes to the film's central relationship, that between Gerry Conlon, one of the "Four" and his father Giuseppe, one of the "Seven". The two are very different. Gerry is a wild and rebellious young man, unemployed, a petty criminal and a drug-user. He wears his hair long, something fashionable in the early seventies but often regarded by the older generation as the sign of a hooligan. Giuseppe, by contrast, is a conservative figure; deeply religious, hard-working, law-abiding and honest.A key moment comes when Gerry recalls a football match in which he played as a boy. His team won, but instead of congratulating him on his victory, Giuseppe reproached his son for a foul committed during the match. This encapsulates the difference in their characters. For Gerry, winning and success are all that matters. Because he has achieved little success, he has no faith in himself and has always drifted through life. For Giuseppe, adherence to moral values is more important than achieving outward success, and it is these values which enable him to retain his self-respect. Because of these differences in character and outlook, the two men's relationship is a difficult one. Beneath their differences, however, they also have a deep love for one another; Gerry is persuaded to confess to the bombing, after the police have failed to obtain a confession through bullying and violence, by the threat that his father will be killed if he does not. Later, Gerry's love for his father is strengthened by the realisation that although the older man is physically frail, his religious faith and self-belief enable him to cope with the injustice of his plight.Daniel Day-Lewis has been much praised for his performance as Gerry, and he was certainly good, if at times too showy. For me, however, the real star was Pete Postlethwaite as the long-suffering but dignified Giuseppe. The strongest scenes were those between Gerry and Giuseppe; the weakest were those when Gerry, in prison, befriends Joe McAndrew, an IRA man who claims actually to have planted the Guildford bomb. McAndrew is an invented character, and psychologically this did not seem likely; Gerry was, after all, as much a victim of the bomb as those killed and injured by it. Had there been no bomb, there could have been no conviction, wrongful or otherwise, for planting it. Moreover, by associating himself with the IRA's cause, even temporarily, Gerry, although legally innocent, makes himself seem morally guilty.There were other things that did not ring true. I was unsure why Giuseppe's lawyer thought that Inspector Dixon, the policeman who originally investigated the crime, would be responsible for deciding whether her ailing client should receive compassionate parole, or why so much attention was paid to Gerry's alibi that he was in London on the night of the bombing. As the bomb would have had a delayed-action timer, he could easily have returned before it exploded; the "Horse and Groom" pub (I used to live in Guildford) is only a short walk from the station, about half an hour by train from London. (The brutal and corrupt Dixon is another invented character; the name may refer ironically to the popular British TV show, "Dixon of Dock Green", which featured an honest and decent "bobby" named Dixon).It surprises me that some have criticised the film as being "pro-IRA". If one were setting out to make a pro-IRA propaganda film, one would not make it about the Guildford bombing, an event in which the IRA cold-bloodedly murdered several innocent civilians without warning. Nor does the film ignore the IRA's violence towards the Irish Catholic community it supposedly represents. At the time of the Guildford bombing, Gerry is living in London, having been forced to flee Northern Ireland by IRA threats; like most terrorist organisations it has a sternly moralistic attitude to all crimes other than those committed by its own members and punishes with mediaeval severity those who, like Gerry, are guilty of petty larcenies. The fact that the "Four" and the "Seven" were undoubtedly treated unjustly by the British authorities does not retrospectively justify the IRA's crimes of which they were wrongly accused.The film does not attempt to be a comprehensive statement about the Northern Ireland situation- the Unionist community, for example, is not even mentioned. Indeed, given the complexities of that situation, and the even greater complexities of Irish history from which it springs, it would not be possible to make such a statement in a film. Nevertheless, "In the Name of the Father" is a very good film, both as a study of father-son relationships and as a warning of the possibilities for injustice inherent in any criminal justice system. 7/10 A goof. In the early scenes, set in 1974, Gerry, while driving along London's Lower Thames Street passes a set of orange and white barriers designed to stop vehicles from entering "The City" (London's central financial district). These barriers did not exist in 1974; they were erected following a later IRA bombing campaign
good Few films have dared to touch WWII objectively from a German point of view; most use the Germans as great villains and Allied forces as great heroes... Movies like "Patton" show brief sights into German military thinking while "The Pianist" finds a good cultured German officer in a nightmare scenario "Downfall" tells the story of the Führer's final hours, his last critical 12 days in a fortified bunker below the Reich Chancellery, while the Soviet Army was slowly taking over Berlin and their artillery bombarding the whole the city Mostly through the eyes of his young Bavarian secretary, Traudl Junge (Alexandra Maria Lara) we see the ailing and obviously delusional Führer allowing no negotiation with the Allied forces, raving about how his generals betrayed him, ordering the movement of troops that do not exist, screaming that the German people do not deserve to survive for their apparent treachery and cowardiceBut what has come under criticism is the film's attempt at giving Hitlerwhose face has become symbolic for the epitome of evila compassionate side He's "Uncle Hitler" to the children of Josef Goebbles who happily sings for him, so loving for his blonde wife Eva Brown, so kind to his pet dog Blondi, so caring when he awards a young boy (who showed great bravery in the face of the enemy) with a medal and pinches his cheek, and so gentle when he pins a medal on Magda Goebbels for being the 'bravest mother in the Reich'.It's easy to see why the film was nominated for an Oscar in the Best Foreign Film Category It takes you inside the minds of Hitler's faithful, showing you how it was that one infamous man could be so charismatic and magnetic Although his closest advisors, the remaining dedicated members of the Nazi government, know that there is no hope, no one was seen willing to challenge his orders or attempt to seize power And many opted for suicide after living out their final hours in obscene denial, singing and dancing champagne glass in handBut Hitler's dark side is also shown when the film depicts his hate and antipathy for the Jews; when one of the more "rational" members of the Nazi hierarchy, Albert Speer (Heino Ferch), stated gently but bluntly to him that the war was lost and he did not follow his orders to destroy the infrastructure in German cities; also when he becomes convinced that Heinrich Himmler (Ulrich Noethen) has betrayed him and must be executed; and when Eva Braun pleads him for her brother-in-law's life, the tormented Hermann Fegelin (Thomas Kretschmann), and he furiously rejected her requestOne of the most horrifying sequences that is unforgettable was that of Magda Goebbles played by Corinna Harfouch It is astonishing to witness how an unstoppable steely mother, with no hesitation or remorse, is capable of such atrocities for a blind and irrational loyalty to a 'charming' monsterGanz's character is equally psychotic and human, capable of shooting even his most loyal followers and utterly believable as Uncle HitlerJuliane Köhler complements Ganz's exceptional performance with her own chillingly fine one as the ultimate blind follower whose loyalty to her Führer never flagged Köhler shows us how she can be drunkenly carefree dancing to swing as bombs and artillery shake the walls of the bunker one day, and in another day applying a fresh coat of red lipstick to her fleshy lips before she takes one cyanide tablet for the man she preferred not to live without"Downfall" may be considered powerful and historically significant It is a must for history buffs
good This was really funny and a hilarious, not corny, through the entire movie.
good  The Silence of the Lambs runs two hours.Anthony Hopkins appears for little more than sixteen minutes, yet during those minutes he hasn't bored you for a second, not even after the tenth or eleventh viewing. Such is the power of his performance, it's absolutely impossible to forget him.His character, Dr.Hannibal"The Cannibal" Lecter, is a brutal killer with revolting methods and habits, but he's also very intelligent, charismatic and with good taste(you can interpret that as you like).A clichè by now, but who cares? He still is one of the key elements in this wonderful thriller, which sees Jodie Foster's Clarice Starling asking for Lecter's help to catch another killer.The result is a dangerous yet fascinating relationship between the young, unexperienced FBI-agent and the convicted,but basically omnipotent, psychiatrist.He's a step ahead of everyone all the time, and makes sure everyone notices, with his witty, unforgettable one-liners.If there had to be only one reason to worship this movie, then it would have to be the chemistry between the two leading actors.Never before has a non-sexual man/woman connection been more thrilling.Never before has a film's ending been more unsettling and brilliant and left us asking for more.Best watched with a nice Chianti...P.S. dear film-buffs, have the lambs stopped screaming?
good Hugh Jackman takes you on a trip through the intense emotions a family is put through during its darkest hour. This may be his best role to date. From the trailers you know that his character will be out for blood as their daughter was kidnapped, but throughout the film you feel his pain, anger and moral struggles as he deals with this situation. The director does an excellent job of keeping you invested in the film emotionally even through some intensely violent scenes. Its dreary setting provides no comfort, but goes hand and hand with the narrative. This film may not be for those faint of heart but should be a must see for most viewers.
good Personally I have never been a fan of the original animated series, and I wasn't sure what to expect of this movie. After seeing the trailers I thought it looked kind of cheesy and over-done. After watching this I realized that the cheesy graphics, work to it's own advantage. This movie really caught a good look at Live action Speed Racer without losing the characteristics of the Cartoon. I didn't think even the Wachowski brothers could pull this off, but as usual, they did.As far as the actors performances, Emile Hirsch did exceptional, but my eye was mostly on the brilliant performances by John Goodman, and new comer Paul Litt who plays Spritle, Speed's mischievous little brother. I recommend this for the family, don't wait for the DVD get to the theaters while this stunning cinematography is on the big screen!
good  This movie was simply great. I've seen the trailer and I was like I have to see this someday and then I went to the cinema with my friends and I must say I was impressed by this movie. I didn't know what to expect from it and I wasn't totally hyped for it but after I saw it I couldn't stop thinking about it. It shows love in the most purest way possible and I got somehow attached to it because I still believe that love of this kind is possible in the real World and not only in the movies. The cast has been great. Actress Angourie Rice who played Rhiannon has been awesome and all of the people who played A has been perfect. I truly believed their acting that all of those actors has been the same person. Simply this is the best movie I've seen in a while and I can't wait for it to be released on a DVD. I will for sure watch it again. Loved the book, loved the movie. There should me more movies like this one. Totally love it and totally love Rhiannon and A. Great job. Simply perfect and beautiful movie. I recommend everyone to watch it.
good Spoiler Alert!!! I like Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction. The story line was strong in RD and less so in PF. PF, though, had interesting sub-plots that loosely wove together to make a good movie.I also see the genius in the dialog in RD and in the characters in Pulp Fiction. I was expecting to see something in this movie.Unfortunately, Kill Bill was not interesting, nor genius and did not have a plot. Basically, the main character was screwed over in a previous time in her life and made a top 5 hit-list of people from which to extract revenge.The way she extracts revenge is to engage in hand-to-hand or martial weapon on weapon combat. Of course, the protagonist wins the fights and the people are checked off the list.I think Luci Liu (sp?) is the 3rd person on the list. The movie goes into a 20 minute section on how she gets a Okinawan curved sword. Now armed with the best weapon, she takes on Liu's whole team of trained martial artists - and whips them all single handedly. I'm talking 20, 30, 40 individuals who all attack her at the same time in the same room. She still wins.Then, she battles the "board leader", and after sufficient scenery changes, she wins again.Each of these battles is full of graphic violence and blood, as you'd expect from the director (I won't try to spell his name). But, you can only show an arm getting lopped off and the resulting gieser of blood so many times. Wait, my mistake, you can show it for 2 hours if you are the movie Kill Bill.After the Liu's character is killed, #3 is checked off and the movie ends.There is no plot. The special effects and battle scenes were state of the art, but do not make a movie.I have no interest in "Part 2" because I have no interest in any of the characters or in more film about Uma killing people with swords. 2 hours was 1.5 hours too much.Two thumbs down. Don't believe the (if any) hype.
good I was 8 years old when this movie came out and remember really liking it despite the lackluster reviews it received from not only critics but most of my friends as well. I don't remember anybody out and out hating it, it just kinda got one of those "meh" grunts whenever it was mentioned.Now I'm twenty three and I just watched it again and I gotta say, I still think it's pretty damn good. And unless you just simply are not of a fan of the Flintstones cartoons I don't see how you can not like this film. It plays like an extended episode of the series, with a plot not unlike something we have seen in our Saturday morning reruns, but loaded with enough clever one liners and risqué humor to elevate it to a much more adult oriented comedy. It's also got tons of sight gags and background jokes that you will likely need some multiple viewings to appreciate. Not to mention the sheer scope and execution of the sets, costumes and animatronic and CG dinosaurs are really something to admire, especially for its day.The actors all play their parts well too, John Goodman and Rick Moranis as Fred and Barney are the standouts but there's nobody here that I thought fell short. Yes, I would have liked to have seen Betty portrayed with somebody with more curves in the right places...I mean she was the hottie in the cartoon and Rosie O'Donnell's physique definitely doesn't live up, but you have to give credit where credit is due and while she may not look quite the same, she plays the part well and has the voice and trademark giggle down perfectly.Is this a fantastic film no...but I enjoy it every time I watch it and I think the attention to detail and obvious care that went into making this movie alone should keep it entertaining for years to come and considering its unlikely anything quite like this will ever be done again outside of its sequels, I would not be surprised if this movie eventually earns its respect among film buffs in the future.
good  STAR RATING:*****Unmissable****Very Good***Okay**You Could Go Out For A Meal Instead*Avoid At All CostsBeing probably one of the finest acting talents in Hollywood,it would be hard to refuse to watch any film headbilling Tom Hanks as one of the main stars.While it probably wouldn't be any direct guarantee of the actual film's quality,it would at least always ensure a strong,forceful central performance.And the main,most driving point about Catch Me If You Can is the performances from the leads Hanks and Leornardo Di Caprio,which are amazing.Steven Spielberg's direction is actually a little wayward and the plot does seem a tad unbelievable,but it is a true story so who are we to argue?A thoroughly absorbing and worthwhile picture.****
good  A man eating shark is terrorising the holiday island of Amity. Police chief Martin Brody, shark hunter Quint and marine biologist Matt Hooper set sail in the hope of killing the great white monster.Jaws is responsible for many things, it's responsible for propelling director Steven Spielberg's career into the stratosphere, it was responsible for a downturn in the package holiday trade, and it was responsible for shaping the summer blockbuster release practise's. There are many other things which one doesn't need to bore you with, it's just true to say that Jaws is firmly ensconced in movie history, if one hasn't seen it then one surely knows about it, it is, even today, part of popular culture.But is it any good? Is it worthy of a long standing reputation as one of the greatest monster movies of all time? Hell yes it is, one or two easily overlooked flaws aside, it busted the box office {world wide} and tapped into a primal fear that resides in the majority of mankind, the unseen that resides in the sea.Jaws sets out its marker right from the start with a truly shocking and attention grabbing opening sequence, from then on in Spielberg {learning from Hitchcock for sure} tweaks the tension to have the audience living on their nerves, even as character building {by way of Brody's family arc} sedates the pace, we just know that it's all relative to an extension of fear and terror that is around the next corner. After the first victims remains are found Brody glances out at the ocean, Spielberg perfectly framing the shot to say so much that we are about to be witness to. Jolts and shocks pop up from time to time to help build the unease whilst Spielberg makes the audience wait before we even see what it is that so coldly and efficiently destroys man, and then the claustrophobic switch as our brave protagonists are out at sea on Quint's boat, unaware that the giant menace is now hunting them, eyes as black as death itself.So many great scenes linger for all time in the memory, the entrance of Quint is a hum dinger, a mournful widow reducing Brody to a stunned realism, the Indianappolis monologue, the bigger boat! Just some of the reasons why I personally love cinema so much. The score from John Williams is as effective as any for the genre and Robert Hoyt's sound team's work furthers the dread unfolding. The cast are superb and uniformly excellent, casting aside technical problems {and genuine resentment at times} to portray this story with verve and genuine depth of feeling. Yet Roy Scheider {Brody}, Robert Shaw {Quint} and Richard Dreyfuss {Hooper} were from from original choices, Charlton Heston was wanted for the role of Brody, Sterling Hayden and Lee Marvin were both mooted for Quint, and John Voight was Spielberg's preferred choice for Hooper, whilst Jaws author {and co screen writer here} Peter Benchley was heading for the top by asking for Newman, Redford and McQueen!! Imagine that!Still it all turned out well in the end because Jaws stands the test of time as one of the best films of its type to have ever been made. No amount of complaining about continuity and a rough looking mechanical shark will ever dim its appeal, even as I revisited it recently for the hundredth time I still got tingles all over my body, file it along side King Kong in the pantheon of Monster Masterpieces, 10/10 always, now go enjoy your dip in the ocean.
good Brilliant, captivating, and sometimes just plain awesome are some of things that come to mind while watching yet another one of Miyazaki's epic tales: Nausicaä of the Valley of the Winds. Deliberately slow-moving at points, yet undeniably exciting in and out of it's action sequences, it's one of those animes (a Japanese animated movie or show) that deserve a second viewing, and a fantastic introduction to anime itself.Without revealing too much of the plot, it takes us through the life of Nausicaa, a princess of a small village, and her struggles to stop warring nations from destroying an important source that can save the planet. The planet has already gone through a major destruction that nearly wiped out humanity, and their are large insects called ohmu, that guard the source that is spreading through the world.Miyazaki introduces an empowerment of female characters in his animes, such as Princess Mononoke, Kiki's Delivery Service, and his most recent, Howl's Moving Castle (Hauru no ugoku shiro). The characters are done with style and care, and, in Nausicaa, there is no exception.It amazes me that this film created some controversy when released, being banned in Poland because of it's depiction of an ecological disaster. Though the movie is obviously fantasy, it turns out that some may consider it a touchy subject. I didn't find any offense whatsoever with anything the movie showed, just a futuristic disaster no doubt caused by man.Combining fantasy and science-fiction, Nausicaa is nice to look at. It certainly shows it's age when compared to some newer animes, not having the help from high-end computers. Considering it was done in the 80's, Miyazaki's production team did a great job. Little details, backgrounds, gadgets, & animals are drawn slightly better then some Japanese animes from that time.Keep in mind that my review is based on the Disney release (Feb 2005). It's cleaned up, unedited, with new voices from well known actors that sound great (but I still prefer subtitles). Keep far away from the old version 'Warriors of the Wind', which chops off more then half-hour from the movie.9 out of 10
good  Set in the late 13th century, 'Braveheart' is the story of one of Scotland's greatest national heroes Sir William Wallace. leader of the Scottish resistance forces during the first years of the long, ultimately successful struggle to free Scotland from English rule...Crucially charismatic in the title role, Gibson plays the heroic figure and emerges as a remarkable hero with wit and romantic soul, determined to rid his country of its English oppressors...Wallace's revolution was set in motion, with great obstacles from his countrymen... Many Scottish nobles lent him only grudging support as most of them were more concerned with wealth and titles than the freedom of the country... In fact, the Scottish leaders are in favor of revolt-or not-depending on English bribes... Wallace, by comparison, is a man of honor, incorruptible and righteous... He was knighted and proclaimed 'guardian and high protector of Scotland,' but as much as he railed against the Scottish nobles, submitted to Edward I, King of England, he was astonished and in shock to discover the treachery of the leading Scot contender for the throneRobert, the Earl of Bruceto whom he confided , 'The people would follow you, if you would only lead them.' Sophie Marceau is exquisite as the distressed princess Isabella of France who ends up falling in love with Wallace, warning him out of several traps...Catherine McCormack is a stunning beauty who ignites Wallace's revolution...Patrick McGoohan is chilling, brutal, and vicious as the ruthless Edward I, known by the nickname 'Longshanks.' This king remains simply the embodiment of evil...While Angus McFadyen moves as a nobleman torn between his conscience and political aspiration, and Brendan Gleeson brings strength and humor to his role as the robust Hamish, David O'Hara is very effective as the crazy Irishman who provides much of the film's comic relief from even the most tensed moments...Mel Gibson has reason to be proud of 'Braveheart.' It is a motion picture that dares to be excessive... Gibson presents passionately the most spaciously impressive battles (yet staged for films) even excessively, and it is his passion and excess that make the motion picture great... The horror and futility of massed hand-to-hand combats are exciting rather repulsive... It is epic film-making at its glorious best...Gibson's 'Braveheart' focuses on the human side of Wallace, a character so immense, so intelligent, and so passionate, exploring the definitions of honor and nobility, pushing us to follow the hero into his struggle against injustice and oppression...There is a great shot of the lovely mountains of Scotland covered in mist with beautiful bagpipe music... James Horner's beautiful score, calls up memories of his work for 'Titanic.'
good  Das Boot is not just a great war film: it's a great film period. Maybe it is true that epic themes make the greatest novels and films.  Here is a movie that explores heroism, duty, patriotism, hope, fear and the futility of war--all grand themes--explored in the confined, and collapsing, spaces of a German u-boat.I saw this film when I was a freshman in college during a weekend that I later dubbed my "depressing movie festival." (The Wall and Apocalypse Now were the other weekend "entries.")  Of these films, it was Das Boot that haunted me--when I laid down at night, I saw Jurgen Proctow's pained blue eyes.  When I woke in the morning, I felt as if I were escaping through the hatch of the submarine.  I could not shake the images, and now some fifteen years later, I still remember how completely meaningless the movie made everything seem, and the nihilistic message stayed with me for a long, long time.  How few films are there which affect the viewers on this level.  To say this film is "powerful" seems so weak a description.Part of the "power" of the film comes, I think, from a certain restraint in the direction.  So often, films which aspire to move the audience quickly fall into melodrama, over-acting, and overblown images.  Too much.  These often succeed in the immediate response (usually crying) but fail to impact the viewer on anything more than a surface level.  Here, it is the small moments which fill the screen.  Everywhere, all around is War, but for these men as we witness them, war does not begin with a capital "W".  It is reality, not a grand concept.  The director lets the story shock and horrify the audience, not by forcing it, but by letting the story just tell itself. Drama, tension and resolution occur naturally in Das Boot, which contributes to the very real impact of the film.Story is a 10, direction is a 10, acting is a 10 and the cinematography is a 10.  One of the all-time greatest films.
good  And there were a lot of great ones this year. I will also say something even (possibly) bolder--that Kevin Spacey gives the performance of his career. And all us movie geeks know that is saying a LOT, given this man's past roles, and his talent. I used to think he was overrated as an actor. Then I figured OK, I see what all the fuss is about. Now, he's up there with my favorite actors of all time, with James Woods, Steve Buscemi, Robert Deniro...probably in the top 5. I was lucky enough to see a free screening this afternoon and boy, am I glad I had the privilege. In fact, this review might not even be that coherent- it's one of those movies that blows you away so much that you have trouble even putting your feelings into words. The plotline sounds trite when you first describe it (it did to me when I first heard about it), Spacey plays a man who describes himself as a loser, with Annette Bening as his horrible, shrewish, self-absorbed, pathetic b*tch of a wife. His daughter is not all that likeable either, despite the fact that you can understand why she turned out this way, with her as a mother. Just when you think you've met the most dysfunctional family in the world outside of "Happiness", you find out about the family who just moved in next door. At first, the strange son seems like the most messed-up member of their brood, but after you get to meet his ex-military, abusive, homophobic, terrifying father and his withdrawn, sad, headcase mother, you realize he is the most normal member of the household by far. Then, the filmwriters toss in Kevin Spacey's lustful obsession with his daughter's sexkitten cheerleader friend, which trust me, is a lot more fun, entertaining, and amusing than it sounds when you read about it. Soon, he is having the most entertaining, amusing midlife crisis ever seen in the history of cinema. He just doesn't give a ***k about what he does or says anymore, and you only wish you could get away with doing the things he does.I found myself laughing out loud in this movie so many times, most of it horrified, amazed laughter at what is happening and the things that are coming out of the character's mouths, especially Spacey's. He had at least a dozen lines that had every member of the audience in hysterics and actual applause and cheers. I can't say enough good things about this movie. You think, after the first five minutes, that you know how the movie will end. Well, Spacey's opening narrative does give it away, but trust me, the events unfold in a way that you will NEVER see coming. You will swear you can see what a character is going to do next, what violent or self-destructice act they will commit, but you turn out to be wrong.Without getting too pretentious here, the movie lives up to it's theme/tagline of "...look closer". THe characters are not what they seem, up until the end, and even then they surprise you. At least two characters that you are POSITIVE you have figured out, do or say something that turns all your preconceptions of them upside down, while making your jaw drop, and your heart ache. You will leave the movie with a smile, though, and that is maybe what I expected least of all.Words just cannot do this movie justice. See it for yourself.
good  Your Name is just a good movie. This movie felt long, but not too long. All the way through, I was asking what would happen next. It was clever, emotional, and left me crying after the movie. The twist was done really well, and I almost wanted to pause the movie. Also, the animation is gorgeous. You get to see detailed images from many angles and perspectives, and there were hundreds of animators! The credits didn't start out with the cast like it usually would. The first thing you saw after a black screen was hundreds of names of animators and designers. I watched this movie again and I still felt my muscles ready to let tears out. I would not recommend this movie any less than the next guy, so what are you waiting for? Get a couple of friends and watch Your Name!
good  By the time Sidney Lumet's "Dog Day Afternoon" came around he had already learned to let Al Pacino loose. Forget the holdbacks of "Serpico"; here we get a glimpse into the real Al, the actor who would bring Tony Montana to life in the years to come and the same man who provided Michael Corleone with such heartfelt warmth that was lacking in some of his lesser characters.There's essentially the Al Pacino as an actor and the Al Pacino as a character, and here he's the character, and it works splendidly. Al Pacino the actor comes into play when he is given a recycled script and a talentless director, which has been happening a lot lately, although fortunately his comparison, De Niro, has been lucky enough to generally avoid these blunders of older-age film-making.This is based on a true story, like "Serpico," only it's better and more involving. It connects with the audience more than "Serpico" because it doesn't jump through the same old hoops; it goes for the long trek and comes off better than it would have had the team behind it been lazy. The clichés are gone and the originality creeps in early on. Watch Pacino indulge himself in character and let the plot sink in. It's more touching than it seems at first.Pacino is Sonny Wortzik, a Brooklyn man who takes a bank hostage in order to pay for his "wife's" operation. The wife is actually Leon Shermer (Chris Sarandon who was Oscar-nominated for this, his first role in a mainstream film), Sonny's gay lover who doesn't have the money for a sex operation.The bank robbery was going to be what one of classic cinema's greatest bad guys once described as a quick "in and out," but Sonny gets held up inside the bank and soon he's all over the news and police are standing outside the building with guns drawn. It's like Denzel's movie only better and more original. Oh, and true. This one actually happened and we can tell.Sonny's partner in crime, Sal (John Cazale), is worried that he'll be treated as a homosexual by the media outside. His fretting is comic relief and one of the connections between the film and the audience. Charles Durning is the frustrated cop handling the situation. His performance is as subtly convincing as Cavale's.Pacino's performance is exceedingly excellent, manic and energetic. He'd display this same talent in "Scarface" again eight years later; only he would be bashed by the critics for going over-the-top. (Although they really just had problems with the excessive profanity and violence, just like Mel Gibson's "The Passion of the Christ" will soon become a well-known classic and people will laugh when they hear that someone once called it the most violent film ever made.)There's also one of the best scenes of all time in this movie that rivals Montana's Last Stand in "Scarface" or the Baptism Scene in "The Godfather," which involves Sonny speaking on the phone to his "wife," carefully concealing his motive from any listeners nearby. Watch Pacino delve into character here and you're immediately hooked. We like his character because he seems real and Pacino makes him real, and that's why this will go down as one of the best tour de force performances of all time.Is this Hollywood trying to ease our culture onto homosexuality and sex change operations? Is Hollywood trying to gradually introduce us to gay characters in the hope that the uptight American families will be increasingly invaded by the images of gay men? No. This is Hollywood showing us a true story, regardless of the homosexuality. Pacino could be playing a frustrated postal worker and it would still work because it all settles down to the fact that the suspense and dramatics of the movie affect us, not the background of its characters.Sarandon's Oscar nomination was more than worthy; here he displays the smarmy talent that would shine through in his characters in the years to come. Prince Humperdink from "The Princess Bride" is equally memorable but less realistic. Here he seems more real, which is good for this film and would have been quite bad for "Bride." We don't like real characters in fantasy tales, do we?Lumet, who ruined "Serpico" with his bad editing, out-of-place music, clichéd dialogue/events and unnecessary scenes, directs "Dog Day Afternoon" with style and flair and good pacing and a surprisingly heartfelt sense of emotion and care. This isn't exactly a good example of a perfect motion picture but it's pretty close.
good  After watching the movie i am shocked that it is considered a classic. Maybe because it was unusual for the time , i cannot judge that, but i was extremely disappointed. Especially with the character build up . The one that stands out the most at being ridiculous to the extreme is Jo. In the beginning he is presented as a tough guy who fears nothing , but this does not work at all . He seems ridiculous from the first second he enters the scene . After a while he turns out to be whiny and full of fear , but because the whole build up of the character was so not believable , i did not care at all about his fate or supposed transformation. Of course you can say he should be presented as ridiculous but if that is the case why bother making him such a big character? What really disturbed me is the way the relationship between yes montand and the girl in the city is presented. It is very sexist and the whole macho culture of the movie was getting on my nerves a lot after a while.
good Oldboy is a remake or reimagination of the 2003 korean movie Oldeuboi. This new version has been badgered by both critics and viewers as a poor, shallow remake, that soils the memory of the original. I disagree. This one was great. The premise is the same as Oldeuboi, a man gets impriosoned for 20 years without knowing why, and when he gets out he seeks out vengeance. But its not that linear. The story is filled with mysteries, and keeps making the viewer asking questions, the same questions as the protagonist, despite him not being the most likable man. Why was he impriosioned, who did it, why was he released? Also the story is dark, twisted and leaves a bad taste in your mouth. A great story, a great mystery. The acting was very good, Josh Brolin does a very nice job, as does Sharlto Copley as the main antagonist. But the movie isn't without flaws. In my opinion the 20 years feel a little bit fast-paced, and don't feel like 20 years but maybe as 20 months. And some product placement was unnecessary. But overall great movie, unworthy of all the hate it has received. On a personal note, I have watched the original, and I liked this one very much. Everyone is comparing this one with the original, and I think that's a mistake. This is a new movie, a new take on the same premise, it has some homages to the original, and that's it. The original was brilliant, but it wasn't without flaw, and neither is this one.If you hate when someone makes a remake of a cult classic you love and you're not open to a new vision on that movie, stay away from this one. If you just love movies, and if you want to watch a great remake, a great reimagination, I think you will enjoy this very much.
good  From all of the Vietnam war movies this is probably the most frightening and disturbing and that is really saying a lot with so many spectacular ones that have come out. It has this freakish feel to it. Everything is so chaotic in the movie it scares you. It is not like it shows a lot of different things compared to the other Vietnam war movies. What does push to such a high level is the: The directing was spectacular here. Francis Ford Coppola shows of his talent in his last epic movie. Unlike other directors he makes you feel as if you are in the war. Most others just display and show you the horrors of war. Coppola though makes you feel confused, shocked and scared. These feelings of war are usually told to us from a movie or story. This is something that I have only experienced very few times while watching a film. The writing was of course amazing too. It brought you write into the middle of the movie. It never made me bored and this movie is three hours. The cinematography goes hand in hand with the directing which very much added to the freakish experience of watching this film showing all the chaos around you even when everything seems calm.The acting was bone-chilling. Just look at Marlon Brando also giving his last great performance playing a deluded, out of whack colonel. When ever I think of a crazy gone made soldier I think Marlon Brando in Apocalpyse Now. With Brando n this film you don't want to look into his eyes. Like the movie he was freakish. To me this performance is as memorable as the one he gave in The Godfather. Martin Sheen gave a very deep performance and probably the best one of his career making you see everything through his eyes all the craziness he is experiencing and yet wanting him to get to his goal. It is just a wonder why these two did not get Oscar nominations. Robert Duvall was able to show part of that craziness with his ludicrous battle strategies, among those playing music to tell the enemy he is coming. Also Duvall's character asking one of the soldiers to surf in the middle of a battle was just shocking but believable. Other great supporting performances were given by a young Laurence Fishburne, Sam Bottoms and Frederic Forest who all summed up the attitudes of many of the soldiers at that time without becoming a cliché. Also for once cameos were put into good use having Dennis Hopper and Harrison Ford who I both love.I would definitely recommend people to watch this movie. It has a message and everyone involved in the making of it is at their best. There is nothing more I could ask of this movie with its great acting, directing, writing, cinematography and great ending. Watch and you will see why it lives up to its title Apocalpyse Now.
good Having read and loved Laurent Binet's superb HHhH, I've been eagerly awaiting this film. Alas, it was hardly worth the wait. The earlier released Anthropoid was a far superior adaptation (or was, at least, a better depiction of the events of Heydrich's assassination).Other reviewers here have done a nice job detailing the problems this film has as a 'film' so I will only mention two more. Most importantly, Jason Clarke is simply not 'pretty' enough to play Heydrich. Indeed, part of history's fascination with Heydrich is because, physically, he was the perfect Aryan: blonde, tall, sculpted if not chiselled physiognomy, etc. Other than his blonde hair, Clarke's marked and jowled features are completely dissimilar to Heydrich's and served only to distract. Clarke's miscasting is only slightly more jarring than the use of Stephen Graham to play Himmler. Unable or unwilling to project Himmler's menace, Graham comes across more avuncular than sinister. No one would cower in the presence of Graham's pudgy Himmler.I was also disappointed by the movie's many historical inaccuracies and omissions. Einsatzgruppen executions are shown repeatedly as being by a bullet to the torso, whereas a shot in the nape of the neck was their trademark. The boy being tortured is shown to be around 10-years-old when he fact the real 'boy' was actually a mature 17 years, already engaged to be married. Likewise what got him to talk was having his mother's head placed in his lap (others say it was placed in a fish bowel) but not by having to watch the torture of someone else as is depicted here. And, where was Hitler at Heydrich's funeral? For some reason the writer's chose to pretend he didn't attend, but of course he attended and delivered an inflammatory eulogy while he was there. There are many more such errors. Admittedly these are small details but their cumulative effect was to take me out of the film. They also made me wonder what other, perhaps more important facts the movie had botched.
good While Steven Spielberg's "Jaws" a dark, scary, and gripping thriller, "Jaws 2" is a scary movie for kids who don't really want to be scared. The imagination and unique style that Spielberg put into the original is sorely lacking here; this is merely a teenagers-in-jeopardy thriller as hordes of sailboating teens are terrorized by the giant killer shark. Spielberg did not expose us to the actual shark until much later in the film, which added to the heightened tension. We see the shark up close right away in this film, and it's no sense of terror. The shark chomps on water skiers, attacks boats, drags a helicopter out of the air and into the ocean, snacks on scuba divers, and the day is once again saved by Chief Brody (Roy Scheider.) With all this chomping and chewing going on, "Jaws 2" is oddly ineffective and unscary. While alot of kids were genuinely frightened and scared by the original "Jaws," this sequel is more like a carnival ride that provides a few thrills but is forgotten after it is over. The music by John Williams is absolutely fabulous and the atmosphere is sunnier this time around, but "Jaws 2" fails to satisfy. It's just alot of kids screaming and falling in the water. While the original is a horror masterpiece, this is an O.K. film for squeamish little children.
good  A friend of mine considers himself quite the art-house buff and as such has taken it upon himself to convince me to watch all the a u t h o r i (s) ed masters like Fellinni. He even prep'd me for it by saying "It's like a beautiful painting, you just let it in" which I thought was totally valid and cool. Until I saw the film. What is it about film-makers that makes them so stupid. Is it the fact that their livelihood relies so directly upon winning approval and like the fashion industry the best way to do that is to appeal to people's basest most ignorant tendencies? Are they trying to make us feel comfortable like the awful abstract art that is kinda cool because is doesn't aim too high, cos "I could do that". It takes real courage and discipline to be honest, to be vulnerable and to be willing to let people into that and be open to the risks that involves. This film is shallow, hollow and amateur. It's no wonder that most film-makers start off with horror. They don't generally start with philosophical reasoning and idealism. I told my friend if this was a book no-one would bother with it, if it was music we'd laugh at it, but he told me it's film and you can't, but I beg to differ. We are far too lenient with film, we let it get away with anything.The most banal pathetic tripe is elevated to the level of art and the utter garbage of Hollywood is seen as serious and legitimate. This film is no different. It is safe, self-indulgent and two- dimensional. Even as a satire it doesn't work. Satire is difficult and requires intelligence and insight, hence the few truly respected comedians. In summary: obvious and amateur, packed with awful try-hard symbolism and silly jokes, terrible over-acting, I feel insulted and demeaned for having to put up with this poor excuse for a film, it did nothing for me. If you want satire get "Bob Roberts".
good  I am totally amazed by some of the negative responses to this film. Yes it is a long film; a very long film. Perhaps this is a symptom of the short attention spans of people today. But you know what? I wish it was 3 or 4 times longer. Every time this film finishes I compare it to the badly acted special effects laden rubbish that passes for 'epic' cinema these days and wish that T.E Lawrence had his motorcycle accident at 93 (rather than 47 as he did in 1935) so I could have had more of Peter O' Toole's electrifying performance.The cinematography is acknowledged as being some of the the best in any film ever. When Mr Lean wanted to capture a sun rise, he stood in the dark (in a REAL desert) and waited for the sun to REALLY rise (No computerized nonsense in this film). As for the reviewer who thought Lawrence looked like a homosexual because he had a 'effeminate' walk, well ... I can only hope that one day he joins the 21st century; hero's aren't all musclebound apes, leaders aren't all fluffy paragons of virtue, and so what if he did turn out to be homosexual?If you and you dad like watching a man being whipped before being violated there is, I believe, a wealth of material available to cater for your taste at your local pornography shop.In my opinion its one of the best films ever made and certainly the best film I've seen based on real events.Forget the length feel the quality.
good I couldn't disagree more with those reviews that are giving this 1s and 2s. I know it employed a large number of cliches that are typical of the genre but that is hardly a reason to rate it so poorly. Almost every slasher horror is laden with cliches and actually I didn't think this drama was at all obvious. It wasn't easy to spot who the real protagonists were until at least episode 4 and even then - right up to the end - it kept you guessing about the truthfullness of some of the main characters. I don't think there were many stupid 'don't go down in the cellar' moments so favoured of many horror films. Matilda was a strong lead and acted well. I rarely doubted her motivation and seldom thought she took unnecessary chances - although i wouldn't have felt inclined to sleep in the house myself.As for the enigmatic ending I found it challenging. The fact that we were left being somewhat unsure of what Matilda would do in the future we were left in no doubt about what she had done - were we?I think it was well worth a 7 and a good binge watch.
good  Film ReviewRang De BasantiIndia AwakensBy Nidhi KathuriaRating *****'Rang De Basanti' gratifies you with uncomplicated, almost melodious humor; it fills any void that Hindi films altogether may have left inside you dry. From the word 'go', this is one film that grips you one hundred percent. It is a film that every Indian should watch. The film simply flows like poetry where characters have the magical ability to bounce into different periods in time and the past and the present conjoin beautifully like a reverie. And in this moment lies the strength that transforms a common man into an uncommon man. He truly becomes an Indian. 'Rang De Basanti' is not a cliché patriotic film. And thank goodness for that! One really needed a break from J.P. Dutta and Anil Sharma brand of films. No more over the top acting, melodrama, reckless display of uncontrollable emotions and forced tear jerker deshbhakti songs. It was about time for a novel storytelling, for someone as passionate a director like Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra to tell and for us to hear and see and become. The actors simply glide through with the story and the screenplay by Kamlesh Pandey, which is the USP of the film. Not to take away any credit, Aamir Khan, Atul Kulkarni, Sharman Joshi, Kunal Kapoor and Siddharth really got into the skin of their characters of ones they are and ones they turn into. Even Soha Ali Khan has given her career's best and her unconventional looks proved only advantageous for the character she plays. What 'Mangal Pandey' couldn't do for Aamir Khan, 'Rang De Basanti' does and more. Madhavan in the cameo gives a true to life performance. Om Puri and Anupam Kher didn't have much to do in the script. Kirron Kher on the other hand was exemplary in her 'pucca Punjaban' character. Veteran actor Waheeda Rehman also did justice to her role. One actor who deserves a special mention is debutante Alice Payton who plays the role of Sue, a filmmaker from London, who wants to make a documentary in India called 'Young Guns of India' based on heroes of Pre-Independence era. Sue wants the boy band to don the roles of Bhagat Singh, Azad, Bismil, Rajguru etc. that only act as a baptism of fire, by virtue of which they find courage and strength that was needed when a cyclone behest their lives and demanded of them to raise their voice; a blast that could be heard by our generation, to shake their souls and have a one voice. And hence the film is beautifully titled 'Rang De Basanti'. The dialogues and lyrics by Prasoon Joshi take the film to another level. While Art Direction and Cinematography of the film almost makes you speechless. Every frame of the film is shot with precision and perfection. Needless to say, the editor has also done a super fine job. And now for the music- A.R. Rehman after the wishy- washy music of 'Mangal Pandey' completely absolves himself. A musical journey that takes you on a roller coaster ride that ends in an Awakening. Well, that's what the film hopes to achieve on some level, without being preachy or affected. Salutations to Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra for giving to our generation a renewed faith and hope, for making us believe that there is a fire kindling in all of ours' souls and no matter where we are and what we do, we love our country.The Story: A young English filmmaker, Sue (Alice Payton), arrives in Delhi to make a film on Indian revolutionaries and their struggle for independent India. She is supported in her venture by her friend Sonia (Soha Ali Khan). After grilling auditioning sessions, when Sue is almost disheartened and doubts if she will be able to find her heroes at all, she comes across DJ (Aamir Khan), Karan (Siddharth), Sukhi (Sharman Joshi), Aslam (Kunal Kapoor) and Lakshman Pandey (Atul Kulkarni) and she knows she has found what she was looking for. From sheer playfulness, the group gradually starts to feel the pathos the revolutionaries must have experienced in their battles. All these individuals have a different outlook when it comes to sentiments on Nationalism. Ajay (Madhavan) who is an Air Force and plays Sonia's fiancé is instrumental in igniting the fire in them and the events that follow, uproot their indifference towards their country and change their lives forever. Rating Scale: * Average **Good ***Very Good****Excellent*****Outstanding
good  Se7En Se7en is just one of those movies that burrows deep under your skin and festers. Director David Fincher and screenwriter Andrew Kevin Walker have created a bleak, desolate world where there are no real heroes, only sinners. An uncompromising story, filthy, grainy visuals and terrific performances make Se7en a modern classic. Det. William Sommerset (Morgan Freeman) has seen the human spirit at its worst throughout his 34 years of police service. He finally realises he has had enough of the horrors of the world and he becomes ready for retirement. David Mills (Brad Pitt) is a brash, hot-headed rookie cop who believes his big break lies in the murky, seedy unnamed metropolis. Amidst some cynicism, Sommerset takes on Mills as a partner for his last days. When two murders occur within two days of each other the duo realize that a serial killer is murdering his victims in accordance with the seven deadly sins: gluttony, greed, sloth, lust, pride, envy and wrath. What follows is a terrifying and disturbing story of the dark side of human nature. Fincher's Noir York with endless rain, rain that fails to wash (to quote Travis Bickle) the filth off the streets, is a harsh look into urban life where decency is a rarity. Along with his cinematographer Darius Khondji, paints the screen with dark greys, blacks and yellow to hint at the rotting core of this environment. Freeman gives the film its most complex performance and moral core. His detective has grown weary of apathy and he slightly suggests an understanding of the despicable killer. On that note, Kevin Spacey delivers a chilling portrayal, a killer with a blankly human face and disturbing conviction. Writer Walker has written a cop-genre film with impeccable substance. Rather than a whodunit or an action movie, he has given birth to a story that pokes and prods at our psychic. It forces us to confront ourselves and question the next time we eat too much, or take too much time gelling our hair or even lash out in road rage. He questions our day-by-day apathy and ignorance to the savagery of human existence in a time of war, poverty, cynicism and most importantly sin.
good "Valerian And The City Of... Who Cares..." flopped because it was a jumbled mess. Crummy story, terrible script, badly edited and the so called "stunning visuals" were an incoherent cacophony of sights and sounds, that surely looked pretty at times, but added nothing to the movie, except give audiences whiplash and headaches.But perhaps even worse were the two lead actors cast in the main roles, the people supposed to carry this movie. Dane DeHaan and Cara Delevingne had zero on-screen chemistry. They are terrible sub-par actors, which isn't saying much given the widespread lack of talent of the upcoming generation of artists, people who think that "trending" and being famous is the same as having talent and ability.Watching Cara Delevingne trying to act is about as painful as being lobotomized while awake...
good I never review movies here. All I want to say about this movie is that I was suspicious of this movie from the start. I was almost certain I was going to be turning this off after 5 or 10 minutes. But an hour in and I'm still watching it. I actually paused it to look something up about the movie, and happen to catch some of the reviews.So I read in a few of them that this movie is basically a revenge fantasy for gun nuts(That's an actual quote(paraphrased) from one of the reviews). Well this isn't a spoiler, and I'm only saying it becuase it's only spoken for a second and then forgotten, but the 2 older brothers are rangers. That's all I have to say. The rest of the movie is exactly what would happen if 2 rangers had their sister kidnapped, and they knew where she was.
good  The second entry into the world of Sergio Leone's western landscape delivers more nerve tingling gun duels, a greater insight into what drives the characters, and a more powerful soundtrack which in all Leone films forms the basis of what he is trying to portray. Leone uses the brilliant Ennio Morricone music to demonstrate the emotions of the characters, and the situations that they find themselves in.Fresh from the successful film A Fistful Of Dollars, Clint Eastwood stars again as the Man With No Name, a man who is identified by this spaghetti poncho and his fast drawing gun action. As the title card states "Death Sometimes Had Its Price, That Is Why The Bounty Killers Appeared" basically describes the motives of Clint Eastwood's character, he is a bounty killer that goes up against criminals that have a price on their head.However like anything in life there is competition, for Eastwood it comes in the form of a quiet, intelligent and efficient killer Col Douglas Mortimer played brilliantly by Lee Van Cliff. Mortimer is driven by a deeper motive, one that goes beyond reward money and goes closer to his heart. Lee outshines Eastwood in most of the scenes with his efficient killing style, and his vast array of weaponry.Eventually both men collide as a villainous and psychotic man El Indio escapes from prison, and plans with the help of his ruthless gang to rob the bank of El Paso. Gian Maria Volonte plays Indio with such perfection and realism, and gives the viewers a much more in-depth look into his character. As viewers we sense that Indio is a disturbed man, with a long past that has made him psychotic and ultimately evil. It was enjoyable to see Volonte have a wider role as the villain, as in the previous film A Fistful of Dollars his villain Ramon Rojo didn't really go into second gear. As the film progresses Eastwood and Lee's characters realise that they must form a partnership in order to bring down Indio and his gang of killers, both for different reasons.For A Few Dollars More is one of the best westerns ever made with its greatly orchestrated gun duels assisted by this breath taking soundtrack, making it a must see western. This has always been my favourite in the Dollars Trilogy as it has a well told story and just one you cant take your eyes off. A Brilliant Director and A Brilliant Film!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
good If not a stylist in the slightest, Jodie Foster is a very smart lady and a capable director with a keen flair for tone. Both funny and utterly pessimistic, Money Monster brings welcome memories of (admittedly better) movies like Network, and there are much worse associations than this one. Presenting the alliance of computer trading and cable television as a weapon of mass destruction, of value as well as lives, Mrs Foster packs up a convincing case, if not escaping all traps of such a complex subject having to be laid out and resolved in 138 minutes, which by the way breeze by as if they were 98, one of the best possible compliments for a movie in our age of bloated freak shows.The Ibis corporation took a plunge of 800 M$ after a "glitch" affected its high-speed trading, this mere weeks after Lee Gates, star anchor of the Money Monster cable program, has deemed its share safer than any life insurance policy. Kyle Budwell (Jack O'Connell), one of the 99%, having lost everything, breaks in the TV studio, takes Gates hostage, put an explosive vest on him and asks for answers. They prove difficult to get, as Ibis' CEO has vanished. Gates can only rely on himself, and on Patty Fenn, the studio director (Julia Roberts).It is not useless to underline that the ibis is the animal form of the Egyptian God of Knowledge, due to its ability to make the difference between drinkable and corrupt water, a form of wisdom which all concerned are deprived of, intoxicated as they are with the promise of money acquired faster than the speed of light, thanks to inscrutable algorithms in a world shrunk to a few stock exchange places. Greed, once heralded as good, is still the same, though, and for lack of a better word, greed is a bulimic monster that cannot be satiated.There is a measure of squeamishness in having close friends Clooney and Roberts sharing top billing. Both are consummate professionals, but it is hard not to think once or twice during Money Monster that they are not stretching their acting chops to a dangerous extent in it. Clooney is his usual jerk with a heart of gold and easy empathy to his fellow humans, whatever disturbed they are, and Roberts is her trademark strong woman whose inner vulnerability allow her to act noble instead of curt. They make the show, however, since the other actors are something of a white noise, except Emily Meade as Molly, the hostage taker's girlfriend, who is brought on the air to mollify him and has one excellent, enraged scene.Money Monster wears its ideas on its sleeve, but they are treated without naivety. On one hand Mrs Foster is obviously sympathetic to the "Occupy Wall Street" movement and clearly thinks that unregulated finance is the enemy. If something catastrophic occurs, blame it on computer programming, on Europe, on the ways of the world. Never blame yourself for your mistakes regarding others as long as you make a load out of them. Last time one checked, this was the 21st century definition of capitalism, a battle of financial kaijus eradicating industrial sectors or countries alike. On the other hand, her movie is pessimistic as hell regarding the ability of the common man to make any change to this current state of affairs. There are a couple of chilling moments towards the end of the movie, one an enthusiastic flash mob marching in support of Kyle Budwell, only to vanish like a flock of sheep as a gun is fired, the other the immediate loss of interest for whatever the same had to say when his fate is sealed. Case closed, let's have a commercial break. "What kind of program will we have tomorrow?" ask Lee Gates to Penny, whom Drama Day has obviously brought together (again).Ending up in memes and tweets like most things do whenever they start nowadays, Money Monster sums up in a rather tight bundle a sizable portion of what is going wrong in our wretched century, bringing short attention span disorder in the realm of terminal illness. We don't have enough memory to process everything happening at the speed it is happening. Our short bursts of indignation are followed by long bouts of complacency. If money has always been the root of evil, it is now a very modern and capable monster indeed.
good  Not too often you see a laugh out loud movie at the old multiplex, but Vacation is surely one of them. It was hard for me to hear the dialogue for the guys behind me laughing so hard. There were just scene after scene of hilarity. Right from the opening credits up until the final credits, nothing but laugh, laugh, laugh. The top laugh getter though I guess would have to be the trip to Hot Springs Arkansas by the family. It will make you and your whole family want to schedule a future bathing adventure in some nearby hot spring. But there was one sour note. The movie is rated "R". There are lots of filthy words, and some naked people in the movie. So do not let your young children see the movie. Other than that the movie is a hoot.
good  Spectacular and chilling to watch Dr. Strangelove in May 16, 2017. I'm not going to talk about prophecy not even coincidence. Art has a way to warn, express or simply entertain in a way that its relevance will always be renewed. That opening with George C Scott's secretary, in her underwear, answering the phone for her boss in the most professional tone imaginable, is a masterful way to introduce us to the normal absurdity we're about to embark on. Terry Southern's extraordinary script (sharing credit with Peter George and Stanley Kubrick himself) is a masterpiece of intention and execution. The film doesn't have a moment of emptiness nor a single cheap shot. Everything works with the irrational logic of tradition and set standards. How can something so serious and ultimately terrifying can be so funny. I think that's the definition of film art. I don't want to sound pompous but that's exactly how I feel. I've seen a 1966 movie by Stanley Kubrick in 2017 that's better, more relevant, ingenious and even revolutionary than anything we've seen in a long, long time. Peter Sellers, fantastic three times over (and he was also going to play the Slim Pickens part) George C Scott in one of the greatest comic performances ever put on film and Sterling Hayden in a frighteningly credible show of abuse of power, complete the pleasures of this remarkable film.
good  In my college film class we had begun watching "It happened one night". I was laughing my head off. But of course my professor stops the movie right when it was getting good. After that, I wanted to see this movie so badly. My father lucky enough had the movie. I watched it and it is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. Clark Gable is histerical. He really does a great job in the film. I always did prefer the old comedies to today. Do you blame me? If you watch the flick, you will enjoy it. This is one of the first romantic comedies. It'll send all the others to the back of the bus. I would higly recommend this movie. It's a classic.10/10
good  Cocktail is a lot of things. It's a classic love story about finding the right "rich chick". It's a sorted tale about an aging down on his luck bartender who finds a reason to live. And it's also a feel good film. It teaches you how to respect the desire. Be careful around Elisabeth Shue. "And pretty soon, days get shorter and shorter, nights longer and longer, before you know it, life is just one long night with a few comatose daylight hours." And in the end, no matter how shitty you are to people, they will always forgive you. Bryan Browns masterpiece and Cruise is electric. It's another one of those movies you could watch over and over. And in a little while, your want to watch it again. If anyone hasn't seen this movie and doesn't plan on it, than they are just retarded. Do yourself a favor, run down to the store and buy it. You'll thank me.
good  It takes a miracle for me to go the cinema since smoking is banned in cinema chains but Peter Jackson is a miracle worker . How else would he be able to make me forget my filthy and disgusting nicotine addiction ? He made me forget all about cigarettes for three hours with THE TWO TOWERS and I knew that with RETURN OF THE KING he could make me forget all about ciggies for a record breaking three and a half hours . I booked my ticket for Rothesay winter gardens cinema and sat down to be enthralled!!!!! SPOILERS !!!!!I do conclude there are some people in the world who can`t see what the fuss is about with the LORD OF THE RINGS trilogy . My parents seem slightly puzzled that their cynical critical son loves LOTR . It`s simply explained , these epic movies aren`t a childish fantasy , they`re like David Lean filming a Shakespeare play , but I do take onboard the criticism that the story structure of the movies can be irritating . FELLOWSHIP is very stop-start while the action intercutting in TTT can be annoying but ROTK has probably the best pace and structure of the three . ROTK starts with a sequence showing Smeagol murdering his friend in order to get the ring . This gives some needed backstory to Gollum . It also sets up its stall that it`s not a family film never mind a " childish fantasy " . In fact I predict that many of the children in Rothesay cinema will be having nightmares tonight due to the scenes with that horrible big spider , it made my skin crawl and the woman sitting next to me was gasping out loud as it prepared to cocoon poor Frodo , you should have seen the Q for the toilet after that scene which tells you how convincing the FX are in this movie , nothing appears CGI : Gollum isn`t computer generated he`s a living being and Peter Jackson doesn`t use camera trickery for fight scenes he uses million upon millions of extras . He is David Lean reincarnated . No he is David Lean AND Will Shakespeare reincarnated , look at the way the cast act their parts , it`s like they`re appearing in the greatest play of the bard . Their performances are superlativeThere are some flaws . I did mention the script gives background to Smeagol but the script - Like the other films in the trilogy - is somewhat uneven . John Noble`s character Denethor seems somewhat underwritten and I wasn`t sure what his motivation was . Also as everyone else has mentioned the false endings are very irritating . When Aragorn is crowned king and the screen faded to black the audience reached for their Jackets and bags then we`re shown another scene lasting several minutes which faded to a blaze of music. Everyone reached for their bags and jackets , then another scene which... It would have been better to have seen Aragorn crowned King and then seen Frodo sailing into the distance but I guess after the screenwriters have irritated us with the abrupt endings of the first two movies it`s somewhat traditional to irritate with the end of the trilogy . These faults I can forgive but there is an unforgivable cop out of having an army of the undead charging to save the race of men from the Orc army at the end . It didn`t ruin the movie for me but it just seems so lazy and contrived which stopped me from thinking it was the best movie in the trilogy , it`s not , FELLOWSHIP is . But still this is a masterpiece of cinema which like cigarettes left me breathless and satisfied and hopefully we`ll see it sweep the Oscar ceremony at lastAs for the Oscars themselves I`m puzzled about a couple of things . Howard Shore`s score is beautiful and haunting but it`s far from original with much of the music in ROTK re-used from FELLOWSHIP ( The Gondor theme ) and TTT ( The Celtic music ) while the omissions are even more surprising . No nominations for any of the actors ! I know that all the great performances would cancel each other out but it`s shameful Andy Serkis wasn`t nominated as best supporting actor . Can anyone name a more unlikable baddie than Gollum in recent cinema ? Me neither and no nomination for cinematography ! I`ve no idea how John Lesnie`s camera was able to keep up with the action and he deserved at least a nomination so maybe we`ll see the third instalment robbed on Oscar night like FELLOWSHIP was . Even if it is that doesn`t stop me and millions of other film fans from recognising the genuis of Peter Jackson . I bow to you Sir
good You know how some movies can be so bad that they're secretly kind of good? Truth or Dare might be one of those movies.  As far as being legitimately good, it's not. It's terrible. It's littered with nonsensical reactions, silly dialogue, and unintentionally hilarious moments. Maybe those weird smiles that every character makes at one point are scary to others, but I found them funny every time.  The movie is pretty straightforward, but I'll give a brief explanation anyway. A group of friends goes to Mexico on spring break. While there, a stranger invites them to play truth or dare in a creepy abandoned church. It turns out that the game is possessed by a demon who follows them and forces them to continue playing the game until every player is dead. Fail a dare, you die. Tell a lie, you die. Refuse to play, you die.  The game and movie are essentially Jumanji crossed with Final Destination. It's PG-13, so it's not nearly as graphic as Final Destination, which I didn't mind. It all sounds simple enough. But, the filmmakers still changed the rules throughout the movie and also radically changed what we knew about the characters. Maybe these changes were supposed to indicate that the game reveals our true selves and all the previous information was false. But that doesn't totally work because even characters who know nothing about the game change drastically from one scene to the next. This is the sort of thing that makes the movie clearly bad, but also secretly kind of good because you can laugh at the badness. The other part that partially bothered me and partially made me laugh at its absurdity was how emotionally vacant all the characters were. A friend would die, then they just moved on with a shrug. Specifically, when one guy they know (he's kind of a jerk and not exactly a friend) dies a gruesome death, one character watches the cell phone video multiple times. A person snaps his neck, and this character just watches the video with an amused look on his face, like he's watching a dog ride a skateboard. It's messed up. While this character is clearly the worst of the group, none of them are likable. If a movie is going to show a group of people die one at a time, it needs to convince us that we should care about them at least a little bit. Since the characters are unlikable and therefore difficult to sympathize with, I felt apathetic about their deaths (all except one, which I won't spoil). This is another part of the movie that's so bad that it's funny and secretly kind of good.Anyway, I'm dissecting this movie too much. The problems with the movie mostly play as funny while watching. If you want to watch and laugh at a bad scary movie with friends, Truth or Dare is fine. Just make sure you go in with low expectations.
good  With his distinctive visual style and a taste for solemn material, William Wyler was meticulously individualistic director, triple winner of the Best Picture Oscar... As a devoted artist, he showed visual clarity and sensitive portrayal of character, dignifying melodrama, epic and Westerns... His "Ben-Hur" is a semi-biblical adventure set in the First Century AD, during the life of Christ...In "Ben-Hur," Heston reaches the peak of his career winning an Oscar for his outstanding performance of Judah Ben-Hur... Judah is a peaceful Jewish prince who stands the tyranny of Rome through the sadistic mind of Messala... Heston gives a spiritual performance of the title role... Judah is noble, aggressive, proud and warm... He is authentic, believing that his existence had a purpose, and that his God will free him to take revenge on his enemy... He is a man of terrific complexity and great courage and fortitude... From the land of Judea, to the galley of a Roman warship and to the Valley of the Lepers, Judah struggles for dignity and freedom... Judah's spirit is nearly broken until a hand reaches toward him with a ladle of water... Judah/Messala friendship is great, but their relationship, damaged for ideological differences, makes them become bitter enemies... Messala (Stephen Boyd) sees only a Roman world in the future... Judah believes in the future of his people... Tribune Messala had the same attributes, the same traits of Judah, but inverted upside down ideologically... Messala is an ambitious autocratic commander, and a despot ruler, who wants Judea a more obedient and disciplined province...Quintus Arrius (Jack Hawkins) realizes much about Judah's character... After whipping his back, he told him: "You have the spirit to fight back but the good sense to control it. Your eyes are full of hate, forty-one. That's good. Hates keeps a man alive. It gives him strength." And that's why Judah can be called more a survival than a hero...Sheik Ilderim (Hugh Griffith), is the wealthy Arabian horse trainer, who needed a real man to race his strong and magnificent Arabian team...Haya Harareet is the Jewish maiden who tenderly falls in love with Judah...Sam Jaffe is Simonides, Judah's loyal friend and keeper of the Hur fortune... André Morell is Sextus, the pagan ruler whom Messala replaces...With dramatic musical score, breathtaking sets and costumes, huge masses of people, a vigorous sea battle between Roman fleet and Macedonian pirates, a memorable and spectacular chariots race, this inspiring film is an unforgettable solid motion picture, more religious than "The Ten Commandments."
good  Highly Recommended.. Gothic Horror. Occult. Folk Horror.A lot of the reviews on IMDB were negative. I guess they didn't get it, and have no appreciation for Gothic Horror or Folk Horror. It takes place in Wales, and the series captures the magic of the mountains, and the weirdness of the "folk." References to John Dee, and occult rituals. Cast from "Home Fires" and "Downton Abbey." I was engrossed in it this week. Definitely creepy and interesting. Great performance (again) by Lydia Wilson - she's one to look out for. It's a great addition to the Gothic cannon.(P.S. I wonder if the negative reviews are from Illuminati operatives. jk. Not really)
good This movie, the most hyped movie of all time, has been put under the microscope and looked at in a variety of different ways. It seems that everyone had prejudged the movie before it was even released, and then strutted about claiming that they told you that it would be that way. There was the die-hards, who were impossible to dissapoint. There were of course the disenchanted and the unimpressible, who probably would not had conceeded the movie was good no matter what. There were the people who acted as if this movie symbolized their disapproval of media hype itself, and by principle decided to dislike the film. Looking over the other comments I see the opposing viewpoints clearly. OK, the movie was overhyped, but what do you expect in 1999, the year of hype? I was four years old when the A New Hope came out, and of course, I loved it. I was four, and a science fiction epic can have its way with a boy of that age. I think many people in the 20-35 age group expected to have that same life changing event that happened to them twenty years ago this time around. That is the equivalent of going to Disney World for the first time since you were a kid and being let down: Did you expect the impact to be the same? Take the movie for what it is. OK, it isn't just any movie, but it behaved like one, with strong points and weak ones as well. First the strong points.1. All the acting was terrific, with the exception of Jake Lloyd. Many critics complained of the stiffness of the Jedi characters. What some people saw as flat acting I believe was well acted restraint by Neeson and Mcgregor. Their characters were kung-fu monks, not the pirate Han Solo and the upstart Luke. 2. All of the sets and costumes were beautiful. Even Oscar worthy. 3. The music was terrific. John Williams outdid himself with the otherworldly choir at the end. Breathtaking! 4. The fight scenes were excellent as well, better than the ones in the Matrix because they had less special effects woven in. 5. The plot had more substance than the prior three combined. The intricate dealings of politics, the metaphysical properties of the force, the nature of bondage and the messianic innuendos sent me reeling. 6. The pod race. Ben Hur for the Space Age.And for the weak points: 1. The flow changed speeds too often, making it seem somewhat unnatural. 2. Something did not work for me with Anakin's success at the end. It seemed more haphazard than the supernatural workings of the force. 3. Jake Lloyd is not a good actor. Period. the scenes between him and Portman awkward and seemed difficult. 4. The fact that some of the races of aliens resembled ethnic groups should not be considered offensive (I wasn't offended, and could have been). It does, however, seem like a lack of imagination.Personally, I put this movie ahead of ROTJ, but behind the first two. It still definitely is worth watching. By the way, I was rather indifferent to Jar-Jar, as I was to the plight of R2-D2 and C3PO in all the other movies. I have a feeling history will smile on this movie as the story progresses in the future installments and we become more familiar with some of the new concepts introduced in this one. If you have decided not to go to any of them anymore, fine. That means just less of a line for me.
good  My oh my.  "Pulp Fiction" is one of those roller-coasters of a movie.  It is both a joy and a trial to sit through.  Amazingly original and unforgettable, Quentin Tarantino's trash masterpiece never gets old or seem outdated.  It put a face on American independent film making in 1994. Miramax had been around since the 1970s and no one had heard of it before this film.  Studios went into a panic when this film came out because they knew it would be an amazing hit.  Of course it was.  Independent film making became the rage and hit its peak in 1996 when four of the five nominated Best Picture films were from independent studios.  The screenplay and direction by Tarantino are quite amazing, but the cast makes the film work. John Travolta (Oscar nominated) re-invented his career with this film. Bruce Willis cemented his celebrity.  Samuel L. Jackson and Uma Thurman (both Oscar nominees) became marketable superstars.  Others who make appearances include: Ving Rhames, Christopher Walken, Eric Stoltz, Rosanna Arquette, Steve Buscemi, Frank Whaley, Harvey Keitel, and of course Quentin Tarantino himself.  They all leave lasting impressions as well.  Samuel L. Jackson stood out the most to me, his lack of substantial screen time may have cost him the Oscar.  Just an amazing accomplishment, all involved deserve recognition.  Easily 5 stars out of 5.
good  Brian De Palma's Scarface depicts cinema at its most macabre, and not for a second does Stone's cut-throat screenplay go awry in its unforgiving attempt to limn the naked reality associated with drug mafia and the kingpins who govern it. Brian De Palma's unquenchable thirst to mimic the gore reality on the celluloid didn't go well with the MPAA, which rated even the highly censored third cut of the movie as 'X'. Brian De Palma and the producer Martin Bergman arranged a hearing with the MPAA and roped in a panel of experts including some narcotics officers, who testified the movie's verisimilitude to the conditions prevalent in the drug underworld. Their testimonies greatly convinced the members of the rating board, who eventually condescended to give an 'R' rating to the aforesaid third cut of the movie. Brian De Palma used the pervasive kerfuffle as a subterfuge to release the unedited original version of the movie instead of the curtailed one and kept this fact surreptitious for months until the movie was released on videocassettes. A remake of a 1932 classic of the same name, Scarface portrays the life of a young, tempestuous Cuban émigré named Tony Montana, highlighting his sanguinary journey from being a thug to becoming a kingpin of drug mafia. Montana's story is one of rise and fall, trust and deceit, love and hatred, greed and lust, but most importantly: life and death. He is a hapless victim of the vicissitudes of his time; a product of his tainted conscience and naked ambition. As the modern-day Macbeth, Montana is the quintessential anti-hero of American cinema: he adores his friends and folks, and is unforgiving to his foes. Brian De Palma took yet another calculated risk by choosing Al Pacino, who was then going through a lean patch in his career, to play Montana's part. Pacino took few months off to prepare himself for the role and to perfect his Cuban accent. Chagrin driven, Pacino uses all his talent and guile to give Montana an ineffable charm and an element of frenzy, which not only brings Montana to life, but also makes the portrayal, singularly remarkable. Pacino's breathtaking performance, which is arguably his best, manages to hold the viewer in a transfixion right from the inception to the finale. In fact, it's clear from the very first scene itself (the first scene in which Pacino is interrogated by the police for being a Cuban emigrant) that Pacino is on an inexorable mission to outperform not only his contemporaries, but also himself. He punctiliously takes care of the nuances and the subtleties in mannerisms needed for an exorbitant portrayal such as Montana's. As Tony Montana, Pacino not only substantiates his acting prowess and answers his critics once and for all, but also establishes Montana as a cult figure in American cinema. The entire cast has given a thorough performance with a special mention of Michelle Pfeiffer and Steven Bauer. Pfeiffer is absolutely ravishing in her intense portrayal of the quintessential, uber-sexy mobster's moll. The chemistry between Pfeiffer and Pacino is scintillating and at times, awe-inspiring.The movie is a highlight reel of some of the most graphic and grotesque sequences ever caricatured in cinema. The scene in which Tony Montana asseverates his innocence and loyalty to the drug kingpin Frank Lopez elevates cinema to a new zenith, while the Macbeth like climax gives the movie an operatic feel that is seldom associated with cinema.Scarface marked the upsurge of a new force in cinema: the triumvirate of De Palma, Stone and Pacino. Almost three decades have passed since Scarface, but Al Pacino, Brian De Palma and Oliver Stone still enjoy a global iconic status as they continue to enthrall the audiences worldwide with their idiosyncratic cinematic styles.PS. Scarface has become a prototype in modern cinema and is one heck of a cinematic experience, but is not meant for the faint-hearted, or the sycophantic adherents of conservative cinema. 9/10http://www.apotpourriofvestiges.com/
good  I was greatly looking forward to this movie.I had read many reviews and  they all seemed very positive.In fact when I read my newspaper's  critique is was given 4/4 which is unusual. How let down I am. This was  the worst movie I have seen this year.And we saw it in a VIP theatre.It  was so slow moving that I felt myself falling asleep. I kept looking at  my watch saying "only another 1/2 hour." Ryan Gosling cannot really  sing & dance.And Emma Stone may be very photogenic & a good actress but  she also is not much of a singer/dancer.There are wonderful musicals  such as The amazing "West Side Story",the wonderful "Grease' Chicago  was terrific to watch also as well as "Hairspray" with Jennifer Hudson  & 'Mama Mia" with Meryl Streep.But this mess was a dud. The plot was  simple but its execution was a dismal failure.I cannot figure out all  the accolades this movie is getting from the Golden Globes,critics,&  user reviews. A few hours after this film,I cant really remember  anything worthwhile.Do not waste your money on this film whatever the  critics say.It is boring,non believable,& you wont really care about  the characters.
good  "American Beauty" is tour de force cinema. Sam Mendes' brilliant debut feature depicts a web of characters who yearn for their own 'American Dream' - yet, in the end, only one character truly attains it.Having seen "Happiness" only recently, I could not help but draw comparisons: both films centre around a microcosm of society in which the people, in their own unique way, all strive to be successful or simply 'happy'. But here the similarities end: the characters in "Happiness" undergo a self-realisation process through which they become increasingly aware of their meaningless existence, and go on to wallow in their own depravity. "Happiness" shows no signs of redemption; whereas in "American Beauty" the audience is offered a sense of hope, of salvation, though the characters must endure a similar fate, or more accurately, they must endure the way of life in which they are trapped.The pivotal character upon which this theme centres, is the father Lester, played impeccably by Kevin Spacey. He is presented to us as a bit of a loser who plays the subjugated figure in the home and at work. He appears resigned to an unhappy life in which he is treated badly by his wife and daughter and his boss at work. Seemingly beyond redemption, Lester transforms from being a loser.Mendes portrays this transformation admirably well: he shows Lester on his 'path to enlightenment' pushed up against a grim background of suburbanite existence. These early scenes are well balanced, forming a steady rhythm of TV commercial-like vignettes which prove very comical, if at times unsettling. As Lester reflects in the film: "My life is like a commercial". And how this rings true: like in "Happiness", all the characters hide underneath this veneer of normality and respectability, yet they are all revealed to be nothing but the opposite: depressed, depraved and desperate.Lester's wife, played by Annette Benning, is the most success-driven character in the story which renders her the most hopeless in the film's tone of moral conviction. "In order to be successful in life one must project the appearance of success" is the maxim she adopts from the 'king' of real estate, Buddy King. It is a phrase which resonates throughout the film: for Benning's pawn, life is all about keeping-up appearances. This is where Lester differs from her: his emancipation is enabled by him discarding the constraints of 'normal life' and following what his heart desires.Lester is the catalyst in this narrative in which the ancillary characters either follow suit (as does his daughter and Ricky) or pay the price (as does his wife and the Colonel). The irony inherent in this film, and it grows with resonance as the film draws to a conclusion, is that the only character who truly becomes free must sacrifice everything in order to achieve it. Yet it is through his sacrifice that he is able to afford the surviving characters a glimpse of hope in life.This film left me gasping for air: its hyper-realism conveys, at the same time, a portrait of the suburban comedy, a jolting-shock of realisation, and a cathartic sense of hope. Mendes depicts a certain people who, to varying degrees, all strive for a certain 'American Dream', yet so few actually attain it. Though whilst one may have difficulty with tagging this film with the 'feel good' label, the beauty of "American Beauty" is that it sits half-way between a desperate cry for help and a reassuring sense of happiness and fulfilment and that is cinema at its best.
good  My favorite Miyazaki's movie is "Princess Mononoke" on a graphical scale. But on a "charming scale", this one is really the best.Even the Disney movies are not so charming than this movie. Poetic, charming, cute, I can't find the words to describe the good this movie made to me. Miyazaki brings us into the wonderlands of the children, better than "Alice in wonderland" or "Peter pan".In fact, Miyazaki makes us loving children. In the movie, the children run, shout all time, laugh, cry, and so on. In the real world, I hate this. In normal movies I hate this too. But, here, every actions of the two little girls touch us deep in our heart. We learn to love children's world.Every one of us will have a smile on this face, from the beginning to the end of this movie.My favorite scene is the first encounter between Mei and Totoro. It's fun, poetic, and charming. Miyazaki succeeds to make a movie enjoyable for the very little kids (4 y.o.) and for the adult audience. It's very rare to succeed doing that !Really, a masterpiece !10/10 !
good I don't understand the complains and hate about Blade: Trinity a very underrated sequel to the success of the previous two movies. The first and second movie are awesome sci-fi action flicks.I read so many negative reviews how the fans and critics dissed this film and how are disappointed with this flick. I love it. I am not gonna say is the best movie, it is not but It' is a pretty good movie a worth of a watch an awesome underrated sequel. Blade: Trinity rocks! I am a fan of all Blade movies. Before this movie come out I kept watching Blade I & II. It was been 7.years when I finally download and watch this movie, today I watch it on Blu-ray and Blade third installment rocks. Blade: Trinity is rated R! RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR not PG-13 It Is violent, action gore adrenaline sci-fi flick not for kids. I can't believe how Robocop (2014) remake is praised from fans and critics but Blade get's dissed and bashed from critics it is just not fair!My Reply and answer to a negative reviewer: "I didn't pay to see Jessica Biel (hottest body in Hollywood) fake fight. Who cares about Whistler's daughter?"........ Jessica Biel did a good job, with weapons, shooting bow and arrow and the fights she wasn't annoying and I honestly didn't see or noticed her hottest body, I was following the story. I don't know what is your problem? The third installment of Blade is very decent movie! "Why is Wesley Snipes sharing screen time with Ryan Reynolds and Jessica Biel? Who cares about Hannibal King? I paid to see Blade kick butt, just like in Blade 1 and 2. I didn't pay to see Ryan Reynolds joke for half the film."............ Why wouldn't he be? Wesley Snipes shared screen time with other actor and actress in Blade I & II and other his movies. So why wouldn't he shared screen time with Ryan Reynolds and Jessica Biel? Wesley Snipes, Ryan Reynolds and Jessica Biel did a wonderful decent good job as a trio team that is why it is called Blade: Trinity! Blade did kick butt!!!! In the beginning he kicked ass of the vampires and kill them, he beat up the SWAT team, he fought in a sword fight with Dracula, well sorry Abigail helped him to kill Dracula so whatever! They don't make movies like this one today! I wish I would had sci-fi action movies like are this one today!! I really wish! I wanna see Blade again in action. Green Lantern get's hate and so does Blade: Trinity. I like action movies I really do and I really wish I could get action movies like are this one. It is 2015 and I haven't see any good sci-fi action movie like is this one today!!! They don't make them like that anymore!!! Blade saved a baby and he also talked to the little girl.Dracula was played from Dominic Purcell who also started in my favorite TV Show of all time Prison Break. Patton Oswalt from King of Queens was also in it. Here we have a fights, a little origins of Dracula the first and original vampire. Jessica Biel's fight, Ryan Reynolds so muscular in here and he fights pretty well. Also I don't care about the jokes he is telling as long he acts they way he supposed to do. Jessica Beil was so much better with Bow and arrow shooting the Vampires like Sylvester Stallone did in 1985 Rambo: First Blood Part II, she was so much better shooter with bow and arrow than Jennifer Lawrence in The Hunger Games is! She was so much better with using weapons than Jennifer Lawrence does! Blade shoots and kills and kick's the vampires. He use his particular hand guns and his other silver weapons. We have a great music themes and soundtracks! I know that while filming this movie there was a lot of problems between Wesley Snipes and David S. Goyer. That Wesley suffered from a mental breakdown and often would not come out of his trailer, he would only respond to the name 'Blade', and if he communicated with anyone, it would be via post-it notes. 'Ryan Reynolds' corroborated this while promoting the film. Saying that Snipes would ignore the entire cast but once acknowledged Reynolds by saying "Keep your mouth shut. You'll live longer." Still Blade: Trinity is pretty good damn sequel and that a good one, I love it very much. I love all three movies and I wish that there would be another sequel after this film. I don't get why people are bashing this movie so much? Underworld got three sequels and Blade only two but not three or four? I know Wesley Snipes and Kris Kristofferson were disappointed with the script and with the movie. But honestly it was a pretty damn good entertainment, I wasn't bored with it. Robocop 2 (1990), Spider-Man 3 (2007), Predator 2 (1990) and Kick-Ass 2 (2013) are getting so much hate and bashed this days for it. I still love them all. My best Blade movie would honestly be Blade II, I enjoyed the fights than is Blade I and Than Blade: Trinity.Anyway , it's a good continuation of Blade's story.There is nothing new here , but it's well executed. In the end it's one of those rare satisfying sequels. I give it 8/10.
good Ok, so there's more than a few plot holes, ridiculous lines and 'what the hell?' moments, and the sub-plot between the brothers is unnecessary. All that aside, it's actually a pretty enjoyable movie. The acting from the main characters is for the most part solid, the story line was interesting enough to keep me interested for 90 odd minutes, and the effects were top notch. Seems like they really pumped a lot of money into CGI to make up for other shortcomings, and while they exaggerated the power of the storm way too much at times it was still impressive.If you found movies like 'The Day After Tomorrow' and 'Geostorm' enjoyable you'll more than likely enjoy this too!
good 1- The trailer sums up all the funny bits in the movie, rest is epic crap 2- Horrendous acting 3- Brain numbing dialogue 4- Outlandish (like crazy ass outlandish not inspiring outlandish) incidents 5- Stuck up its own ass writing 6- A diarrhoea of events with no specific relation or logic OK if that's too general for you, Carla (a very mediocre- looking middle aged woman with no education, career, wits, or any prospects of any nature) falls in love at first sight while staring at the massive penis of her fire-fighter stripper handsome heart-of-gold hunk who has a six pack, and obviously some sort or testicular condition because he does not flinch or even grimace as she waxed his balls. And he loves her back at first sight too because she "treated him like a human being not just a penis" (she didn't). Oh zo zweet! Does this part of the story go anywhere? No, why would it if the entire movie isn't going anywhere with any sort of story at all? If you're OK with this kind of bullshit, go watch it. Every ten minutes, I wanted to shout "come on!" Stupid women, silly women, thirsty women, desperate women, crazy women. Chauvinism has no bounds! I must add that I didn't pay to see this movie. I have an Odeon Card. I was one of three people in the cinema on a Friday night and one of them fell asleep mid- way. Enough said.
good Although ABC's "Dynasty" really began as a response to the wildly popular "Dallas" on CBS, the show became so much more over its original U.S. run, from 1981 to 1989.While "Dallas" had a bit of the earthy element of the ranch and the land and their value (think Miss Ellie) mixed in with the big-bucks oil industry, "Dynasty" was all glitz, all the time. After the show found its way during the first season, and Alexis arrived for the second, the characters went great guns in their portrayal of '80s capitalism and high living. We all wanted to watch. Maybe, in a way, we all wanted to live those lives. But would we, really? Hmmm ...Being a chick, I enjoyed the **fashions** and the intrigue as I watched the show originally in the 1980s. I was a teen who hadn't yet experienced the big world out there yet, and I think the show appealed to a lot of people my age for that same reason. I'm thankful that the show has been released on DVD now, because I talked to so many fans over the years who desperately longed for the videos (back before DVD)!
good  The Good, the Bad and the Ugly (1966) is an epic classic Sergio Leone's masterpiece film and a great conclusion to "the Man with No Name" Trilogy. This is my number 1 favorite Spaghetti Western about the Civil War and three gunslingers on a search for a lost gold. I love this film to death. It is my personal favorite western movie of all time. Clint Eastwood, Eli Wallach and Lee Van Cleef are the best of the film in their roles. It has a great showdown in the cemetery on the end of the film, the way how it is edited. The cuts with people's faces and close up shots. I love this film to death and it is my number one favorite western in the trilogy. If I had to put then into a 'favorite ranking' list? 1. The Good, The Bad and The Ugly, 2. A Fistful of Dollars and For a Few Dollars More. Those are all three best masterpieces ! They are my favorite Clint Eastwood western movies in the series and they are really my favorite westerns that I am still watching today. I love the music score by Ennio Morricone that did wrote different and new theme music score for this film. The Action sequences are awesome and the bullets are flying, the guns in this film are plenty. The scene action are also good which this film makes such an entertainment from begging till end. It is the third entry in to The Dollars trilogy or better known the Man with No Name, it is the final installment of The Dollars Trilogy. This film is a classic that made Clint Eastwood in to a big star that he is today. An epic Western that follows the adventures of three gunfighters looking for $200,000 in stolen gold, Sergio Leone's 'The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly' is one of his best masterpiece, one that continues to get better and better with each viewing. A bounty hunting scam joins two men in an uneasy alliance against a third in a race to find a fortune in gold buried in a remote cemetery. The inimitable "Man With No Name" teams with two gunslingers (Lee Van Cleef and Eli Wallach) to pursue a fortune in stolen gold. But teamwork doesn't come naturally to the outlaws, and they soon discover that their greatest challenge is to stay alive in a country ravaged by war. Forging and Vibrant and yet detached style of action never before seen and not matched since, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly shatters the western mold in true Eastwood Style! The film is known for Leone's use of long shots and close-up cinematography, as well as his distinctive utilization of violence, tension, and stylistic gunfights.The plot revolves around three gunslingers competing to find fortune in a buried cache of Confederate gold amidst the violent chaos of the American Civil War (specifically the New Mexico Campaign in 1862), while participating in many battles and duels along the way. The film was the third collaboration between Leone and Clint Eastwood, and the second with Lee Van Cleef. Still the race and the three gunslingers were just fantastic who will get the first the gold. The final scene on the cemetery is one of the best action scenes ever. The iconic Mexican standoff, with Tuco, Angel-Eyes in the middle, and Blondie is the best scene in the film. The trio all separately are traveling trough American Civil War who doesn't want any part of the war to do.Clint Eastwood as "Blondie" (a.k.a. the Man with No Name): a subdued, bounty hunter did a really wonderful job as the good person, he showed that he is honest a good kind gunslinger. I think Clint Eastwood as Blondie did made memorable character and one of his the best acting performance on screen I have ever saw. Lee Van Cleef as Angel Eyes: The Bad, a ruthless, unfeeling, and sociopathic mercenary who always finishes a job he is paid for. Did a terrific job as the villain in this film, gosh this movie is awesome! He convinced me of his acting skills that he is a professional actor. Eli Wallach as Tuco "The Rat" The Ugly, a comical, oafish was amazing in his role, Sergio Leone choose him for this film with natural talent as the main cast. Those trio actors did a wonderful job as a different gunslingers on searching for a gold. The film also has humor and it is also brilliant in the both terms, the scene on cemetery where Tuco arrives first and is looking for a tombstone was brilliant. It turned out the gold was buried in a unmarked grave, that was hard to find. I was laughing when Blondie throws a shovel to Tuco for digging up the grave and the Angles Eyes comes and throws another shovel for Blondie, where both of them have to dig now the grave the scene was funny. They are a lot of moments in this film. 10/10 my number1 favorite in the trilogy, I love this film to death.
good Lenny Abrahamson's Room opens in a 10 x 10 room that has no windows, a locked door, and no light other than that provided by an overhead skylight. Jack (Jacob Tremblay), a slight five-year old boy with hair down to his shoulders wakes up each morning as he has all his life, saying hello to his world. He says hello, not to the sun or the grass outside his front door where he can run and laugh and play but only to the objects which is all his world consists of: the lamp, the sink, the plant, the refrigerator. His only friend is a mouse that he feeds with some pleasure.Not that he lacks for companionship. Ma (Brie Larson) is with him and their endless days consist of cooking, reading, and watching TV where Jack is told that what he sees on the screen is not real, only pretend. All he knows of the world is what he sees in front of his eyes. Old Nick (Sean Bridgers) brings food and other household items but when he comes, Jack has to hide in his wardrobe, out of sight. Ma, we find out, has been kept prisoner and used for sex by the hulking man who comes every night and we know that Jack is a result of his mother's rape. Jack is the focus of the film and we see everything from his point of view, with the help of his sometime narration but we can also get into his mother's mind and feel her pain and live her dreams.There is never any doubt of his mother's love though the obvious strain of keeping herself from crying out every minute is painfully obvious. To Jack, she is the center of his world and his reason for being. When the second half of the film takes a surprising turn and shifts 180 degrees, Jack and Ma are not prepared for what awaits them. Even when an alternative is suggested as possible, he doesn't want to hear anything about a different world with blue sky and rivers and trees. Room is a tense and compelling film in which Brie Larson more than fulfills the brilliance that she showed in Short Term 12 and should make her an Oscar contender. Tremblay is also superb.He lives his character and makes him come alive, even though he is only nine years old. Supporting roles by Joan Allen and William H. Macy also contribute to the film's second half but it is always Larson and Tremblay that carry the day. The film is not mawkish or sentimental even though the soaring score by Stephen Rennicks comes close. While there are has some plot implausibilities, the film is a tribute to the resiliency and the dedicated love of a parent for their child. It is also a teaching experience. Like many who are walled off from each other and think the box they are in is all there is, the film can give us the combination to open the locked door, if we take the risk to turn the key.
good  Moviemakers when filming French based films have traditionally tended to sentimentalise the people' through the celebration of les petits gens, the little people of Pagnol and Clair as well as more recently the fantastical Parisian wonderland environments of Amelie and Moulin Rouge. With La Haine, young director Mathieu Kassovitz took the flipside of this and gave an illustration of the awfulness of life in the depressed blue-collar areas of ParisLa Haine (Hate') begins after a night of rioting on a dismal housing estate on the northern outskirts of Paris and focuses on 24 hours in the lives of three close friends aged around 20. They are Vince (Vincent Cassel), an explosive working-class Jew, Hubert (Hubert Kounde), a handsome, soft-spoken black, and Said (Said Taghmaoui), a mercurial streetwise Arab. With little hopes or prospect of regular employment due to where they come from, the trio drift aimlessly, engaging in petty theft, and seething with aggressive resentment against an uncaring world. L'Avenir c'est nous (We Are the Future) is the ironic slogan on the estate's playground, but this is a film about people who believe they have no future.The quality of the performances from the 3 main actors, their conviction, the way they interact with one another and the vigour and fluency of Kassovitz's script and direction make this a very special movie indeed. Its full of action, detail, unexpected incidents and quirky humour. For instance, the boys have a bizarre encounter in a public lavatory in central Paris with a diminutive survivor of the Gulag that is as puzzling to them as it is to us.  Does the story the Gulag survivor tells them have a deeper meaning than on the surface? Of course it does, and importantly this film makes you think as to what the metaphor means. Throughout violence is always on the point of erupting. There are constant confrontations with a brutal, racist police force, and Vince has a 44 Magnum revolver that a plainclothes cop lost during the riots, which we know will eventually be used on someone. However none of this ever descends into mere gratuitous violence like so many Hollywood filmsLa Haine presents a state of affairs of the alienation faced by many young people in the projects' in France, and all over the world. It doesn't offer any solutions, though the point is forcibly made that in France, as elsewhere, parts of the police force are part of the problem rather than the solution. Of course, much of what we are shown is familiar to us from British and American films .The strength of the film is that it neither glamorises nor patronises its characters. They hate their life because it's boring, and they despise the society that's created it for them, together with parks, football fields and a few mod cons with which to comfort them. In particular, they hate the police, who hate them right back. The film's other major achievement is to show in a tangible and very expressive way how a cycle of distrust and anger is created on both sides of this awful divide, so that there is very little anyone can do about it. In other words violence and hate breeds more violence and hate.A criticism that could be levelled is that in the US / UK versions the sub-titles don't help, pushing what is very authentic dialogue into something more like cliché, as well as pointless miss-translations that occur. However this is just a minor thing, and does not and should not reflect at all on the film itself.This certainly is one of the greatest films of the 1990s. Its one of those rare films that you will think about for the days and weeks after  not solely about the film itself, but on wider issues such as society, poverty and racism.
good During my searches on Anime on the net one day I came across this title. This was 2 years ago.Then last week I went to an Anime convention and at the DVD stand I saw it. I bought it immediately.When I got home 3 days later I popped it in. I was warned about it being tragic but nothing could have prepared me for the wave of emotion that hit me while watching it. I was depressed for a whole day. Even thinking about it made me cry..This is the power of Grave Of The Fireflies..This is not your typical Dragonball Z/Sailormoon/Pokemon style anime. While I love Sailormoon and some Dragonball Z, Grave Of The Fireflies surpasses it by lightyears. I bought it expecting an epic movie like Ghost In The Shell or Akira but even those paled compared to this.We have here a story of a 14 year old boy(Seita) who loses his mother in a firebombing during World War 2. He then has to take care of his 4 year old sister(Setsuko). While at first they're taken in by his aunt the relationship between him and his aunt takes a turn for the worst. He then ends up on the street and the struggle begins... It doesn't take a genious to figure out that things get really depressing, yet I won't spoil the ending..All I have left to say is that you have to see this movie.. It's the most powerful movie I've ever seen... It's painful to watch but still you have to see it...
good  I had the honor of watching TDK during a screening and was completely blown away! This isn't just the best Batman movie ever made, this is one of the best movie ever made. Everything in this film is excellent, not one piece of annoyance.Bale marvels as Bruce Wayne/Batman, Ledger has made The Joker in to an iconic movie villain. His performance belongs there at the top with Hopkins Lecter. The Joker has finally been portrait properly on film, he has earned his place between the big boys in movie villandom. This is the true Joker every Batman fan knows, loves and fears. Ledger deserves any and every movie award known to man for this brilliant display.Nolan has made his "I will always be remembered" movie, this is the crownjewel in his portfolio. Perfect directing, perfect story, perfect balance between action and drama, everything is perfect. Even if you hate Batman, you will love this film. If you don't, then something beez wrongz with youz!
good  I've reviewed this classic movie before, but now I'm gonna review the DVD. To start, I must say that although they had their rationale for deleting the "terminated" scenes, as they were called, I think they definitely should have left that one scene in where Sarah Connor calls her mom and tells her to hide in the cabin, and where she finds the listing of Cyberdyne Corp. in the phone book. This scene established Sarah as one who is willing to try to take matters into her hands to stop a nuclear war and a horrible future. She talks to Reese about getting rid of Cyberdyne and they get into an arguement about whether or not that is a mission objective and Reese ends up chasing Sarah into a wooded area. I think the beauty of the woods, flowers and waterfalls was important too, because Reese starts crying and saying how all of this is destroyed, and the future is nothing but blackened, charred ruins littered with the skulls of attempted human genocide. What a terrific, powerful scene. I adore Michael Biehn, and I didn't realize what a great actor (and crier) he is!!! Maybe the other "terminated" scenes were okay to delete, although they were all delightful. The one where Sarah practices her "wholesome waitress" routine was cute. The one where she talks about Disneyland and hot dogs might have seemed silly, but it really brought home how foreign our world is to Reese, as did the crying scene. The tickling scene might have seemed silly to the editor, but I thought it really made a point: after all the violence and bleakness Reese lived through, to be with the woman he's always loved and idolized, to lay in a cozy warm bed with her experiencing the simple joys of life for the first time (I still wonder if Sarah devirginized him, since he said he'd "never" had any special someone in his life) seemed to bring everything into perspective. The scene where you discover that the factory was Cyberdyne Systems was important too, but I'll let these scenes slide. I really think they should consider releasing a TERMINATOR with the scene in the wooded area included. Nevertheless, I still consider this film as one of my favorite sci-fi films, and my favorite James Cameron film. I still admire who he infuses humanity with action and adrenaline, and the missing scenes were wonderful.
good  This film sums it all up, as well as the great action scene and a story to suit. They introduced a new characters and gave a better story about Cybertron. Hard to get into much more detail with out spoilers the movie has a good sense of comedy highly recommend this film to anyone.The scene at the end of the movie will get you puzzled and wanting more!
good The problem with shark films is that, once you hear about it, people immediately think of Steven Spielberg's masterpiece Jaws. So how do you approach a shark film without repeating Jaws? The answer is Deep Blue Sea. Researchers and scientists harvest brain fluids from sharks for a cure for Alzheimer's disease, but unknown to the other scientists, Dr. Susan McAlester(Saffron Burrows) and Dr. Jim Whitlock(Stellan Skarsgard) violated the code of ethics and genetically engineered the sharks to increase their brain size, with the side effect of the sharks getting smarter and bigger. In a genre full of clichés, this film at least keeps you guessing here and there. What director Renny Harlin establishes is that anyone can die, the whole cast is expendable, and ultimately fodder. However, in doing so he at least allows you to get to know the characters before they're shark food, some more than others. One can understand why Dr. McAlester is so driven for a cure, but ultimately it's all her fault for the events that take place in the film. Thomas Jane is good in the role Carter Blake, who is a shark wrangler. He also somehow magically dodges every shark that comes towards him and rides on their fins like Aquaman. Almost unrealistic, but the movie is so fun you just kinda go along with it and Jane handles the actions scenes quite well. Plus he holds his breath under water like no human can which can be impressive, but again a bit of a stretch. LL Cool J and Michael Rapaport provide sharp wisecracks and provide the film's humor. Samuel L. Jackson also has a decent supporting role as Russell Frankin, the research team's financial backer.The shark deaths are brutal and unforgiving and may make some uneasy. The problem with this film is that, although the shark attacks are effective, it tries a lot to make you uncomfortable and it becomes too one-noted. Of course in a film like this it's expected. The whole time you have no idea who is going to die next, and those sharks are relentless and a lot more vicious. Director Renny Harlin effectively uses the timing, suspense and the element of surprise so kudos to him. The shark puppets look great, but the same cannot be said for the cgi shark effects, it's dated and doesn't hold up. Deep Blue Sea is pure popcorn entertainment. The film doesn't necessarily bring anything new to the table, but again it keeps you guessing and at times it keeps you on the edge of your seat. It's an effective shark film, and it tires to be a good film. That's something I can appreciate. 6.5/10
good  First of all, this is movie is my all-time favorite, out of all the hundreds of films I have seen. However, every time I mention this film, I have to answer most people's quizzical looks with "It's a beautiful little 80s film that stayed in the 80s." After seeing it for the 24th time since I first saw it 5 years ago, on my 13th birthday, I can gladly say that this movie went far and beyond the 80s, and the power and inspiration of the message can be felt every day.Dead Poets Society is a most underrated film by a most underrated director whose inspiring, uplifting and moral tales firmly grounded in reality are not nearly as appreciated as they should be. Here, we see one of his very personal and cradled projects, and he shows the visual style and concentration on characters in which he is so affluent. His control of the camera and the characters are very strong and very smooth. The cinematography is near perfect, with every shot, along with the editing, seamless. Also very compelling are the color-tones in every scene, perfectly matching the mood and events of the scene. Could you say this is art? Absolutely.Then we have the performances. Robin Williams continues in stride as one who has to-date remained the most touching, heart-wrenching, awe-inspiring comedians with inarguable acting talent (he still remains my most favorite performer on the film screen). His Professor John Keating is a man who embodies every professor who you thought was cool and respectable, every person who taught or enlightened you in something out of the ordinary. In fact - dare I say it? - he teaches something EXTRAORDINARY! We have the tragically underrated Robert Sean Leonard in his role as the free-thinking catalyst student Neil. Why is this man not a household name/Hollywood heavyweight? His roles are always full of inspiration, energy, and tragic emotion that never fail to move an audience. His role in this movie is fresh, unhindered, and never pretentious as the cautionary tale of the movie. And then we have Ethan Hawke in one of his earliest roles as the point-of-view character. The entire supporting cast is very strong, also, providing the foundation and serve as the various emotional ties that further involve us in the story. Josh Charles's role as Knox Overstreet is a role that almost all guys can relate to wholeheartedly. And of course, all the actors who are in that Dead Poets Society do a fine job.And lastly, the story. I won't summarize it since it's been summarized many times here, but I will say that it is one of the best coming of age stories for not only adolescents, but anyone. I have personally heard from nine-to-fivers who were inspired by this movie to change the situations of their jobs, careers, relationships for the better. I first saw this movie when I was 13, and immediately stamped, crowned and elevated this movie as my all-time favorite. Now that I am 18 and living on my own, with very different concerns than back then, I turn back to this movie over and over again, to find inspiration, solace and of course, entertainment. It is still my all-time favorite, and it still inspires me to seize the day and make my life extraordinary.
good  Beauty and the Beast (1991): Paige O'Hara, Robby Benson, Richard White, Rex Everhart, Jerry Orbach, David Ogden Stiers, Angela Lansbury, Jesse Corti, Bradley Pierce, Jo Anne Worley, Mary Kay Bergman, Kath Soucie Kimmy Robertson, Brian Cummings, Tony Jay, Alvin Epstein, Frank Welker, Scott Barnes, Bruce Adler, Jack Angel, Vanna Bonta....Disney entered the 1990's with "Beauty and the Beast", by far their most unabashedly romantic film and for many viewers, their all-time greatest achievement. There is so much to admire and love about this terrific film which was adored by the critics and hailed as an instant classic at the time of its release in 1991. It was so loved that it became the first animated film ever to be nominated for Best Picture at the Oscars. The 18th century French fairy-tale is given a twist to cater to a more modern audience A selfish and heartless prince (Robby Benson) falls victim to an enchantress' curse and is transformed into a beast. His castle is bewitched and even his domestics are turned into household objects such as candelabras, clocks, feather dusters, teacups and kitchen utensils. Only the love of a woman can redeem the prince and only when she sees past the monster and into his humanity can he become human again. Enter Belle (Paige 0'Hara)the beautiful single daughter of an old and eccentric inventor Maurice (Rex Everhart) who lives in a small town in rural France. Belle stands out from the other townsfolk in her fondness for books, her individuality and her intellect. Bored of provincial life, she longs for "adventure in the great wide somewhere". She's pursued by Gaston (Richard White) a hunky but vain, self-absorbed and wicked hunter who wants to marry Belle and make her his "trophy wife". When Maurice sets off to sell his new invention to a fair, he becomes lost in the woods and stumbles into the Beast's castle. Before long he becomes his prisoner. Belle comes to the rescue but in order to save her father she must replace him as the Beast's prisoner. What ensues is a "tale as old as time". Despite his monstrousness, Belle learns to see past all that and in time tames the Beast herself. Their relationship is based on respect for one another as human beings, exemplified when Beast saves Belle's life and she in turn saves his. But it's not long before the villagers discover the Beast's existence and Gaston leads a murderous mob to attack the castle. The late Broadway singer Jerry Orbach provides comic relief as Lumiere, an amorous French candelabra and David Ogden Stiers portrays the stuffy British clock Cogsworth. Broadway icon and British actress Angela Lansbury portrays the kindly voice of reason, Mrs. Potts and young Bradley Pierce portrays her son Chip. Jesse Corti plays Lefou, Gaston's awkward and goofy sidekick. These minor characters, purely there for comic relief and cuteness, not only entertains younger audiences but they are so wonderfully portrayed by the actor's voices that even adults can enjoy them. It is through voices that can act as well as sing (Paige O'Hara, Richard White, Jerry Orbach and Angela Lansbury are all Broadway singers) in harmony with a solid plot and superior animation that this film truly shines. Beauty and the Beast still ranks as Disney's all-time greatest after 16 years. In fact, Disney does not make films like this anymore, owing to the excess use of computer graphics which can often dominate the story itself. Shortly after the success of the film, a Broadway musical was made, one that is still enjoyed to this date. And this film contains many wonderful song numbers: "Belle" - a gossip song as the villagers follow Belle on her way to the bookstore, "Gaston" sung by Gaston and his drinking buddies in his honor, "Be Our Guest" as the enchanted castle's staff entertains Belle for dinner, "Something There" a duet sung by the leads as they begin to fall in love and the title song "Beauty and the Beast" sung by Mrs. Potts as the newfound friends waltz beneath an opulent chandelier. This romantic song was popularized when a young Celine Dion, not yet a major star, sang a duet with Peabo Bryson for the soundtrack. With its theme of beauty found within, a woman's courage and virtue rewarded, the movie is also a sort of women's empowerment film for girls. Belle, the first Disney princess of the 90's, is strong, resourceful and dares to be different. Far from being a damsel in distress, it is she who rescues the Beast from doom and fights the villain Gaston by firmly renouncing him as a lover. Brilliant music and songs by Alan Menken and a splendid cinematography that used stunning computer-graphic art for such scenes as the ballroom waltz, this film was ahead of its time and marked the beginning of the great Disney films of the 90's - Aladdin, Lion King, Pocahontas, Hunchback of Notre Dame and others, all which used special effects made of computer graphic art. For this film, animators drew inspiration from Romantic 19th century art(Fragonard and Bouche) and from Loire Valley castles. Animators also drew from Cocteau's 1946 live-action version. The look of this film, the attention to detail, is a real winner and it's a pity that Disney does not return to pure animation. For me, this is the zenith of Disney animation and a representation of classic Disney at its best in the 1990's. This is a wonderful film for both young and old and looks as great as it ever did, thanks to restorations as seen on the new DVD version, where you can enjoy seeing how the film was made and scenes that were never part of the original theatrical release. Enjoy this romantic classic today with a date or with the whole family.
good Frances McDormand is, without question, one of the very best actresses of hers or any generation. Wow! And like most of the greatest she goes for characters who don't ask for sympathy. The truth is in her eyes, always. So, naturally, I followed her every inch of the way. She is surrounded by a fantastic group of actors. Woody Harrelson is just extraordinary but perhaps the biggest surprise is Sam Rockwell making his one eighty not just believable but very moving. Martin McDonagh's writing is the magic potion that keeps everything together and when I say everything I mean everything. Humor and horror as if it were practically the same thing. The dialogue is brilliant and Frances McDorman deserves the last paragraph. Her face is a wonder. Superb performance. Don't miss it.
good I'd like to keep my review rather to the point.Pros: 1. its theme - dream is a fascinating topic to say the least. There are a lot of unknowns in dreamworld. 2. its plot - there are several sweet twists and unpredictable turns. 3. its edgy drive - although you know what's coming next, still you feel jumpy about it when it does.4. its rapid storyline - the story moves fast from one scene to another, making the viewers feel like on a roller coaster ride. At times, it's hard to keep up, even after watching it several times. 5. its sophistication - there is a lot of information to remember and digest. This is the very thing the modern moviegoers are after, I believe. 6. its realism - okay, pun intended. The movie explains (or at least tries to) the ins and outs of what dream is about and how it functions, some of which are very familiar with and dear to us.Cons: 1. its poor character development - although the acting was convincing enough there was not enough of character development. I wonder how many people really felt connected to the main character(s) after watching the movie. Yes, the movie talks about emotional struggles but it was more of an action film than anything else, if you ask me. 2. too many distractions - I found that the movie had more characters than necessary. They may play certain roles in the plot but they seemed more of distractions than anything else. I wish the movie was more focused. 3. a bit preachy - I noticed that the characters would explain things about dreamworld and then the exact things happen later in the movie. I'm afraid, Inception overused this trick. In conclusion, its theme is fascinating but its delivery is not without room for improvement. I highly recommend you to go and read Somewhere carnal over 40 winks, if you dig this kind of flicks. Cheers!
good I have not read the book, so I'm unable to make comparisons. Seeing as Agatha Christie thought this to be her best book, I'm guessing the novel was 10x better than the movie.I felt the film itself moved quite slowly, despite being nearly 2 hours long. I felt myself at points losing interest. I'm thinking we needed a Marple or Poirot in this to spice it up a bit! I'm absolutely obsessed with the Poirot series; I find it thrilling, jam packed with twists, and so when I come across any Agatha Christie adaptation, I'm expecting them to live up to these high standards, but this fell short. I don't believe there was enough time with the suspects for the audience to build cases against them. However I must say that the big reveal of the actual killer left me speechless, it made up for the rest of the movie being quite boring, otherwise my score would be a lot lower. I'd say instead of big named productions, stick to the BBC/ITV adaptations of Agatha Christie's work....so much better.By the way Glenn Close was fab.
good  This smart little thrill ride may not make you afraid to get back in the water like the one-and-only Jaws...because it does something on a much more conscious level than Spielberg's very fictional tale, and for that, I applaud the director and writer for coming up with a story that is more about self-empowerment than it is about painting sharks as man-eating monsters -- they're not, and that's why this movie is a shark movie done right. While menacing, /this/ fish in our story is /not/ a spawn of the devil bent on upping the beach-goer body count for sport. It's about two instinctive creatures, the girl and the shark (whom both have good reason to be on the beach) crossing paths, hence the struggle to survive. You'll get your fair share of thrills and shocks, yes, /and/ heart, which this movie has just enough of; centered on a young woman you can really get behind and cheer on. 'The Shallows' has subtle-yet-palpable themes and an even tone, and is surprisingly emotional without being cheesy. And also, the cinematography is just gorgeous. Cudos to the entire cast and crew for getting this one right!
good I've been waiting all 2017 for this movie with a picture of Paul Rudd with mustache expecting for a great movie, and I'm completely disappointed, everything in this movie is bad, the story, the script, the characters, the ambient, and the movie is extremely slow and tedious.The history is weak and repeated, the woman dramatically says "You don't know who I am" and we have our movie, I'm tired of this poor resource about the mystery of the poor girl.The script is weak, the characters are poorly written with silly and exaggerated dialogues, many useless scenes lengthen the film that supposed to have 1 hour and 10 minutes, the fact that the character is mute don't complement anything in the history of the film, and his motivations are too exaggerated for such events.The Acting was supposed to save the movie but the characters are so poorly written that it even harms the acting, they sell the movie as the face of Paul Rudd but it's Alexander Skarsgård who is the protagonist here, and he don't do anything new, I've seen this character so many times and he is that hero character who will do everything to rescue the maiden, used in the most linear way possible.Paul Rudd and Justin Theroux (Leftovers) are great actors, but their characters who are the best in the movie are still very poor, especially the character of Justin Theroux who starts well and gets worse every second without stopping.And neither does the look of the movie save, enough of this Blade Runner copying, they don't know how to do different as if the city was forced to be wet every day, there is no future other than the wet one, and guess what, just not even rained in that place. The big city is always night there is no morning in that place, and when they leave the city it's that as if the future had only arrived in one place in particular and in the rest of the world is banned to ride a flying car.
good  This has to be one of the best films I've seen with my family.The characters came to life and was instantly hooked.I've young children and they hardly flinched throughout. The draw to the screen was virtually magnetic.A definite must see for all the family, and the 3d version bought it to life, totally!!The story was well written, even though I must admit the start was a bit slow, but all in all well done dream-works. You've another winner on your hands here.p.s. can't stop talking about it, and its been a week since I've seen it- I can see Oscars in the not too distant future.
good  I used to leave a theatre after seeing a highly anticipated movie, specifically a sequel, and be so revved up about what I saw that I would declare that movie to be the best of a series. After each of the prequel "Star Wars" films, I rated that one the best, as good as any of the originals...for a time, until my opinion balanced out and I had a more well-rounded take. For that reason, I steer away from that mindset, and did for "Dark Knight".Though my opinion is solidifying already after having seen a Warner Bros. screening last night, "Dark Knight" ably stands on its own with or without "Batman Begins". At a two and a half hour runtime, it's definitely an epic of a movie, but one that never runs out of gas. A delightful addition to this experience was a healthy amount of IMAX footage, which significantly adds to the feel of being on a personal, and gruesome, tour of Gotham City.Christian Bale plays such a well rounded Batman and Bruce Wayne, qualities that none of those who have donned the cowl before him have pulled off. I still have to remember that Bale is British since he speaks with such a spot on American accent. Bale has a particular slurring lisp that serves him quite well, charmingly for Bruce Wayne and threateningly for Batman.Countering him is the late Heath Ledger, who plays such a scary and creepy Joker that I found it impossible to NOT have chills half the time I saw him on screen. What really separates this brand of Joker from Jack Nicholson's portrayal is true unpredictability. It's obvious that, to be a good guy and think like the Joker, it really takes a toll, and it sure isn't easy. How exactly does one take him down when he's woven his harebrained plot around multiple hostages, explosives, or disappearing parlor tricks?Initially, I was uneasy about how the character of Harvey Dent would be handled. In my mind, there was really only one faithful portrayal of him, and that could be found in the "Batman" animated series of the early 90s. As well as Tommy Lee Jones COULD have handled him in "Batman Forever", he certainly did not, though it still was a highlight of that movie. Aaron Eckhart ably assumes the mantle here, delivering a performance out of this world, easily on par with the Batman animated series.Be it known, this caped avenger stands for the good of Gotham City that the police force and its counterparts can't represent, the good that has no jurisdiction, no procedures...and no rules, save for one. I can only hope that we've seen just the prelude to the Dark Knight's upcoming legendary battles with the worst of Gotham City's dark underside."The Dark Knight" gets a solid 10 of 10 stars.
good  "Raging Bull" is a cinematic masterpiece which pulls no punches.  Based on a true story, Robert De Niro (in his second Oscar-winning role) stars as Jake La Motta, a middle-weight prize-fighter from the late-1940s and early-1950s, who basically destroys himself and those around him because of an uncontrollable temper and poor decision-making.  Instead of going down as one of the greatest boxers of all time, La Motta ruined his career because he was unable to see the "big picture".  He threw bouts, he got involved with low-life underworld crime figures, he beat his wife (Cathy Moriarty, in her Oscar-nominated role), he abused all those closest to him, and he had relationships with young girls who were still considered minors.  Even his strongest tie, his younger brother (Joe Pesci, in an Oscar-nominated, star-making part), gets cut during the course of his untimely self-destruction.  La Motta goes from middle-weight champ to a washed-out stand-up comic at a local club.  He gains weight uncontrollably and ultimately just becomes another face in the crowd by the end of the film. By the end, La Motta proclaims that he: "Could have been a contender....", quoting Marlon Brando's famous line from "On the Waterfront".  "Raging Bull" is one of those films that is masterfully crafted in all possible departments.  The screenplay is one of the best in the history of film. Martin Scorsese's direction is superb and so is the cinematography (shot almost entirely in black-and-white).  The film delivered De Niro an Oscar and also won for its editing.  "Raging Bull" is one of those films that is very close to "Citizen Kane".  They both deal with men who desperately want to be great, but ultimately destroy themselves and those around them.  This film is often rated the best film of the 1980s.  I cannot argue with that opinion.  I also think that this is the best work that Scorsese and De Niro have ever done.  The fact that this film lost the Best Picture Oscar to "Ordinary People" in 1980 is probably the biggest disappointment since "Citizen Kane" lost to "How Green Was My Valley" in 1941.  Excellent.  5 stars out of 5.
good I went in not expecting much based on the reviews, however, I thought it was pretty good. It kept my interest the entire movie which is more than some of the Marvel movies. It doesn't depend solely on CGI and/or special effect which is also good. No total destruction of cities during some big fight which is totally unbelievable. You cause millions of dollars of damage to the city and nobody has trouble believing that. Really. It has a plot that is believable for this type movie. I personally thought it was as good or perhaps better than Get Out. Doing a brain transplant in the basement of your parents home by yourself? Come on. Better than Winchester. It seemed to make up the script as they went along. Even better than The Witch. How did that movie end?? I like Happy Deathday which was made by the same people.
good Great plot, acting, and visuals. Tactically sound, and except for the infallible marksmanship on the side of the 'good guys', the action sequences were believable. Great camera work, good use of flashbacks, overall just a well designed and executed action movie without a cliche ending. Filmed in South Africa, which was bonus, for scenery and exotic locale. Worth a rent for sure.
good  One thing that you can always guarantee with a Tarantino film is hype. The film will often be a financial success before it's even been made, ending up as the usual bloodbath featuring naughty language. This time out, with 'Django Unchained', Tarantino takes his hand to the Spaghetti Western, using his usual brand of cinematic homage and borrowing.Now, as you may have guessed, I'm not much of a Tarantino fan. There's something about his films, and the man himself, that just irritates me. While his films are generally entertaining gibberish, I've always been left a little annoyed by them. I did enjoy 'Pulp Fiction' and Inglorious Basterds', but on the whole, his films just don't really do it for me.As with 'Inglorious Basterds' before it, 'Django Unchained' was always going to come amid a wave a controversy. This time Jewish revenge against the Nazis is replaced African-American revenge against their white slave owners. With the main talking point about the film creating enough 'controversial' publicity, let's get on to talk about the film itself.Plot-wise, 'Django Unchained' is quite simplistic: a freed slave sets about on a journey for revenge and to find his wife. Freed by and partnering a German bounty hunter, he travels across America, often finding himself unwelcome due to the colour of his skin and/or his freeman status. Close to their goal, the pair's plotting and deceiving is soon unearthed and an inevitable bloodbath ensues.At close to three hours in length, watching this is like overtaking a National Express coach (not my words). Large amounts of the film are filled with long stretches of dialogue and storytelling, particularly by Christopher Waltz and Leonardo DiCaprio. While both are good in their respective roles, they do feel designed to dominate scenes, with a 'remember how much you liked Waltz's monologues in 'Inglorious Basterds'?' feel to them. There are also drawn out moments to facilitate a piece of music that have little purpose beyond aesthetics.There's a bit too much self-indulgence on display here. The overuse of special effects in shootouts goes a bit too far, being neither frightening nor comic. The script – that a decade younger Spike Lee would have had a lot to say about – is full of parables and monologues, many of which are unnecessary.This is all at the cost of creativity. While much of what has appeared in his previous films are ideas taken from other, lesser known works, there is still a sense that he is trying to add something to them and make them his own. But with 'Django Unchained' it seems that a long- winded script, overly-comical gunplay and a controversial subject matter are the draws, with none really enough to make me want to sit for 165 minutes, especially when it started with Villa 2-1 up against QPR and I had to wait a good three hours to learn of the final score.politic1983.blogspot.com
good Really enjoying the series, It is much much better than Midnight Texas and Van Helsing cr*p. Direction, presentation and story are very compelling.Every episode is better and better than the previous one and characters are experienced actors
good  Tommy loves Lisa, his future wife. But Mark, Johnny's best friend, is sleeping with Lisa. And Lisa's mother has breast cancer. And Denny, Johnny's adopted son, has a drug problem, or at least a money problem. What does all this have to do with each other? Not much.Could "The Room" be the greatest film ever made? Writer, director, producer and star Tommy Wiseau thinks so. The rumor is he submitted the film to the Academy for consideration as best picture. Sadly, he was turned away. "The Room" may not be the best picture of the year, but is probably the single greatest film of all time, at least from a purely entertaining point of view.Yes, the love scenes are recycled. Yes, some of the dialog makes no sense. Yes, there are countless subplots that go nowhere. Yes, one of the main characters disappears halfway through and is replaced by another guy. Yes, the music is bad. Yes, yes, yes. But somehow, the more things that seem to be wrong with this film -- a film that Wiseau assures us was "meticulously" made -- the better it gets.I was laughing so hard, I was in pain within fifteen minutes and cried. All of the "Oh, hi Mark" lines, and the epic "you're tearing me apart" were too much for me. I ended up spewing my guts, and several bottles of Coors Light, all over the place. The intensity of the awesome in the picture just blew me away.I have a new favorite film, and that film's name is "The Room". What other film could make me want to play football in a tuxedo or sing the "Full House" theme song? Only one film has that power... for the full effect, you really need to see a midnight screening of this film with the audience participation. Or at the very least, download the RiffTrax and laugh all over again... this film could be watched fifty times and still not begin to get old.
good I was inspired to think of other films with completely mystifying titles. `The Phantom Menace', obviously.  Also: `The Shop Around the Corner' (around the corner from WHERE?), `The Empire Strikes Back' (it doesn't), `The Living Daylights', `True Lies', `Batman Forever', `Species', `The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp' ... if anyone has any more suggestions, please send them to me.In this case, it happens over several nights, and I'm not sure which particular night is being referred to.  Probably one of the candidate nights is less unobvious than the rest; so I guess the title isn't COMPLETELY mystifying.  But actually, Capra gives us the feeling that everything is up in the air.  Everyone knows that the hero and heroine of romantic comedies are bound to get hitched in the end - in most cases it's simply a question of staying awake.  But Capra makes us feel the contingency of it all.  I, for one, was convinced that right up until the final moment, it could have gone either way.  How did Capra manage this?  Was it because he was a complete innocent; or was it because he was remarkably sophisticated?  I don't suppose it matters: it's results that count.I'm glad to see very little mention among the comments about the sexism of it all.  The characters have life; their words have life; and if such art as this could only be produced by a sexist society, it's almost worth creating a sexist society (and then dismantling it), in order to get the art.  In modern romances I get the feeling that the writers are wearily writing `feisty' lines for the heroine in an attempt to fool feminists, who, by and large, aren't so easily fooled.  Claudette Colbert isn't feisty.  When she DOES assert her independence, she means it.(And, of course, when Clark Gable asserts his dominance, HE means it.  You don't get sincerity like this these days.)Anyway, the ideology of a film, if there is one, is always beside the point, except inasmuch as the ideology is AESTHETICALLY attractive or unattractive. This is an attractive film.  Two real individuals, a real story, some misunderstanding but no tiresome or pointless misunderstanding, constant wit - and, as I expressed amazement at earlier, constant suspense.  And if THAT isn't enough to get you to watch it, note that it was released in 1934.  The Hayes code didn't come into effect until 1935.  Not a moment too late.
good  This seems to be Miyazake's most personal work, clearly a serious design. It is set in an imaginary time which blends the time of the ancient gods (Shinto style, gods of place and nature) with the settlement of humans and the coming of metalworking and war.  The world is not in balance, and a distant conflict between industry and nature has wounded one of the gods of the forest, which is then killed by a sentry boy as it rampages into farmland he guards.  The evil controlling it transfers to him, beginning a slow takeover, and he must journey to the origin of the conflict to find a way to cure himself and incidentally, as he will learn, to try to restore balance.  But this is not a simplistic tale, he finds there are other characters in play, and there is good and evil in everyone, and no easy balance.  The Princess (Hime) of the story is a mysterious human who has been raised by wolves (which are themselves powerful forest gods, a little reminiscent of the Amerindian Coyote myth), who becomes both his ally and his enemy.  The story is not easy to understand.  It has many Japanese mythic elements but even then, it is a work of Miyazake's unique imagination, and is not intended to be simple or to have a clean resolution.The animation is spectacular, and unusual, with new elements even for Miyazake and marks a new departure for style which you can see continued in his next film, Sen to Chihiro - more nature, more wild, more jamming on elements from Japanese myth and folklore.  And, continuing the trend to be more personal, concerned with ethics and character, and less sci-fi. There are at least half a dozen well developed characters threaded through the story, and their animation is wonderful in displaying subtle character.The original Japanese soundtrack has some amazing singing and draws upon some of the best talent available for voices - in Japan, Miyazake is universally known and this was a masterpiece carefully crafted.  Japanese television documented a lot of the production.  The English translation drew on some good talent but they seem not to have "gotten it" quite so intensely as the Japanese crew.If you haven't seen Miyazake, give it a try (but maybe look at Sen to Chihiro first, or even Laputa or Kiki's Delivery Service, for easier and lighter introduction to his work).  Some say he is the Japanese Disney, but I don't like that.  His work has a depth and sophistication that goes beyond Disney cute.  There is no other animation like it.  This is truly an adult work: children might like some of the visuals, but I doubt that many kids below teen age will have any idea what it is all about, and even adults will get more out of this each time you see it again.
good  I took my 5 1/2 year old daughter to watch Trolls, and for her it was a sight for sore eyes. The main character, Poppy (voiced by Anna Kendrick) is a fluffy, instantly lovable princess troll, who has been raised in a careless, yet slightly obnoxious, world - where everyone hugs each other on an hourly basis, poops cupcakes and bursts into sappy pop tunes in the blink of the eye. Her male counterpart, on the other hand, is all doom and gloom. This troll party pooper, named Branch and colored gray to differentiate him from the endlessly colorful group of merry trolls, keeps warning his friends that their loud lifestyle will put their lives in jeopardy, once the evil Bergens, who are only happy when they eat the tiny little Trolls, will take notice of them. Sure enough, this does happen pretty soon into the movie, and when several Trolls are taken - Poppy and Branch (who refuses to sing throughout the film, even though he is ironically voiced by Justin Timberlake) need to join forces in order to save them.All in all, Trolls is a very cute film. It stands out of the pack with its familiar setting (the Troll toys have been very popular ever since the early 90's), its rich palette of colors and imaginative drawings, and the catchy tunes which are cleverly adapted into the film. Also, its short run-time will make sure your kids are glues to the chair. On the flip side, I felt the plot didn't really offer anything new, the proceedings were predictable from miles away, and that it lacked a stronger emotional pull that could have left a longer impression. There was some stuff in the movie that seemed like it was trying a bit too hard to be tongue-in- cheek, without really taking itself seriously, and while it gave way to a few laughs, it left me wanting something more than just another cute animated feature.
good I liked Skyline (2010). It had a lot of action, interesting style (blue/red light, which I interpreted as something the characters don't actually see), and despite not being particularly smart like Arrival (2016) it was engaging until the ending I found very satisfying. I'm honestly surprised about most reviewers who seem to have expected a different genre altogether and were disappointed the characters aren't as deep as they think they are ;)Beyond Skyline is simply more of the same, and I mean it. After it neatly blends with the original, it escalates the action, offers more of the same style (might be a tad too much, though), still not very intelligent yet avoids being unforgivably silly, and even delivers an ending I couldn't be happier about. It tries to avoid the mistakes of the first movie, like characterisation or dialogue, but it's debatable whether it worked. Definitely supplements the original and makes the series better than the sum of its parts.In short, it's a lot like Independence Day (1996), much better than the sequel (2016) and provides a nice alternative to it.
good  In Clouzot, relationships are arenas of conflict: violent, callous, and often destined to sink into a whirlpool of deceit and destructive cruelty Clouzot forms with "The Wages of Fear" two teams of four desperate European expatriates who agree to drive two trucks of nitroglycerine across miles of rocky mountain matched with craters to a site of an oil refinery fire so that the oil company can then blow the pipeline and put out the blaze... The audaciously slow, atmospheric opening establishes both characters and the malignant influence of US oil interests in a dusty South American village, before the odyssey begins The tension never stumbles: friendship falls prey to financial greed, honor to a sweaty fear of sudden death
good Scenario 1: If you are going to see this film because you really enjoy classic Godzilla movies and you hope the music and campy theme of those films are represented in this one, you absolutely should go see it. Godzilla here looks much more like the beloved behemoth than it did in the '98 movie, the music hearkens to the classic Japanese overtures of the old Gojira film era, and the camera work has the comically silly nature of Sam Rami's Spiderman series.Scenario 2: If you are really excited to see a deep, human film with camera angles and writing that really tell a story that is thematically transcendent such as "District 9" and the Korean film "The Host," this is not your film. The script is filled with overtly simplistic rhetoric and one dimensional characters (intentionally,) the scenes somehow manage to have very little tension (even for me, the pilot episodes for most sitcoms seem more tense than Gozilla,) and as stated above, the camera-work is intentionally hammy. It should also be noted that to add a human element, the director overuses children to the point that it ends up feeling very obvious, as though he did it to be intentionally campy.Scenario 3: If you are one of those people who really just want a fun popcorn flick such as Pacific Rim, with some solidly choreographed action like in the over-the-top bulletfest Battle:LA, I would say proceed with caution. The fight scenes are less intense and more majestic, like any classic monster movie, and as such the human aspect of the combat is relatively insignificant, less so than any other monster movie I've ever seen. There are no little monsters for anyone to shoot at, if that's your thing.Scenario 4: If you are interested in this film because you love the talented work of Bryan Cranston, Ken Watanabe, and/or Aaron Taylor- Johnson (three of my favorite actors) and are excited to see what they bring to the table, you should probably sit this one out. Bryan Cranston's role in this film garners far less screen time than advertised, Ken Watanabe spends literally every second walking through the scenes with the pained expression of someone who just walked in on their parents, and all three of the actors give off the vibe that they are very much aware of how cheesy their lines are. Everyone else's performance was similarly forgettable.Honestly, I'm a stickler for deep, human storytelling, but I've also had a softspot for the classic, silly fun of many Godzilla movies, including my favorite, Godzilla vs. Destroyah. All told, depending on which camp you fall under, this will be an entirely different movie for you. As Godzilla movies go, I'd give it a B. As darker, more serious monster movies go, I'd give it a D+.
good  Though now known as "Episode IV-A New Hope," for many of us, namely those of us who first saw this exhilarating entertainment in theaters back in '77, this will always be the first "Star Wars." We will always think of it as just "Star Wars" - plain & simple, no pretensions, no aspirations to deep film-making or high art. This is where we first met them all: Luke, Han Solo, Princess Leia, Obi-Wan Kenobi (old 'Ben'), Chewbacca, the 2 robots C3PO & R2D2 and, of course, Darth Vader. They were instant pop culture icons; you got the sense you'd seen them before somewhere, but were sure this wasn't possible. But they'd been there before in our minds. We'd read about them constantly in science fiction novels and short stories - tales of outer space civilizations, of spaceships zooming through asteroid belts, of exotic-looking aliens hanging around space ports. We'd dream about them at night and try to imagine ourselves in their midst; up until then, we could only imagine such things - there were no projected images to realize such dreams. "Forbidden Planet" from 1956 came close, and then there were the "Star Trek" and "Lost in Space" TV series, both hampered by dime store budgets and cheesy sets. We ate 'em up since there was nothing else. Then Lucas made it real.I remember when I first got wind of the upcoming movie, to open in May of 1977, I think. I saw the first publicized poster and bought the novel adaptation. On the poster, a young man stood with some light sword raised, a princess at his feet, numerous spaceships flying all over the place. I was in my mid-teens and felt the first pulse of building excitement as I realized all those fantastic tales I'd been reading the past few years were going to come alive on the big screen for me. It didn't disappoint. Luke Skywalker, who stood in for all the boys pretending to be on a galactic adventure, gets swept away from his mundane desert home smack dab into the middle of an honest-to-gosh galaxy-wide civil war! The strength of the narrative is / was amazing. There are no slow spots and you can't wait for the next scene during the entire experience; and, experience is the better description for it, rather than just 'movie.' You can't wait, for example, for the moment when Luke actually meets the princess; what will happen then? It's a textbook case of an exciting narrative and what I believe makes this superior to all the sequels (knowing that many feel "The Empire Strikes Back" is superior - I must disagree).The one character you really can't wait to see again is the ominous Vader, naturally. The instant he steps into view during the first few minutes of the story, you just know this is the ultimate villain. This is the baddest of the bad, the coolest of the cool, the supreme uber-evildoer of the entire galaxy. You just know it by his stance, by his attitude, and by the electric chill that runs through your frail form as he steps down the corridor, moving into the annals of film history with one fell swoop. You can't wait to see what he does next, what nefarious action will send someone or some planet to its doom. Sure, he seems under the control of Tarkin (Cushing) here and later, the Emperor, but you just know he's simply biding his time until he takes over the whole damn universe. There is no precedent for Vader, and nothing close to him after. He's at his best here where there's still much mystery attached to his dark frightful form, a minion of Satan and Nazi stormtroopers all rolled into one.This was also the movie-experience which catapulted Harrison Ford (Solo) into superstardom. He seems almost childish here, not really straining to create a character, and it's this flip charm that makes it work, against all odds. He really does appear to have stepped out of the pages of some juvenile space opera, laser guns blazing, all snide remarks and foolhardy bravado. But he also becomes the older brother figure to Luke, who cannot carry the story by himself. Hamill, whose movie career began & ended with Luke, epitomizes the center of destiny for a galaxy. Both humble and arrogant, he's perfect in the role. Fisher's main surprise is that she's not all sugar and sweet as one would expect of a princess. These three characters evolved in the next two films, but they were always at their best here, icons given life for a short period - but also forever in film. The same could be said for Alec Guinness as Kenobi, a first class act all the way. You almost believe this elderly warrior could topple an empire, given enough time. Unless he runs into Vader...
good His review nails it, wanted to emphasize its a six movie with the writing and Ross lynch putting it into a 7, a must watch for me. Youll be hard pressed to feel more like your in high school from any other film. It has real eloquence and applause for painting the characters fast. I really appreciated being Able to spend most of the runtime in the Dhamer high school awkward fest.
good I think people going to see this movie are expecting wayyyy to much from a slasher movie. I'm rating it based on what I expected, and I was certainly impressed. This movie wasn't trying to be anything more than another murder movie, but what made me want to see it was the idea of taking Groundhog Day (which it fully admitted to ripping the idea from) and turning it into a slasher film. I was actually surprised it held back on gore and blood. I was fully expecting it to be all the tropes of gross-out killings, but it was instead focused more on character development and the story. I admit the characters are a bit one-dimensional, but again, it's a slasher movie. It's trying to win any academy awards here. In many ways I think it's parodying those one-dimensional characters of college trope characters and the "last girl" in horror movies because it goes all-in on establishing the main characters as somebody you're meant to hate at first. The ending genuinely took me in a direction I didn't anticipate, and then it took me back to what I was expecting, but did it in a way that I felt fresh. All in all, I had fun watching this movie, which I think what this movie was meant to be: Fun.
good  I watched this movie and i think this is one of the greatest movies for all the times. The story,the playing of the actors,the cinematography,the music-all was perfect(except the killing of the one of the main positive heroes). In the movie Izabella said to Megatron (they were on Earth):"Go to the hell!" and Megatron answered:"This planet is the hell." When i read some of the comments about this movie,that were full of hate and anger,i began to think that Megatron was right(but there were also positive comments and i am happy for that). I want to thank to the director,the actors,the writers,the cinematographer,the composer and all the crew for the wonderful,splendid experience and i wish them to make in the future many movies of such quality.
good  I am Deaf. I realllllly enjoy it!! So it good for people who know sign Langurge and deaf. For deaf people have to watch that movie!!! So action and drama!!!
good  Happy go lucky view of dying with cancer only to find out is was "suddenly cured". Whoever thought this was a good idea is seriously messed up. I really do not know why TV companies treat the viewing audience with such contempt. Not everyone watching is a complete moron to find this topic "funny" in anyway.Waste of time.
good  The life of the legendary man from India (dominant Oscar-winner Ben Kingsley, who was a total unknown theatrical newcomer at the time) who gave up work as an attorney to defy British rule throughout the first half of the 20th Century before falling to an assassin's bullet in 1948. Long, opulent, breath-taking and completely memorable take on one of the most important historical figures the world has ever known. Oscar-winning director Richard Attenborough obviously studied David Lean's epic film-making masterpieces from the 1950s and 1960s as we have similarities galore with "The Bridge on the River Kwai" and much more importantly "Lawrence of Arabia". An all-star cast of very old-time Hollywood legends (John Gielgud, Trevor Howard, John Mills) and relative newcomers who were on the rise (Candice Bergen, Martin Sheen, Edward Fox, Nigel Hawthorne and a super quick glance of a very young Daniel Day-Lewis) blend in a desert landscape of cinematic brilliance. Make no mistake of it though, "Gandhi" works because of Kingsley as he weaves a colorful tapestry of cinematic performing ungodliness with a totally convincing take on his role and the complex subject matter. Running nearly 190 minutes, "Gandhi" still just uses flash-points to under-score the importance and significance of the major topics within. Those familiar with advanced world history will likely get more out of the film, but still a movie whose glitter continues to shine as bright as ever. 5 stars out of 5.
good  Though the film is about children,it shouldn't be confused as a film for children.The film excelled with fine performances from Darsheel Safary and Aamir Khan.The first part of the film dealt mainly with the problems faced by the protagonist Ishaan.He is a bundle of creativity,but is not able to fare well academically being dyslexic.His father,tired of the numerous complaints from teachers and other parents sends him to the boarding school to get disciplined.There he gets even more lonely and dejected,being away from his family.Aamir Khan steps in as the new art teacher,Ram Shankar Nikhumb.He encourages the children to think differently and act on their true potential.He soon realizes the reason why Ishaan is so unhappy.The rest of the film is about Ishaan realizing his true potential.The film is a must see for this Christmas!!So what are u waiting for...
good I can't say that I liked the movie, but I also can't say that I did not like it. Why ? Because there is a reason to like it and not to like it. I like it for the ambition put in this project, the hard work, the visuals, the actors and everything. There were parts from the alien scenery I really did like. Put I do not like the pile of plot holes that are everywhere in this movie and unlogical things that happen so often, it makes the movie even funny at some point. I gave it a 6 just because of the hard work, otherwise, 5/10
good To whomever it is that wrote the comment that this is an excellent film portraying an alternative form of adoption, you've totally missed the boat. This film is about class warfare and sexual slavery. It is about the degradation of humanity and the rich over the hungry and weak. If this is one of your favorite films, you like it for all the wrong reasons.
good  I'd heard a couple of startling things about this film before seeing it. I'd heard that many veterans were having a hard time getting through the film without breaking down. I'd also seen interviews with veterans who'd seen the film and found the film to be incredibly realistic and consequently difficult to watch. Intriguing comments, since we all know there is no shortage of films about war from this century.There are not many films that I've seen that have actually made me physically react to the action on screen. I'm not speaking of the three-dimensional variety either. What I mean to say is this film had me contorting and cringing at the gripping, horrifying action on screen. Somehow the extreme violence can be justified as the whole world knows that this is an important chapter in human history and a startling, graphic depiction only adds more weight to the seriousness of the subject matter. I'd have to say this is probably one of the most important films of the 20th century because of its frank approach to one of the darkest periods of our time on this earth. I am always deeply moved and fiercely proud when given cause to consider those that gave their lives to protect our way of life and liberate those that already suffered dislocation, imprisonment and attempted genocide. These soldiers were truly noble and deserve our deepest gratitude. This sentiment is a common one, and will go some lengths to explain why this film has meant so much to so many.Even with the attention to detail and care taken into how it was shot to accentuate to the fullest degree its realistic approach, it is still hard to imagine what it must have been like to be part of a war. But this film goes a long way to help your mind get around it. It's hard for me to say what kind of impact the cinematography would have on someone watching it on the small screen of a television versus the big screen, but from my perspective, this film really does benefit from a theatrical presentation.What "Saving Private Ryan" does extremely well, is show the world the harsh reality of war without pulling any punches. The story about a squad of soldiers sent to retrieve the surviving brother of three dead soldiers is told with competency and due reverence from all perspectives of the characters involved. It is an uncommon and intriguing drama, but it serves as an excuse to describe a setting, rather than the other way around. The story manages to move us through all sorts of different landscapes and scenarios, giving us an unforgettable glimpse of a world unknown to most of us, and terrifying to those who are familiar with it from personal experience.
good  The official trailer itself is a little bit of a spoiler. I didn't even have an IMDb account and made one just to rate this movie. One of the best iv ever seen. First movie iv ever cried during, and i cried twice lol. Whether your a guy who likes fighting movies or a girl who doesn't know what MMA stands for, this movie will blow you away. Seriously, I don't know how anyone could watch this and think it wasn't at the very least, a Very Good movie. It kept me on the edge of my seat, and its also more realistic the most fighting movies. Watching rocky and most box office fighting films, there tends to be over-dramatized punching noises and the boxers seem to fight without attempting to guard themselves. Aside from the realistic fight however, is a very emotional drama which is sure to move anyone who pays attention to the film.
good  Okay, this is almost a pornographic film, but not quite - just very sexually graphic. If you have an active sex life, you can deal with this movie easily. That being said, it is one of the more interesting films you could possibly view, all things considered. The film tells the story of Gaius Caligula, the Roman emperor who ruled from 37-41 A.D. and was well-known for his vacant soul. His neglect of matters of state and his indulgence in pleasure and torture drive the plot towards its climactic ending. Technically, the film is interesting - some imagery will stay in your mind, such as the circular guillotine. The sets are lavish, and overall, the film is a firm cinematic achievement, technically speaking. The acting is mostly stellar - McDowell is able to step into the psychotic Caligula, both alternately as a charming head-of-state and a deranged pervert, sometimes in the same scene. O'Toole and Gielgud are only in the film's first 45 minutes, as Tiberius and Nerva, respectively. O'Toole is particularly captivating as the dying emperor, fraught with syphilis (according to historical records) and paranoia. Gielgud's performance is lukewarm - maybe he'd already seen the rest of the movie before filming his scenes? Helen Mirren is captivating as well as Caesonia, the lascivious wife of Caligula. I've seen her in many films, but this and Excalibur are the two I remember most, to be sure. Finally, Theresa Ann Savoy is very strong as Drusula, the incestuous sister of Caligula - she plays the role with a certain soft firmness of character, likable and rational, at least when compared to McDowell's Caligula. The film is full of nudity, sex and graphic images. Some add to the content, some detract - that can be said of any film's imagery. A viewer should not let the mere content dictate the effect. What these images do is lend validity to the story being told, a story of an emperor not fit to be so, an emperor more obsessed with his own benefits rather than the good of the people and the Empire, an emperor so morally depraved - well, this may have been the only way to truly tell the story of Caligula. And it's worth watching, at least once. The first time I tried to watch it, I was 19, and not ready to deal with the content. It is a film for mature audiences only, no doubt. It's up to you to assess your own maturity level, though - not me.
good "The Legend of Tarzan" is joyous.Since childhood, this is the Tarzan I've wanted to see on screen, faithful in spirit to the Burroughs novels. The jungle is raw. The dangers are "real." The villains are badder than bad. The historical period may not fully satisfy the Tarzan chronologists, but it's close enough and serves the exciting story it wants to tell. The gorillas are gorillas-plus (mangani). We even get a glimpse of the gates of Opar.But most important, the portrayals of Tarzan and Jane are spot-on. You believe this couple from start to finish.Is the movie perfect? Probably not, but it comes so damn close that I don't care.
good When the first trailer of the third installment of the popular franchise surfaced on YouTube, I was quite amused but skeptical at the same time. I loved the previous two movies, but the 2015 Minions movie fell very short of my expectations where the jokes seemed overdone and I kept glancing at the time hoping it would end. I went to the cinema not knowing what to expect, because despite my doubts, at least rotten tomatoes had given it a good rating. From the first scene itself to the last, this movie had me laughing throughout. The jokes were slapstick most of the time, there was no real depth to it, but was there ever? Nevertheless it was good. I instantly loved the villain, the man wearing shoulder pants! While not as entertaining as vector from the first movie, this 80's villain Balthazar Bratth held up as a worthy successor. The minion bits were good, as long as it's not a continuous two hours of the yellow bastards running around and making trouble, they are a treat to watch. The next highlight of the movie was Dru, Gru's twin brother. And not bad at all, Steve Carell manages to do a higher pitch version of the same voice and accent he used with Gru and he nails it. The character blend effortlessly into movie.The third movie follows the same formula as the first two, the super villain causes big trouble kidnapping someone close to Gru while making things go boom boom! While Gru and the family come to the rescue. However unlike most movie trilogies, where the jokes get old and we feel they should just stop *cough cough transformer cough cough* Despicable me 3 manages to keep her charm and deliver a very entertaining movie. I went with my family and everyone enjoyed!
good  This is a really fun and positive movie! Gods Of Egypt has very hot guys and gals so no matter what your sexual preference is there's somebody who will get you excited. The acting is excellent. There is real chemistry between the actors. I identified with many of the story's characters. That made me feel good. You don't need to know anything about the Egyptian Gods to understand what is going on. The story is well balanced, it has a solid beginning, middle and end. The Gods of Egypt keeps your interest from beginning to end. There's a lot of variety. So much is going on and that's one of the reasons I love adventure movies. The cinematography and the CGI are fantastic. You really enter another world without hesitation. This Is Pagan Friendly Film About the Egyptian Gods! There's no camp here. The Egyptian Gods are respected and feel quite real. This is a story about love, hormones, real courage and dare I SAY SELF-SACRIFICE! Yes! There is a really positive spiritual message in the Gods of Egypt.Wow!
good I was worried it would fall into the pitfalls of comedy sequels like Anchorman 2, American Reunion, and Zoolander 2, films that just were not nearly as funny as their genius predecessors. But thankfully this film did not disappoint me as many comedy reboots/sequels do, I found myself laughing hard at many of the silly and outlandish situations and jokes. I laughed much harder than the aforementioned sequels. And the film, like the first, does not take itself seriously, it knows the first is a cult classic and they don't try to out shine it, they just are as they are. One should not come to such a film thinking they will experience emotional, introspective, and thought provoking cinema, this is a silly old fun time that had me laughing several times, a long with everyone else in the theater,And as far as it goes as a sequel to such a cult classic, they honestly could have done infinitely worse knowing how some reboots/sequels have turned out. Like I said before it doesn't try to outshine the first, but rather play on the things that made the first one so great. Its stupid, but fun. And without giving too much away, there are more than one joke relating to the original that fans such as myself will enjoy seeing. So no, it had no beautiful cinematography, had no introspective character development, and had no greater message, but honestly, who gives a s***, it a fun and stupid movie that I enjoyed because I knew this film was intended to not be taken seriously, its a comedy for crying out loud. People will review saying its lame, but don't listen, hey are flat out wrong.
good "The Book of Henry" is definitely not for people who like taut, coherent, logical plots devoid of standard clichés. As others have noted, it's really all over the place, and its mix of silly comedy and tear-jerker tragedy, realism and fantasy, cuteness and horror, and so forth doesn't exactly pan out in the end. Still, if you enjoy films that are simply different experiences, emotionally stirring even if they require you to heavily suspend disbelief, perhaps lay it aside altogether, this film will probably prove worth seeing, and you may really love it. It certainly keeps your attention with numerous surprises and much suspense. Fine acting by Naomi Watts and just about everyone else, along with some stunning scenery of the upstate NY setting, also help this film. I am glad to have seen "The Book of Henry" and would like to give it a higher rating, but with all its issues, I just can't.
good  As someone who has seen this movie roughly five times and regards it as the greatest masterpiece in the history of cinema, I find it difficult to fathom how anyone can think that Andrei Rublev is "slow" or "boring". It is true that it's slow-paced, and perhaps too demanding in its unconventional structure of narrative, but I would prefer this to anything commercial cinema releases in its quest to appeal to as broad a market a possible. In other words, given the choice between a film that treats its audience with respect and gives you enough credit to assume you are willing to sit through roughly three hours of lengthy dialogue and long takes, not to mention some of the most mesmerisingly beautiful visuals ever seen on screen; and one which treats its audience like a demographic that can be appealed to like consumers, not individuals with their own dreams, fears, hopes and aspirations, I know which type of cinema truly bores me.It is often the case that art serves as a mechanism used to comment on social- or individuals ills; rarely however, if at all, does it reflect on itself and its own function to humanity. This is what makes Andrei Rublev a unique and important film, since it addresses the role of the artist in the world. Any questions regarding historical accuracy (or rather lack thereof) towards Rublev's personal life are slightly pointless, since the character is merely used as a vehicle to drive the thematic elements of the narrative. That's not to say that Rublev here is an empty shell, it's simply that Tarkovsky used him as a means to impose his personal views on the subject. Why create art? Does being an artist mean expressing love for humanity? If so, why should one express love for something which seems to hate itself? These are just a few of the questions which arise from viewing this film (and some of which Rublev seems to ask himself, illustrated by at first a naive belief in the good in all humanity, then disillusion, and eventually a rekindling of faith), but it makes the montage of Rublev's work at the end of the film all the more effective, since it creates an understanding of the pain and anguish that lie behind these images.To regard Andrei Rublev as one movie (assuming that the general definition of a movie is simply a big chunk of storyline) would do some injustice to the brilliantly unorthodox nature of its narrative, in that it's a collection of eight mini-story lines, all of which can be viewed as individual pieces, and three of which could easily pass as masterpieces in their own right. My personal favourite is the third one; Rublev's dialogue with Theophanes The Greek over the self-destructive nature of humanity is, to me at least, one of the most moving moments on film (this is possibly due to Theophanes voicing an opinion I personally arrived at some time before initially watching this film - and one I unfortunately happen to agree with).Like most of Tarkovsky's movies, Andrei Rublev demands repeated viewings so the film can be absorbed and understood in full. But by doing so you'll begin to realise that this is possibly the most rewarding of all cinematic works, and consequently the most wonderful. The best film ever made? I certainly think so.
good This movie has high production standards, by far the best production standards for anything Power Rangers or Super Sentai ever. Secondly, everyone on screen does a great job with their characters. The kids in the movie are fantastic actors who will have many big projects in the future.There are scenes that are intended for teens rather than kids, but if you can get over that and just enjoy the movie, you will be pleased. They are looking for a 15-35 demographic here.The main issue is that there is a lack of memorable scenes and the movie needed more action spots. Maybe even dug a little deeper into the mythology behind the Power Rangers. Explain why they exist and who the dangerous people in this world is.I believe the studio and producers were thinking that this would be an origin story and there would be many movies. But it did not do that well at the box office. New ideas are needed, maybe even doing a little more over the top stuff from the TV series. Something is missing here, which is why it got a 7 out of 10 for me. There's so many places that future movies can get to, but not sure if we will get sequels.
good  I have been waiting months for this film, and I loved it. The film was engaging from beginning to end. I am going to see it again tomorrow and on Tuesday. My adult daughter went with me, and she thought it was really good, and she originally did not want to go. She is going again tomorrow with me. If for no other reason, go for the music, the child Billy and Alex Roe, who is so attractive.
good  Man, what a film. As a fan of 70's martial arts movies, it was great to see all of the references. I also thought the use of B&W throughout was extremely effective. The cartoon sequences seemed a bit much, but did fit in with the overall feel of the film. I have seen many people posting about the sheer amount of blood and guts, but you have to remember this was Tarantino's homage to Bruce Lee-era action pictures. In those movies, the stories were very similar epics of revenge, and they never had much of a budget for good "gore" effects. It was more or less "throw some fake blood on the guy who just got killed" type of effects, which were duplicated accurately by some of the deaths in this movie. The plot also followed closely the plot of most 70's Kung Fu movies; something despicable happens to the weak hero (whole village razed, family slaughtered, etc..) and the hero goes away for years to learn the secrets of a particular style of Kung Fu. All of these movies contained the "secret move" which the master normally does not teach, except of course, in this rare instance. That move, as depicted in Kill Bill Vol. 2, is always used on the evil leader of the clan whom had brought death and chaos to the hero.Kill Bill was a terrific modern take on those movies which were always set in ancient China. I was very impressed with Uma Thurman's swordplay, at no point did I feel that it looked scripted or fake. Even when fighting against more than 50 Crazy 8's, it replicated admirably the incredibly one-sided fights from some of the best martial arts movies made 30 years ago.All in all, a great and original film! R.
good  I loved this movie. Everything about it. It is one you just want to watch over and over again. Jim Carey, as usually, played an amazing role. He made you think you were him, as the whole movie did. Watch it... its a must.Imagine being captivated all your life in a show, without knowing. Your neighbors, your family, your loved ones... everyone you ever knew were just actors, pretending to be people they are not. Well Truman Burbank not only imagined it, but also lived it. This is a hilarious movie, that will catch you from the first minute you watch it. Just be aware... once you start watching it, it will be difficult to stop. I rate this movie 5/5, with no negative comments.
good I saw this last night at the Auckland Film Festival and have to say it is probably the finest film I've seen this year. It starts incredibly strongly then just keeps cranking up the tension and conflict. The characters are beautifully layered, complex and fascinating and the director manages to maintain empathy for all of them until the final frame, simply not allowing us to 'take sides' - which is what the couple's daughter is being asked to do. I hope this film gets wide distribution (particularly into the U.S.) as its insight into modern Iranian family life (albeit a privileged one) might help to erase the convenient misconception that 'they' are not like 'us'.
good  Touch of Evil has, perhaps, the BEST cinematography and lighting in ANY film ever made.  Not just in the film noir genre, but in all categories.  Orson Welles tended to use wide shots for all of his films, and Touch of Evil's use of wide shots took filmmaking to another level, especially with the amazing opening shot.  The camera techniques and lighting are too spectacular to fathom, it is the grandmaster of all movies.  Brilliant is an understatement.  See this film, if not for the excellent acting and sheer brilliance in terms of the camera (this film had a GREAT D.P.!!), but for entertainment value.  But if you are a film student or just want to see great camera work, Touch of Evil will astonish you.
good  I was lucky to see the first day show of 3 idiots on Thursday in Dubai. Well the title of this post says it all. The movie is an example of classic film making. brilliant and highly entertaining.Watch 3 idiots for a) amir khan's incredible acting b) intelligent and highly energatic screenplay & direction (Rajkumar Hirani has done it yet again!) c) amazing chemistry among actors, d) some of the best comedy scenes coming from Indian cinema in a long time and e) a heart warming story which keeps you spell binded right till the end.I would rate it as among the best from amir khan (which obviously means among the very best from bollywood. I would also give a lot of credit to the director rajkumar hirani, who after this movie (and his previous munna bhai series) should rank as among the top in bollywood too. 9/10.
good  I watched this film late one night (after my parents were in bed), and for a while it was merely uncomfortable to sit through. The actors weren't particularly emotional, the sets weren't hugely exciting, and the storyline consisted of four libertines and their accomplices listening to dirty stories and doing dirty things to their child victims.And yet, halfway through this blasé piece, I began crying. It was, I believe, at a part where the whore was telling one her sick stories while dancing with the libertine, and she begins laughing as if it is the funniest thing in the world. And yet the laugh sounds false--not just false, but hopeless. I cried off and on (though more on than off) the rest of the film, and from now on I cannot think about "Salo" without tearing up; I am trying not to cry even as I write this.What makes "Salo" the most disturbing film I have ever watched, no competition? It is not the acts depicted--the coprophilia, the torture, the murder, the betrayal. It is that supreme and utter hopelessness behind the whore's laugh. It is the insatiable desires of the libertines, constantly fed and yet never quenched. It is the victims who are willing to sell each other out in order to escape just a little bit more torture before their inevitable death.The novel described the four libertines as being people who not only did as much evil as they possibly could, but also as people who went out of their way to avoid doing anything virtuous. Pier Paolo Pasolini has extended this bleak outlook to the entire human race. The entire film is soaked with his utter hatred and disgust for humanity--nobody in this film has a redeeming side, not even the victims. Everyone in this film is going to die--even the libertines, sometime after the film comes to its conclusion, are going to be tried for war crimes as part of the Fascist regime. Pasolini paints a portrait of the human race as a race that is wallowing in the lowest depths of misery as it drags itself towards its own demise.There is no moral to this story. Pasolini figures that the human race will merely ignore the moral if he tries to give one. Neither does he try to spruce up this film with interesting acting or camera-work. The direction is bland and the cinematography is largely static--and therein lies its greatest (or is it its worst?) talent. It is as if Pasolini is looking up at the human race from behind the camera, his face gaunt and hopeless, considering the various ways to spice up the scene before saying: "Why bother? You are worthless; this film will not satisfy your desires, whatever they may be."Which leads me to one last question: how the heck did I give this 10 stars? And how the heck can I possibly recommend it to any of you? It was upsetting, disturbing, and appalling. And yet it has changed my life--for the better? For the worse? Does is crush my hopes for humanity, or does it give me an understanding of its darkest facets and how best to avoid them? Look, people, I don't rightly know! I'm still figuring it out!To most of you: stay the heck away from this film. But to a few of you--a very, very few--those few that want to see this movie for more than its shock value, those few that are willing to explore humanity's darkest recesses, those few that are not mainstream moviegoers and are actually willing to think--I recommend, no I BEG you to watch "Salo, or the 120 Days of Sodom." You will never forget it.
good Contains SpoilersWho would have thought it? During the eighties, when the cinematic Western was at its lowest ebb, I doubt if anyone could have predicted not only that two of the best films of the early nineties would be Westerns but also that both would go on to win 'Best Picture' at the Academy Awards, something that only one film from this genre had done previously. Yet that is exactly what happened. First came Kevin Costner's 'Dances With Wolves', then Clint Eastwood's 'Unforgiven'. In both cases the star also acted as director. In Eastwood's case he was returning to the genre in which he first made his name; this was his first Western since 'Pale Rider' eight years earlier, which in turn was his first since 'The Outlaw Josey Wales' eight years before that.In 'Unforgiven', Eastwood plays a former gunfighter and robber named William Munny. (Pronounced 'Money'; there seems to be a tradition in Westerns of giving characters surnames which suggest they are for hire. There is Charlton Heston's Will Penny, and in 'Hannie Caulder' Robert Culp plays a hired gunman named Price). In his younger days, Munny was a hardened criminal, but he abandoned his life of crime when he married and settled down to life as a farmer. At the beginning of the film he is a widower, trying to raise two young children on his own. He is tempted to return to his former life, however, when he hears of a bounty of a thousand dollars which a group of prostitutes have placed on the heads of two drunken cowboys who badly injured one of their number by cutting her face with a knife. Abandoning his children to fend for themselves, Munny sets off to try and claim the money. He recruits a former associate, Ned Logan, and they are joined in their quest by a young man who calls himself the Schofield Kid and who is eager to make a name for himself as a gunfighter. They are not, however, the only men in search of the reward; an eccentric Englishman named English Bob, who has won himself an undeserved reputation as a Western hero, is also trying to track the cowboys down.The film reminded me of another Western, Michael Winner's 'Lawman' from the early seventies. That film has at its centre a sheriff whose inflexible determination to uphold the letter of the law at all costs leads to tragic consequences. 'Unforgiven' approaches the question of law enforcement from a slightly different angle. A key role is played by Gene Hackman's sheriff, Bill Daggett. Unlike that of Burt Lancaster's character in 'Lawman', Daggett's approach to the law is arbitrary and inconsistent. He can at times uphold the law with savage zeal. He is determined to protect the two cowboys from vigilantism, but in doing so, he transgresses the law himself, dealing out a brutal kicking to English Bob and an even more brutal flogging to Ned which results in the latter's death. Moreover, Daggett has himself created the need for vigilante justice by denying the full protection of the law to the injured prostitute. (The only punishment imposed upon the cowboys is an order to pay compensation to the woman's pimp for the loss of her economic value to him). There is, in fact, no character in the film who is entirely sympathetic. Munny starts the film as a reformed character, but slips back into his old ways when he is tempted by the prospect of money. He becomes, to borrow the title of another Eastwood Western, a man prepared to kill for a fistful of dollars. The lack of an easily identifiable hero is a common feature of modern 'revisionist' Westerns. Unlike some such Westerns, however, (Sam Peckinpah's 'The Wild Bunch' is a good example), 'Unforgiven' does not lack a moral centre. The Schofield Kid and English Bob have both been seduced by the dubious mythology of the West. The Kid, as his nickname suggests, is an inexperienced young man, but would like others to see him as a hardened and ruthless killer because he regards killing as something glamorous. Bob takes the credit for acts of violence which are wrongly attributed to him but which in reality he would be too cowardly to commit. Munny, for all his faults, can see Western mythology for what it is. Even when he is setting out to kill for money, he remains uncomfortably aware that "to kill a man, to take all he has and all he's ever gonna have" is a desperately serious business. In Ovid's phrase quoted in the title, he sees the better path, and approves, but follows the worse.The first half of the film can be slow-moving, but the second half is gripping, as the death of his friend Ned leads Munny to seek a bloody revenge. As with many Westerns, there are some attractive shots of the local scenery (the film is ostensibly set in Wyoming, but was actually shot in Canada), but the overall tone is a dark, claustrophobic one in keeping with the film's theme. Many scenes are set in gloomy interiors, whether bars, brothels or ranch-houses. One of the villains is actually shot dead in an outside lavatory. Of the two great Westerns of the early nineties, I would, marginally, prefer 'Dances with Wolves', which to my mind has a greater epic sweep, but by any other standard 'Unforgiven' is a very fine movie indeed, wonderfully acted, especially by Hackman, Morgan Freeman and Eastwood himself. (Freeman's role is a rare example of a black actor taking a leading role in a Western). It also asks some searching questions about the nature of law and justice, revenge and the roots of violence. It is interesting that Eastwood has not made any films in the Western genre since this one; perhaps he feels that it has set a standard that cannot be surpassed. 9/10
good I just saw The Hunt at the New Zealand International Film Festival and I walked out speechless. The Hunt has such a difficult story to tell but the film makers never go too far with little exposition. The film doesn't take one side over another, making the point that there isn't really any "bad guys" in the film, just people on opposite sides of one coin. The script is shocking, tragic and at times funny. The film is very intimately shot with an almost documentary approach. The film is mostly shot hand-held, giving you the feeling of realism. The camera likes to get in close and hold on the actors eyes and it is the eyes that tell the story. Most of the story is told through what was not being said, but instead with looks and pauses. Mads Mikkelsen is stunning as always as the man accused of sexual abuse. He plays the role with such sensitivity to the character but always keeps you guessing throughout the film. Annika Wedderkopp plays the role of the innocent young girl to perfection, again always keeping you guessing. Their relationship being one of the most interesting I've seen on film this year. If I had one complaint it would be that the main plot ends quite abruptly, not leaving me fully satisfied before it goes into the epilogue. The Hunt is drama at its best with beautiful performances from the entire cast. It is hard to explain how great this film is without giving away spoilers but the film gives no clear answers for such a difficult subject and it makes you ask yourself, what would I do?
good `Austin Powers in Goldmember' provides us with an hour and a half of inspired silliness.  Not all of the film's elements work equally well, of course  a seemingly common occurrence in even the best of comedies  but this third in the series of popular spy spoofs generates more laughs than almost any other movie released in 2002.  Prime credit goes, of course, to Mike Myers, who both co-wrote the screenplay and inhabits no fewer than four of the movie's main characters. By this time, Myers has become so adept at his characterizations that watching him at work and at play here provides one of the prime pleasures of our viewing experience.  Also in attendance are the usual suspects:  Verne Troyer as Mini-Me, Michael York as Basil, Robert Wagner as Number 2, Seth Green as Scottie and Mindy Sterling as Frau Farbissinia.  Folks added to the brew this time around include Fred Savage, Michael Caine and Beyonce Knowles as Foxxy Cleopatra, a bad-ass soul sister brought back from 1975  Afro hairdo and all - to help Austin rescue his kidnapped father and prevent Dr. Evil from yet again trying to destroy the world (this time by using a giant meteorite to melt the polar ice caps and flood the earth).Co-written by Michael McCullers and directed by Jay Roach, the film has the good sense to throw caution to the wind and give Myers free rein to indulge himself in his own brand of inspired lunacy.  The film starts off with a deliriously clever and funny opening credit scene in which many of Hollywood's biggest names make surprise, good-natured cameo appearances. That sense of unbridled fun carries through pretty much the entire film, although there are, as to be expected, ideas, bits and jokes that seem less effective than others.  As with the two previous films, this `Austin Powers' suffers from the unfortunate tendency to both repeat and explain too many of its jokes.  Sometimes you do find yourself wishing that the writers would put a bit more faith in the audience to get the humor the first time around. Still, there seems to be much less of that in this particular episode, and there are plenty of laugh-out-loud moments to more than compensate for the occasional  though not all that frequent  clunker or lull that manages to sneak its way in there from time to time. `Austin Powers in Goldmember' wallows a bit overmuch in the sordid moments, the gross-out gags, the locker room and bathroom humor that have become, alas, the hallmarks of the modern comedy.  In short, this is probably not the film to take the family to see if your family includes impressionable children and/or easily offended adults.  The sexual and scatological meters run into the red zone rather often in this film.  Nevertheless, `Austin Powers in Goldmember' works well if you enjoy a comedy where the actors seem for once to have been actually having a fun time while making it.   Their infectious joy spills off the screen in a way that it doesn't in movies like `Mr. Deeds,' `Men in Black II' or, perish the thought, `The Master of Disguise,' to name just a few of the comedic bombs that have been foisted upon the unsuspecting public this summer.  In contrast to the makers of those films, Mike Myers knows how to deliver the goods and, in the process, give his fans their hard-earned money's worth. Reserve us a seat for the next installment.
good  This is a story for women. If you live or have experienced the desert, you can connect with this story. Written as a romantic adventure, full of life and sadness, this movie tells a story that is subtle, not raw, nor, overly dramatized. It is a modern account with elements that are reminiscent of an older style of cinema. Tactile a full of beauty, Kidman's representation of Bell is simple and her prose lingers in your mind once the film has ended. 'Queen of the Desert' is, simply put, a very enjoyable adventure and, a representation of a strong, intelligent and formidable woman.This film is a poignant picture of a past that is little remembered beyond the borders of the desert region. Perhaps, it paints an image of the past that few choose to recognize or remember but, it is, albeit, an interesting an poignant one.
good  Having not seen the previous two in the trilogy of Bourne movies, I was a little reluctant to watch The Bourne Ultimatum.However it was a very thrilling experience and I didn't have the problem of not understanding what was happening due to not seeing the first two films. Each part of the story was easy to understand and I fell in love with The Bourne Ultimatum before it had reached the interval! I don't think I have ever watched such an exquisitely made, and gripping film, especially an action film. Since I usually shy away from action and thriller type movies, this was such great news to me. Ultimatum is one of the most enthralling films, it grabs your attention from the first second till the last minute before the credits roll.Matt Damon was simply fantastic as his role as Jason Bourne. I've heard a lot about his great performances in the Bourne 1+2, and now, this fabulous actor has one more to add to his list. I look forward to seeing more of his movies in the future.The stunts were handled with style - each one was done brilliantly and I was just shocked by the impressiveness of this movie. Well done.
good It is a shame that not any other of George Lucas's films were as fun and inspiring as his unforgettable epic "Star Wars: A New Hope". It was a film that has since been spoofed and ripped-off in many forms of media. It has five sequels, and has many branch-off television series. And it is undeniably one of the most financially successful and definitely one of the better science-fiction films of this or any other age."Star Wars" has one of the most brilliantly constructed and detailed alternative reality settings ever. Literally everything in it makes the "galaxy" seem like a real place. Not only is there civilizations of humans, but civilizations of other creatures, and there are livestock and other creatures like in our world. Names such as droids, banthas, and wookiees work out. But I do feel that the "sandpeople" could've had a more compelling name. The concept of blasters and lightsabers were pure genius and the effects used on these weapons were state-of-the-art for their time. The props and CGI used for the other creatures, such as Chewbacca, may not be acceptable if "Star Wars" came out today, but were great for back then. Costume design was magnificent, especially the great details put into the villainous character of Darth Vader, who is perhaps the most memorable movie villain ever. Although he wouldn't really make his terror so profound and complete until the first sequel "The Empire Strikes Back." The concept of the Death Star is also a fine one.But while "Star Wars" most certainly looks great in terms of detail and special effects, and even moreso on the entertainment level, there are some details that I have a really hard time accepting. Mostly, it's concerned with the screenplay. George Lucas is truly a great screenwriter when it comes to developing story, but when it comes to dialogue, he's not the best there is. Some of the dialogue in the film, mostly the lines spoken by Princess Leia, make me wince. For example her quote "I should have known it was you holding Vader's lease. I smelled your foul stench when I was brought onboard." What sensible person would even think of saying a line that dumb? I also personally felt that Luke Skywalker asked WAY too many questions and too many times. In the Tatooine part of the movie, he asks "Do you know what he's talking about?" numerous times, more than necessary. And all of the lines featuring the word "sandpeople" just seemed weakening to the script. The "sandpeople" were suppose to sound frightening, but they just sound pathetic.Basically, the one and only thing that I have wrong with "Star Wars" is its dialogue sequences. And that is because George Lucas's weakness at writing is dialogue, which he freely admits to. But that does not make "Star Wars" a bad movie. Perhaps I was disappointed with it, but it's still a great movie to watch.
good I wasn't fortunate enough to watch this movie in 3D, though I wish that I had gotten around to doing it. I bet watching "How to Train Your Dragon" in 3D would be downright awesome. I sure enjoyed the movie tremendously in ordinary version.This animated movie was, simply put, fantastic. Next to the "Final Fantasy" animated movies and the "Resident Evil: Degeneration" animated movie, "How to Train Your Dragon" is without a doubt the best animated movie I have seen in a long, long time.The story told in "How to Train Your Dragon" is very likable and you immediately immerse yourself into the plot, because it is really such a good tale. Lots of adventure and warmth in the story, and it works so well.And the animation itself, wow! Simply fantastic. It looks so very good, lots of amazing details and very colorful. This is the way all animated movies should be, sparkling with colors and life.And the Night Fury dragon had so much character and personality, despite it didn't utter a single comprehensible word throughout the entire movie. I bet you will love him right away, I know I sure did.As for the cast, well voice cast actually, lots of really good names here. I especially enjoyed Gerard Butler in this movie, he has a very good voice that is well suited for voice acting. But also among the impressive cast was America Ferrera, Jonah Hill, Kristen Wiig, and more. Lots of really nice voices to be found here.However, there is one downside to the movie, I am from Denmark, so the vikings are part of my heritage, and people here (and back then) didn't speak English with a Scottish accent. That, and that alone, was the only drawback of the movie. But it is a minor detail, and I looked past that. And as in going with the Scottish accent, why didn't Hiccup speak with that particular accent? And no offense to Jay Baruchel, but there is just something very annoying about his nasal voice. It just doesn't go well with me.But moving on, "How to Train Your Dragon" is definitely a movie that you just have got to watch in any way you can. This movie is amazing, and that is the end of that! Thumb up, way, way up for this masterpiece. It has entertainment value for children and adults alike.
good  I grew up on Python and have followed Terry Gilliam's subsequent directorial career for more years than I care to remember. Half his output leaves me cold, the other half dazzle me beyond belief. 'Brazil' is his movie that I would rate the highest, but I've come to think that I have unfairly underrated 'Twelve Monkeys'. I have always enjoyed it, but I've only come to realize just how good a movie it really is. Sometimes I think it is even better than 'Brazil'. It's a close pick. Unlike 'Brazil' Gilliam didn't come up with the script. He basically was initially involved as a director for hire. Thankfully the script itself (by David and Janet Peoples) is first rate. On top of that Gilliam manages to stamp his own style and approach on to the material without sliding into complete self-indulgence as he sometimes does. The budget of this movie wasn't anywhere near as large as you would imagine from the impressive results on screen. It looks superb. Gilliam coaxes  first rate performances out of Bruce Willis (quite a surprise) and Brad Pitt (not such a surprise, see also 'Johnny Suede' and 'Kalifornia'). Madeline Stowe is also very good, as is Christopher Plummer, and in a small but important role, David Morse. It's difficult to fault this movie. It is a joy to watch, and improves with each viewing. I also highly recommend Chris Marker's 'La Jetee', the short experimental film which inspired 'Twelve Monkeys'. It is also brilliant.
good  It is because of this movie that I began listening to Classical music. Up to the age of 20 I wouldn't listen to anything but rock, rap, hip hop, punk. Then I fell in love with Mozart. And because of this epiphany I went on to listen to other styles of music such as country (Patsy Cline, Loretta Lynn, Hank Williams), Edith Piaf, Al Jolson, and so on. This movie is breathtaking. A knockout and I wish I could see it on the big screen! Tom Hulce was wonderful as Mozart! Elizabeth Berridge who plays his wife Constanza looks eerily like the real Constanza judging from portraits of the great composer's wife. F. Murray Abraham deservedly won the Oscar for his outstanding turn as Mozart's arch enemy-fellow composer Antonio Salieri who was NOT a 'mediocrity'! He was a brilliant composer in his own right. It is just that there are the fair, the good, the great-and then there are the gifted. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was one of the gifted. When it comes to music even the un-trained ear can tell that God kissed the man right on the lips. And there was nothing Salieri could do about it. He could train in music for a million years and he still could not come close to the genius that was Mozart-who's "Eine Kleine Nachtmuzik" is recognizable today even to non-classical music fans.
good "The Kid" was released in 1921, at the pinnacle of the Silent era, when emotions came to screen through looks and body language, when "we didn't need dialog, we had faces". And if there's one film where Charlie Chaplin's face oddly illuminates the screen, it's definitely "The Kid". Sure, many fans would argue that "City Lights" is Chaplin's masterpiece but something is too perfect, too masterfully directed, it was made during the talking era, Chaplin was in his 40's and had more experience, while "The Kid" features a more youthful director, It belongs to a whole other era, and has the historical feel of a Mark Twain or Charles Dickens novel, which is not surprising when you consider that the movie is chronologically closer to these classics  Indeed, in 1921, Chaplin was 32, Hitchcock 22, Brando wasn't even born, discovering "The Kid" is like turning the pages of a dusty yellow-paged historical book, one eye is watching the film, while the other discovers a period. And I don't know if I'm the only one, but there's something in the setting, the location that makes the film look even older. For all I saw, the movie could have been set in the early century, and considering the timing of the film, maybe this feeling has been deliberately accentuated by Chaplin, himself. The film was made in a difficult personal time, when he'd just lost his son after his birth. There was a great wound in Chaplin's heart and a movie evoking childhood was the best way to exorcise his inner demons, and his discovery of a very young gifted child named Jackie Coogan the perfect encouragement.The context of "The Kid" is crucial to analyze and comprehend the personal motives of Chaplin beneath the simple desire to make a movie. Chaplin was a successful comedian at that time, which is even more impressive considering his seven-year experience, a short time but enough to create an icon, the Little Tramp, an immediately recognizable character that put a face in a rather young art named Cinema. Chaplin's story is also the perfect illustration of the American Dream and I'm sure that he felt privileged for having gone from a difficult childhood in a poor London district to Hollywood fame ... and maybe somewhere deeply in his heart, he felt obliged to let this part of himself having an occasion to shine, maybe he knew he was the only one who could direct himself in a more serious tone, and maybe the weight of the past was the little flame that ignited his desire to be a film-maker."The Emigrant" in 1917 was like the first step back into Chaplin's past, inspired by his own experience. The movie doesn't feature many emotional moments probably because the emigration carries a sort of hope for a better future, and leaving the motherland wasn't synonym of sadness, but the emotions were there, beyond the slapstick and the comedy, and waiting for another step back, to finally explode in an emotional firework, which directly transports us to Chaplin's past. He who grew up without a father, and started working at an early age, he who learned entertainment for survival more than for a living, before it cemented his talent, he needed to dedicate a film to what made Chaplin Chaplin. And this is how "The Kid" was made, and for the first time, Chaplin would become more than a simple clown, and get all the respect he needed from his peers, as a gifted film-maker. He could finally make his first masterpiece "The Gold Rush", but "The Kid" was this necessary last breath before taking the big dive.Many aspects of "The Kid" highlight Chaplin's past, and the level of pathos depicted in the introduction will disconcert many fans who expected good laughs : a woman abandons a child, expecting him to be adopted by a rich family, until funny yet hazardous circumstances put the child into the Tramp's arms. But what strikes the most is the level of maturity from Chaplin who, despite the archetypal situations, didn't make the gesture as spontaneous as it could have been, the mother of the illegitimate son is obviously devoured by guilt, as is the father, a nice-looking fellow, and a sign that Chaplin doesn't hold any grief against his father. These things happen, and we shouldn't feel sorry, as it contributed to the creation of one of the greatest early cinematic duos : the Tramp and the Kid.In every aspect, the Kid is Chaplin's alter ego : he's smart, tender, funny, sensitive and more than anything extremely convincing. We've seen so many child performances since 1921 to get a definitive opinion on what a great one is, and Jackie Coogan is one of the best, if not the best, almost stealing the show from the King of Comedy, and that the kid didn't become as much a star as Chaplin, is one of cinema's cruelest ironies. The chemistry between the two characters is genuinely authentic, and it takes its highlight at one irresistible emotional scene. I surrendered to tears when I saw the poor little kid crying, while the movie showed one of the rarest and most intense close-ups on Chaplin's face : his devastated look and his eyes suggesting an icy blueness as to incarnate the cold cruelty of a world that would allow the worst to happen, and whatever inhabits the Tramp's heart is communicated through an emotional score composed by Chaplin himself.Chaplin, like Disney for animation, handled drama with the same strength as for comedy, the necessary tears for a movie mostly made of joy, fun, cheers, and even some dreamy escapism allowing a self-reflexive approach of the magic of childhood. "The Kid" is not perfect, but it's a masterpiece of sincerity, of humanity that only Chaplin could have made and embodied through a magnificent music. If not his best, it's his most defining film 
good This ridiculous film was unmistakingly one of the worst films i've seen in 30 years! Kate Winslett needs to return to acting school, she just isn't very convincing. Here are these two souls who end up in the snowy, blizzard mountains due to a plane crash and never once did i hear either of them say "I'm cold". They prance thru the snow so easily and of course as time goes on they began to give each other goo goo gah gah looks like teenage heart throbs. It appears it's extremely cold yet they can hardly wait to jump in the sack. I could hardly wait for this Clunker to be finished. PLease do not waste your time on this film....it's absolutely horrible!
good From an anime nonetheless.Much has been said about this great animation and most of it is true.It is beautiful, tender, modern (watch the film and you will understand) and makes human love interesting again.With that said, it is too bad that Hollywood has picked this up. Not that I will be watching that remake, but I cringe already at the thought of Hollywood hack and remake specialist giving this an American swirl. All the cliches of bad remaking and safe corporate changes will be applied. Aaaarrrggghh
good Spoilers herein.Yesterday, I saw the first watchable Scorsese film in decades, and the same today with Spielberg. Something weird is in the wind.And yes, I know this isn't a `real' Spielberg movie and that he only stepped in after paging through a half dozen directors, and only to protect his investment as a producer, and only because he has no real project underway. Still, I'm surprised. The compact Spielberg usually demands of the viewer is that in return for allowing him to turn us into children, he will expertly push children's buttons. He has been consistent in this even as he plowed through `serious' matters of war and holocaust. All are steeped in juvenile sentimentality. His recent `AI' and `Minority' were solid attempts to escape himself. After all, he knows he will not be remembered well and wants to be before he dies.So even though this is something he stepped into late, I count it as a solid victory for the pressures from his peers to make a real movie, with an intelligent stance. He does. Its not a great movie, but it has smarts. And it is relatively original.The first thing is how he adopts the notion of making the film itself a character. Lynch did this first (to my knowledge) with `Velvet.' Most recently, Haynes did so with `Far from Heaven,' where the dynamics of the story occur not in reality but in the artificial reality of films of the era. So the limits of `society' were the action of the film as a force within the drama. So too here -- to denote this we have the colors of the stock of the era, we have the very air of the film world invading as smoke. And we have the director asking the actors to discard modern irony and act as if they were Michael Caine in the early seventies. `Pleasantville' was another in this line -- the production designer is from that project.The film is set up as a reverse con. We know in the first couple minutes what he did and how the con ends. The traditional con story is a film within a film, which gives the opportunity to make the inner film the character as already noted. It is a clever idea that only could be conceived by someone intimate with shaping film. It makes the outer film more genuine by making the inner one more counterfeit.Then we have the actors. The con artist is the most sought after role in all filmdom because the actor plays a character who is acting, something that allows them to exploit their own experience (often the only real experience these stunted lives have). Decaprio doesn't quite rise to the challenge. We've had one wondrous performance in `Gilbert Grape,' and another intelligent turn in Luhrmann's `Romeo.' Nothing of note since except occasional competence. He is competent here. Hanks gives us his regular routine: he's sinking fast, turning into another Morgan Freeman.The real acting here is by Walken, who exceeds Spielberg's shaping of the project so much that we suspect no one really noticed it made the others look bad. Amy Adams has a passion that Leo lost long ago.Incidentally, we have another filmworld jab at the French here. They really do have thuggish police who brutalize Americans when possible. Film `police' too. And the Mom in real life was a real tart who played a dumb soldier for US citizenship then sold herself to a higher bidder. But why introduce all this without developing it? The man in charge here has a special ax to grind, I think.Ted's Evaluation -- 3 of 4: Worth watching.
good I wasn't expecting too much so I went to the cinema with an open mind. However, I was only about 3 minutes into this film and I could feel the quality and feel of it was a whole lot better than the last. There should not be any confusion about what this film is. Lots of cheap laughs and a little feel good music. Thats it. But that is all it has ever been. So the measure is how good it makes you feel.The story, whilst very predictable and normal, did flow okay and the pace was good. There didn't feel like there was that much singing in this one but it was enough for me. All the pitches looked great and the visuals were all done well. I've not heard of this director before but I liked her work. The humour and 'action' were all well executed and I had a good few giggles throughout. I was expecting a bigger ending with more of a punch but it never quite came. It was okay but I expected a big hitting finale. Overall I came away a little happier having had the chance to laugh at a few cheap gags. It is what it is and it made me laugh. So I have to be positive about this film. It was a lot better than I expected. I do recommend you go and see it.
good  Amazing movie!Humor actions and a good story! It's been a while i did not watched a movie without to be bored ! Good family time !
good MetropolisMetropolis is one of the most exciting and exceptional works of art that humankind has produced. This epic science fiction film is one of Germany's famous silent movies created by Fritz Lang and liberated in 1927, the period between the two World Wars.This movie represents the expressionist cinema and shows us the repression of human needs by the machine age. Lang's creation of a self-destructive society is a protest against the machine age. Metropolis is one of the most magnificent cities of 2026, is kept 'alive' by the unceasing work of the underground people who live in slavery and is enjoyed by wealthy and educated people. The Austrian director of the movie, Fritz Lang, presents the story of a master, John Federsen, who sees people as machines working constantly to maintain the luxury and technology of his metropolis. On the other side, his son Freder falls in love with one of the underground workers who is a spiritual leader for the slaves. The son recognizes the unsentimental heart of his father and starts a revolution. The city gets flooded and Maria (Freder's love) regains the workers' trust after a robot had stolen her identity, she finds her loved one after saving the city's children, and the workers shake hands with the master.Expressionism tries to simplify the world and to understand it emotionally, in a subjective way. It is very important to understand this definition of this dynamic, violent and distorted movement in order to understand that Lang tried to externalize his own internal vision of the world through simple expressions. The name 'metropolis' comes from the Greeks and means mother-city. It has this significance because a metropolis is the biggest form of a technologically and economically developed city. Nevertheless, referring to the movie name, this film can be considered as the mother city of all cinematic clichés. In this story, there are two main characters, Maria and Freder. These two characters are also the heroes of the story because they are the ones who rescue the population from being drowned in the flood. John Federson is a person full of empowering feelings who only thinks of himself and of his city, forgetting about the ones who work for him. All the fantasies that he has come true through the power of his workers but he never thinks about the danger they are in while working for him. This man wants so much power that he is almost hypnotized by it; he is obsessed and possessed by the power of inventions and creations.On the other hand, Maria is just a symbol of munificence, her soul is pure and she is seen like an angel who brings peace to the world. Maria convoys the people in a church settling area. She is shown as sanctity, a holy person that is surrounded by the light of the candles. She is positioned higher than the workers who carefully listen to her as she speaks about peace, unity and their salvation by a mediator that will soon come. Her eyes inspire confidence and kindness as she kisses Freder in the church scene. In general, all she does is for the good of humanity. One thing that she repeats in the movie is 'Between the head and hands there must be a heart. ' This means that she realizes the bad things that the head (John Frederson) does and the good things that the hands (workers) do. But she knows that these workers should not be treated poorly or like robots and that, she can be the heart, which can persuade the head and the hands to cooperate to come to common interests. Maria, as her name suggests is also a biblical motif. She explains to the workers the story of the Tower of Babel. The workers in the story destroy this tower, which parallels how the movie will end, with the destruction of the machines by the workforce. Maria is still the representation of Jesus mother because she is trying to save the lives of the underground children. She would sacrifice herself and, alike Mother Mary, she has a strong faith in the creator of the world. All the scenes of this film are perfectly created at the eye level so that anyone is able to view the action. However, there is also a bird's eye view at the beginning of the movie as the panorama of the city is shown from high above the ground. This view was created to give us an impression of how widely extended and huge Metropolis is. In addition, the focus of the dramatic camera angles with bold shadows is on the disproportioned landscape as well as on the right-angled buildings. There are moments in which the camera focuses on fast movement scenes like the dancing of the robot in the nightclub and scenes where it focuses on slow movement like in the beginning of the film where the 'slaves' are shown going into the working area at a certain pace and aligned as robots. When more people are involved in a scene, like the one in which all the children are surrounding Maria as she rings the danger bell, the angles are vertical, triangular, but when only one person is focused, there is a close-up to allow us to read that character's expressions and feelings. A good example would be the close-ups on the master Fredersons' eyes as he asks his secretary why his son was allowed to go underground and as well after that scene when he is thinking in order to suggest this dictator's meditation and frustration. Another important aspect of the camera and of Expressionism that I have remarked was the scene in which the mad scientist tries to run away from Freder and kidnaps Maria. He is walking up on the roof of a sharp-angled building holding Maria under his arm as if nothing would happen. The same scene was notable in Robert Wiene's film The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari as Cesare walks up on the roof with the kidnapped fiancé and the city crowd follows him.Time also is significant in the film because the clock keeps showing up in the most important scenes. Time is evident in Fredersons' office as his son challenges him to have mercy for the people as well as he is talking to his secretary. Still only, a small portion of the clock is shown in these shots and it means the time in which the master can think what decisions to take. On the other hand, a gigantic clock is shown as Freder finds an exhausted worker trying to turn a wall-clock. Freder understands the struggle of this man and replaces him. There is where he finds out that at 2 pm Maria will have a meeting.But all that we have seen in this movie is not only made to show us the great importance of this silent SF film that can keep the watcher alive by its impressive music and can inspire contemporary movies like Matrix , but for its great historical importance. Fritz Lang expressed a social life in this movie as well as a political one. After WWI, when Germany had lost a war, people's lives were a disaster. Everyone was disoriented and could not keep up with the tragedy that was going on, and maybe there were some influences of the great anti-Semitism that was supposed to follow. But Germany was a great disaster as well and there was nothing it could have done to prevent it because many troubles kept adding up over the years and this country had to be defeated morally and politically as well as economically. Even if Germany's wish of reconstruction was as utopic as Fredersen's wish of a technological city, the postwar inflation had a big contribution on cinemas development.
good Just came out of an early screening of this film during Odeon's monthly 'ScreamUnseen'. The film surrounds 4 friends who embark on a hike across a remote part of Sweden for a recently deceased friend. Things start to turn bad after they decide to take a shortcut through the forest. I split this film into 2 parts: The first part surrounds the group getting lost in the woods trying to find their way back to their cabin and encountering strange things and sounds in the woods. The woods give you a very strange and eerie vibe which I think the film excels at.The cinematography was great and really captured the sense of unease and isolation in the woods.The films also explores the subject of grief, especially in one of the main characters in the film and this has consequences heading into the latter parts of the film. Unfortunately the second part of this film falls short for reasons I can't go into without spoiling the film. If you are a fan of horror films set in the woods you'll have seen this kind of ending many times before. 'The Ritual' has some great strengths but unfortunately falls short towards the end of the movie. Definitely a film for fans of films such as 'Blair Witch' & 'Backcounty'.
good I have to be honest here. I hesitated, even reading a description of this series, based solely on my impression of the title. Ghost Wars... Upon reading the title, I automatically assumed it was just another reality-based ghost hunter television show. Nothing could be further from the truth.Its really well written, and the cast was superb. And despite the title fail, I've really enjoyed watching this series.8/10
good  What more can I say about the greatest sporting movie ever made? I don't think there's a person in the world who doesn't like Rocky. He is the ultimate underdog that we love to root for. The movie is an absolute masterpiece and can be enjoyed time and time again. I've seen it countless times myself. I hold this film close to my heart. Sylvester Stallone wrote the screenplay in 2 days, but you would never guess that judging by the depth of the film. It's an emotional roller-coaster that keeps you coming back for more. Rocky Balboa is up there as one of Hollywood's greatest ever creations. It's a very basic movie, but that's what we all love about it. The best films are usually like that. Very rare a big-budget blockbuster will take home an Oscar. Not only is it a love story, but it's also a boxing tale as we go on an unforgettable journey with The Itallian Stallion. Sylvester Stallone is my favorite actor, and for good reason. During the Creed movie he stole the show and should have won as Oscar for his latest portrayal as Balboa. Stallone is not only a great actor, but also a director and writer too. He can do it all. Some say Rambo is his greatest creation, but for my money nothing comes close to Rocky Balboa.
good  At the beginning of this movie it seems like it is just going to be another World War II movie, but it is not. There are no battle scenes; there are only stories of the events from overseas. Not many movies show the after effects of war. Many will just show a lot of violence to try to do better in the box office. This movie focuses more on a touching story. Also, for this movie to be released at the same time as many soldiers were coming home, it was not only a timely movie, but it must have been important to the soldiers for it to be accurate.When we are shown Fred trying to catch a flight home in the opening sequence, he is not exactly welcomed with open arms. I can only imagine what that must have felt like to a returning veteran. Not only that, but also to come home and struggle to find a decent job and having no other choice but to return to work as a soda jerker would be a such a shame. That was hard enough for Fred, but Homer probably had it the worst. He came home with no arms and found his life was turned completely upside down because of it. I liked that in the end though things worked out for him. As for Al, he came home and had a pleasant family and his old job waiting for him. All three of them had different ranks from different branches of the military, but when they returned home they were just like everybody else trying to survive in the rat race, rather than the fox hole.Even though it is definitely obvious that their paths will cross again early in the movie, I liked how the three stories intertwined. The film also builds suspense subtly, possibly without the average viewer even realizing it; like how we never see Homer's hooks uncovered until near the end of the film. Naturally, Greg Tolland does a great job in the cinema photography department. Deep focus is put to good use; they did not use it just because they could. The scene where Homer is playing the piano and Fred is in the phone booth in the background is a prime example. I also noticed a lot of creative shots done with mirrors throughout the movie.I found this movie to be quite good overall. I usually do not like long movies like this unless there is something special or unique about it. What I liked most about this movie was good storytelling. That is what I always look for the most in a film and this one has it. I think the movie is deserving of the numerous awards it received.
good  When the Bourne Identity arrived five years ago I have to confess that I didn't think much of it. At the time I was eleven years old, so perhaps I was too young to really get into the storyline and understand the whole scenario. Two years ago when the Bourne Supremacy arrived I thought it was a better movie than Identity but still didn't think it was as good as I expected it to be judging by the trailers. Over the past two years I had been told numerous times that the Bourne movies were amazing, many a time I had to bite my tongue and not say what I really thought about the movies. Until two months ago I couldn't have given a damn about the Bourne Ultimatum, I really had no intentions of watching it. But then I decided to go back and re-watch the first two before I came to any abrupt decisions. So I went out and bought both the original movies. And what a surprise it was to me when I was gripped by them. Identity I found the superior of the two, but Supremacy isn't far behind. They're both slick, action packed and thrilling pieces of cinema that I have watched numerous times since I bought them. Because of this I was first in line today to see the Bourne Ultimatum. And boy did Bourne Ultimatum not disappoint! Matt Damon was never one of my favourite actors until he appeared in the Bourne movies, I'd seen him in the Talented Mr Ripley, but I never thought much of him in general. However, it appears he was born to play Bourne (pardon the pun). Throughout this series we have seen the character change before our very eyes, in this movie we see Matt Damon at his very best, even better than he was in The Departed and I thought he was one of the best things in The Departed. You really do find yourself caring for the character and hoping that he finds out everything. Matt Damon plays the role with a quiet intensity and you always find his character extremely believable. The supporting cast of the movie were also absolutely outstanding. Joan Allen was one of my favourite things in Bourne Supremacy, here she excels herself. Her character is also very believable and she has some superbly acted moments towards the end of the movie. Julia Stiles turns up again as Nicky and finally we learn a bit about her character. Julia Stiles is a very underrated actress and I think she deserves a lot more roles, well decent roles, than she gets. David Strathairn is a newcomer to this series as Noah Vosen, he's definitely the bad guy of the movie and he really excels. He's definitely the nastiest character we've met, and some of the decisions he makes are truly nasty. Strathairn relishes the role and he too gets some superb scenes in the movie. Special mention must also go to Albert Finney who makes the most of his all too brief screen time, I will not say anything about the character, that's best left as a surprise, but trust me his scenes are some of the highlights of the movie.The Bourne movies have always had a strict focus on the storyline more than the action sequences, this isn't to say the trilogy lacks action sequences, good god no there's loads of them dotted all throughout the movies. But running throughout the movie is a very well written and well acted storyline. This storyline concludes in the best way imaginable in this movie. As I watched Supremacy the night before I saw Ultimatum it was nice because I could notice certain little parts. That very final scene in Supremacy, in New York, a lot more important that I ever imagined at the time. Won't spoil it for people but I recommend checking up on Supremacy before you see Ultimatum. Unfortunately though for a lot of people they will go to see Ultimatum purely because of the action sequences. This is the part where I should condemn such people and say they should see it for the storyline, but I'd be lying if I didn't say that my favourite parts of the Bourne series as a whole are the car chases. The mini car chase in Identity is one of my favourite car chases of all time. Well the action in Ultimatum has to be the best of the Bourne series. In fact the movie kicks off with an action sequence in Moscow. So in the duration of the movie we get numerous punch ups, all very violent and shockingly brutal. A bike chase that is absolutely amazing, many foot chases which are even more amazing, a thrilling car chase that is unforgettable, and oh so much more! But the highlight for me has to be the scene in Waterloo station, won't ruin it but for some reason had me gripped.So any flaws for the movie? In my eyes no, but if you are not a fan of the Bourne series or have not seen the previous two then I wouldn't recommend Ultimatum for you. The movie doesn't try to win over any new fans as it sticks to what the franchise does best and just adds a nice bit more storyline and action sequences on top. The Bourne Ultimatum is undoubtedly the best of the series and the best blockbuster of 2007. As a James Bond fanatic it is a great honour for me to say that Ultimatum is a lot better than a majority of the Bond movies, and trust me it takes a lot for me to say that. While Bourne as a whole might not be a better franchise than the Bond series, it is definitely nearly its equal.
good  In fact it's one of Kubrick's most gripping pictures, with a narrative drive second only to that of "Dr. Strangelove" (and it's unquestionably a more glorious creation than, say, anything he made in the 1950s).  English director Michael Powell (while attributing a similar failing to one of his own works) says that Kubrick fell into "the trap of the picturesque", but while I admire Powell as a creator, the judgment is absurd: at the VERY least, each lush image shows us people not just occupying a part of the screen but inhabiting a world, and tells us much about their relation to that world.  Many shots are indeed amazing and beguile the eye, but they don't have the effect they do simply because they would make nice postcards.THIS, I feel sure (without having read Thackeray), is the proper way to adapt a long story from novel to screen.  Each scene is either allowed as much time as it needs to make its point and its impact, or it's cut altogether - you won't catch Kubrick skating too quickly over his material for no better reason than to fit it all in.  The third-person narration (consisting of witty, beautifully crafted sentences - it's about time I did read Thackeray) almost performs a kind of dance with the images, gliding in just when we need it, taking a step back when we don't.  (So rarely is even third-person narration used so well.)  And as always, Kubrick's musical sense is unerring.  My impression at the time was that I was listening to mid-eighteenth century music that gave way to pieces from the classical era as the hero started to move in higher and higher circles.  I was more or less right.  But then I noticed Schubert's name in the credits - and I realised with a start that I'd been listening to, had even started tapping my feet to, a Schubert piece I was familiar with, without the anachronism registering.It's a pity Kubrick stopped making epics after this.  Look at the ones he's responsible for: "Spartacus" (not a project Kubrick was fond of, admittedly, but still the most magnificent of all Roman epics) "2001" (the most magnificent of ALL epics), and "Barry Lyndon".  The last of the three is by no means a poor cousin.
good  Terminator 2 is an amazing action packed movie from writer / director James Cameron. Arnold Schwarzenegger is at the top of his game returning to play the cyborg the T-800, his most famous movie role. James Cameron's love of Science Fiction and action coupled with the latest film making technology pushed the boundaries in 1991 to their limit. James Cameron uses classical action shots that allow the viewer to see what is going on at all times, something newer film makers/ editors should pay attention to. The reason this film works so well is down to the story itself and the concepts it deals with, James Cameron always writes interesting stories for us to think about but were he differs to 99% of other directors is he merges this with jaw dropping set pieces filmed with energy, often a moving camera shot he totally understands that this is an entertainment medium, he never forgets about his characters though and this why his films always have heart. Terminator 2 is one of the best action / science fiction films of all time, James Cameron is the best action director of all time and Terminator 2 is proof of that.
good I don't think Lost in Space was a bad movie. Is it a movie to be honored the all-time best? No, it's not. There are flaws in this movie, but I don't care too much. The movie is about a family, the Robinsons trying to go to the other habitable planet in the galaxy. They do all right until the villain, Spider Smith tries to kill the family and he ruins the navigational system. Now the Robinsons are lost. The acting is OK. Some of the actors did a great job such as Matt LeBlanc and Gary Oldman. The rest did OK. The special effects are not as good as movies from the time period such as Armageddon or Godzilla. The effects are good, though. I was disappointed in the writing. Akiva Goldsman is a respected writer with talent. For a bad script, all the actors did a good job. The music is pretty good. I liked the electronic soundtrack. I give this movie a 7/10 because I liked the space scenery, the gadgets, and the action.
good  There's so much that's already been said in previous reviews that it's senseless to repeat, but hard not to.On my 1st viewing 15 years ago, 'Treasure...' got catapulted into my top 10 best "1st time movie viewing" experience and it still remains there. Bogart, who displayed such cool confidence in "Maltese Falcon", "Casablanca" and "Big Sleep" is devastating as Fred (don't forget the 'C.') Dobbs. Hollywood brass wanted a more uplifting denouement, but that would have undermined the whole powerful impact of the story. It's dirty, gritty and unrelenting in the power of greed that comes with the lure of wealth. I totally understand if anyone places this as their #1 favorite. Another testament on the shallowness of the Oscars. Time is the only true testament on the truthful quality of a movie...and this movie stands high.Can't wait for the 2 disc edition being released in Sept, 2003.Not for all tastes, especially for those looking for the typical glamorized Hollywood product of a bygone age. This is a simple tale of gold and greed that is uncompromising...and refreshing.10 out of 10
good  Ah, yes. I can remember when I was in high school. The first thing I would do my junior and senior year when I was home from school was watch this classic soap opera. From that moment on, I was hooked on it. In addition, I also enjoyed the days when Victoria (Heather Tom) was on the show. Ever since Malcolm (Shemar Moore) left the show in 2001, I haven't been watching it as much. If you ask me, she was absolutely diabolical. You'd have to have seen the show between 1994 and 2001 if you want to know why. However, this is still a good soap opera. In conclusion, I highly recommend this classic soap opera to all you die-hard CBS fans.
good  Until 1950, American films were strictly entertainment, some deeper than others. Studio executives were very protective of image and star-making. In essence, everything seemed perfect. Billy Wilder, Charles Brackett, and D.M. Marshman, Jr. created a stunning work of art that splits the Hollywood sign in two and exposed a dream factory for what it really is: a struggle to both gain and keep notoriety in the limelight. "Norma Desmond" and "Joe Gillis" are at opposite ends of this warped Hollywood mindset, with Gillis, played by that most cynical of actors, William Holden trying to pay the rent and Norma (Gloria Swanson) living a lie as a silent queen whose star burned "10,000 midnights ago". How a picture with such a snide look at the industry could come out in 1950 is simply mind-boggling, considering some of the light fodder that came out of Hollywood at the time. It has inspired many modern day disciples such as Altman's THE PLAYER, and Sonnenfeld's GET SHORTY, both of which took their vicious, hilarious parodies to the jugular of the movie capital of the world. SUNSET BLVD is the father of all socially oriented pictures regarding the movies and is by far the best.The images of this beautiful black and white powerhouse are fascinating and unforgettable: the dead writer floating in a pool, eyes wide open, looking right at us at the beginning; the eerie pipe organ that plays by the breeze in the middle of one of the most deep and dustiest sets ever; the funeral ceremony of the dead monkey in Norma's courtyard ("That must have been one important chimp. The grandson of King Kong perhaps." says Holden in a delightfully crisp and wise voice-over.) Holden pulls his car into a driveway off of the boulevard that will change his life forever. He is the emblem of the struggle to get notoriety. He has only a few B Movies to his credit. Swanson as Norma Desmond is the symbol of lost fame and has become the talk of legend. What is ironic about her character is that she may be playing herself in an odd way. She WAS an actual silent star whose career went down the tubes after the talkies came about. Her madness combined with Holden's last drop of naiveté combine to give us one of the most electrifying "give and take" between actors I've ever witnessed.Both lead parts were passed over by several actors. Holden was eventually forced into it as a contract player. How could you pass on such a script? Even "wax figures" (as Holden calls them) Buster Keaton, H.B. Warner, and Anna Q. Nilsson come to Norma's to play bridge, of course being Hollywood outcasts themselves, after the invention of sound in film. Some of the dialogue takes a swing at actual movies and people (GONE WITH THE WIND, Zanuck, Menjou). This must have brought the house down in Hollywood screening rooms throughout the town. Louis B. Mayer even condemned Billy Wilder for "ruining the industry". The film is sad and darkly humorous depicting the antics of Norma, who is quite insane, and Holden who is going along with what Norma is giving him, but has plans of his own. Another wax figure still alive and kicking in 1950 appears as himself in an important role. Cecil B. Demille, who once directed Norma/Gloria back in the silent heyday, tries to set her straight, telling her pictures have "changed". They had indeed, especially after this searing comment on celebrity status. I wonder if they knew what they were creating while making this gem.Scenes are shot right on the lot of Paramount Studios (even the front gate), and Norma's mansion is an unforgettable piece of history and gloom with a floor that "Valentino once danced on." There is so much to discuss, but little to enlighten you on how great SUNSET BLVD is without you seeing it. Just two years later, films began to crop up with the same tainted view of Hollywood, most with varying degrees of deception. SINGIN' IN THE RAIN, one of the all-time entertainments quietly had a nasty taste in its mouth regarding celebrity and the invention of sound movies. Watch these films closely and see the skeletons of the modern Hollywood bash films.RATING: 10 of 10
good  Omg! This is the best Disney Show Ever. It's way better than the old Disney show Kim Possible! We have way more action! It's way more entertaining. If you don't like K.C. Undercover then your lost! Because this is so amazing!!!!Btw the star of the show is Zendaya! she was amazing and great actor,singer, and dancer! She was on the old Disney Show Shake it up after its 3 season Disney decided to cancelled it. And instead of dancing or singing with Zendaya we get karaoke!Zendaya co-star from Shake it up, Bella Thorne will make a special guest star! Disney ask Bella Thorne does she want to be in another Disney show she said no. She wanted to be in more movies that's not on Disney! So if you never seen K.C. Undercover go check it out! It's cool,amazing, and cool! And we get more Zendaya!!!
good  I needed to have two hours and twenty odd minutes to watch this with out interruption. I didn't want to break it for any real reason or for any real length of time other than to change the disc (more on that later).I had the time so I watched the movie.I could argue that with two small flaws this is one of the greatest anti-war films ever made.This is the SUBJECTIVE story of a boy who joins the partisans during the German invasion of Russian and his decent into hell.This is a tough movie. its in your face and everyone else's, literally as we see everyone and everything that our hero does even to the point that if he's talking to someone the camera will hold on them as they speak with no cut aways. We learn everything about people by their faces since we have the time to study them. This is simply one of the few times where even if the film had had a different aspect ratio other than 1.33 (tv shape) I would rally to have it full screen rather than letterbox simply because for this movie you MUST lose yourself in what you see and hear. Having someone facing you, looking at you is more powerful when all you can see is their face. Faces are a landscape in this film.This is especially true of Floyra, our hero who's stunned expression at all that happens around him is a constant source of wonderment.As we as shocked and rattled by what we see we know that he is even more rattled because he is there and he is expressing it on his face. Its said he was hypnotized to be able to get the right expressions, and seeing the pain on his face I believe it since you could only express what he is by living through it... Wide eyed numbness his mouth sometimes agape we watch as he tries to just get on...The film as I said is subjective and we see and hear, literally, what Floyra does. When his hearing is thrown askew by shelling what we hear becomes less distinct. Sound will drift in and out and we get a sense of being there. The camera also holds on some scenes at times Not cutting away for better angles simply because Floyra doesn't have them.This film will rock your world and then some.I want to tell you everything about the film but at the same time fear that doing so will set up expectations as to what happens. Reading the material on the film and seeing the trailer set up some expectations in my mind, some of which was right and some was wrong. I would like to have you see the film knowing as little about what actually happens as possible so you experience the film straight. I lost my expectations the minute the film began and I was wondering what was going on... I was hooked as the long strange trip took over. I'm certain that once the film stats you will be free of expectations too but, at the same time I think if I told you too much it would ruin the what happens next.This is GREAT film making.That said there are two small flaws.First, as some reviews have said the Germans, when they finally show up on screen are just a tad cartoony. menacing but slightly cartoonish...I could be wrong... but regardless through it all Floyra's pained expression cuts the cartoon away and reminds us this is bad stuff going down.The second flaw is a montage of actual footage used near the very end. I know why it was done, or can guess, but its too long. It breaks the spell in some ways... I think it would have been more apt had the film had the original desired title of "Kill Hitler".The last point I want to make is the fact the film is on two DVDs. Released two years ago there is no logical reason for the film to be broken into two parts, the tape is a single cassette release, except that like many films from the Russian Film Council its loaded with subtitles, 13 languages and three audio options. There is also other extras like an introduction by the film maker that runs 20 minutes, documentary footage and an interview with the lead actor. But I digress....I'm certain that the film doesn't really need to be in two parts for any reason other than a technical one... except that in a strange way the break sort of works for the film if you watch it straight through taking only a break to switch discs. Call me crazy but the break is perfectly placed at the mid point to the story. Not only that the film changes from first half to second half. The tone , even though continuous in action, is different as the second disc begins. Its almost as if we are back at the beginning of the film at a peak that slowly slides downward. Time wise the two halves are different with the action taking place over a couple of jumbled days while the second is one continuous series of events over two days.In the end all that matters is the film.And here the film is absolutely great.See it and be moved.----------------------------------- random thoughts In its way its comparable to grave of fireflies The film that many people compare it to, Destiny of a Man, is a relation but not direct ancestor of it simply because the films are very different, Destiny taking place over years in Flashback, Come and See is happening here and now over weeks. They share themes and elements but the thrust and points are different, especially in the end...
good Now I am a fan of the book series, and for book fans out there I can tell you that they changed a lot, took out a lot of the subtleties (it's patently obvious that Mr. Tiny is controlling Darren and Steve's lives the whole time, rather than a hidden thing revealed at the end like in the books), moved the plot forward, eliminated Debbie and replaced her with a monkey-girl, made his parents awful, etc....and for non-book fans, the plot can seem a little muddled at times, and the main actor who plays Darren is frankly a terrible actor, even if he looks the part....And yet, it's still quite an enjoyable film, full of lots of laughs (especially from John C. Reilly, who is brilliant and a riot as Mr. Crepsley, it is worth watching this movie just for him alone!) and fun and colorful characters and an interesting story--enough of the books is retained for book fans like me to feel warm and fuzzy recalling them (this is no "Ella Enchanted" or "The Dark is Rising" abomination), and overall I think it's worth seeing. Everyone in the theater with me was laughing many times throughout the film, and besides the main kid everyone gave a great performance--Salma Hayek, the kid who plays Steve, William Dafoe, Patrick Fugit, the list goes on....So in all, a decent film worth watching, and which I hope does well enough for a sequel....
good  "Taare Zameen Par" is an exceptional story, but it is only and exceptional film because of its director (Aamir). Aamir does an amazing job of engaging his audience, introducing a brilliant main character (Ishan), and making the audience experience the reality of children's paradise & their inner world. The story to which very people could relate; however, the directorial & cinematography mastery exhibits throughout allows the audience to accompany Ishan on his journey and awareness of his weakness. Anyone who has been close to the frailties of the human mind will appreciate how respectfully and honestly this film approaches the subject. Aamir is able to portray all the complex reactions to mental dimension's while maintaining the humanity and essence of the subject. Superbly directed, wonderfully acted by Tanay Chheda (ishaan) and cast, this film succeeds on every level.
good Expectations weren't exactly through the roof for SOOML. No big name actors, a director with no feature film experience and a screenplay by the same guys who brought us Sex Drive. It is with great delight then, that what we get is 100 minutes of laughter and light-hearted entertainment. Is it clichéd? Sure is. We've seen the 'underdog gets the girl' story repetitively since the dawn of cinema, but at least scripters John Morris and Sean Anders inject it with humorous variations to ensure we forgive their shortcomings in originality.Jay Baruchel was another unknown quantity. His supporting turns in Knocked Up, Fanboys, Tropic Thunder and Million Dollar Baby (remember the weakling who frequented the boxing hall despite his complete lack of talent – that was Baruchel) have provided laughs galore, but being the main star is different altogether. His geeky exterior and small frame isn't exactly leading man material however Baruchel's great comic timing and willingness to make a fool of himself if required makes him a likable headliner.On the opposite end of the gender pole is the drop-dead gorgeous Alice Eve who, like Molly, is a hard ten. It's not just her looks that makes her popular with the men though, she's genuinely cool and doesn't have a whiff of ego. Elsewhere in the cast you'll find the previously unknown T.J. Miller as Kirk's best mate Stainer – a character who resembles Napoleon Dynamite if he were on crack cocaine – who delivers a handful of memorable one-liners and plenty of laugh-out-loud moments.A charismatic cast and some hilarious jokes makes this a surprising winner.3.5 out of 5 (1 - Rubbish, 2 - Ordinary, 3 - Good, 4 - Excellent, 5 - Classic)
good  Die HardI saw this movie a few years ago and never wrote a review on it. I've found the quintessence of action movies. This is the single greatest action movie I've ever seen. My usual formula follows.Plot: The plot is simple. A NYPD cop named John McClane goes to Los Angeles to visit his wife, Holly who works at Nakatomi Plaza. Later "terrorists" take over the building and John with his sidearm is forced to take them on. This movie has many twists and always keeps the pace moving.Acting: The acting in this movie is the best I've ever seen in an action movie. Bruce Willis stars as John McClane with a stunning performance. He shows stress, fear, bravado, and creates a fallible hero who makes mistakes and is vulnerable as well. Alan Rickman in his movie debut, gives the performance of his life as Hans Gruber. Creating the perfect action villain, he even surpasses Bruce Willis in my opinion. No one gave a bad performance in this movie, everyone played their part.Action: This movie is the pure quintessence of the action movie genre. This movie didn't create the action genre, but it evolved it. It made a new kind of hero who was fallible, made mistakes, and was more human. It also made a new kind of villain in the form of Hans Gruber. He was a villain who liked to let his goons do the dirty work for him most of the time but at times did it himself.Although this movie has mistakes that we notice easily, we must remember every movie has those. It should not break your praise of the movie. This is a movie I define as a masterpiece of movies. A masterpiece of the genre is something that mostly only the fans of the genre will like and a few outside. A masterpiece of movies is a movie that even people who don't generally like the genre will like.So I say if you love action movies and haven't seen this yet, what are you waiting for get this now. If you don't like action movies that much then still see it. I say that for every 10 people who see it at least 8 to 9 people will love it.10/10
good Labelling something 'the best ever' or even a more moderated 'one of the best...' is surely asking for trouble? But in the case of TOKYO STORY it would be difficult to imagine the film causing any kind of trouble at all as this very measured, courteous movie is such an inoffensive and charming offering. However it's not, in my view, anything remotely like 'the best ever'. It's a nice little film, in it's way, but I do wonder why on earth it has developed such a huge reputation? It's sad, it's endearing, it's sometimes rather beautiful and it's melancholic almost throughout, but it's also very predictable;nothing remotely unexpected happens, one can see things being flagged up well in advance. It's very slow and made in a very tightly confined way which hasn't really influenced subsequent movies half as much as some people would like to think.So what makes it considered "one of the best"? It's not the story which is spare and not very entertaining in itself,although the character development is good. We do get to know the people involved even if many a motive seems to remain mysterious at the end. It's not the camera work which is rigidly static, creating the impression of interlinked paintings through which the protagonists wander, rather carefully. The familiar Ozu stylisations; the low set camera, the unfamiliar looks almost straight-to-camera when speaking, make it a slightly unsettling film to watch initially, although one soon becomes used to them. Perhaps it's the location work, which is appealing,in a reserved and understated way? Japan in the mid 50s seems far more exotic and unfamiliar than it would today , but that's true of almost any developed country. Twenty first century England no longer resembles the country depicted in Ealing Comedies of the same era. And the acting is a conundrum. Cultural differences in speech patterns and body language make it hard to compare what we see here with what we are familiar with in the western world. Certainly the father-figure seems to move and speak in such a painfully slow and deliberate way (except when drunk!) that one really begins to wonder how naturalistic his acting is. Are we seeing something comparable to Brando's 'method' or to Olivier's Shakespearian style? I think one needs to be very familiar with Japanese language and culture to fully understand and appreciate that aspect. He's a nice old boy but he might well be a terrible actor. It's certainly not the music that makes this film special as it's neither evocative nor memorable, so I'm at a loss. CITIZEN KANE, which often shares this most elevated of critical pedestals with TOKYO STORY, clearly has cast a muchlonger shadow over the development of cinema and while it's chock-full of innovative moments and methods TOKYO STORY seems rather a stylistic cul- de-sac from which one can find very little in subsequent movies. It's not a bad movie, but it is one which I'd fine it hard to sit through a second time.
good  This is just about as powerful as a war film can get.The year is 1943. A teenage Belorussian boy by the name of Florya finds a rifle and then joins the resistance to fight the Germans. On the way he sees all the horrors of war and thats what this film is really about.This is one of the most powerful war films I've seen and I have seen a lot. The events aren't dramatized too much and the film manages to keep a good sense of realism. At the same time however it achieves an excellent surrealistic atmosphere by contrasting this young boy to the horrors of war that surround him. The soundtrack helps a lot in this area by not really providing music in the traditional sense but rather these very tense and powerful, slightly ambient noises. Reminded me a lot of the sound that an orchestra makes when they're getting ready right before the start of a concert. Now the film was made during Soviet times so it does show the Germans in a bad light and as very cruel but to a large extent, thats how things were. Aleksei Kravchenko, the actor portraying Florya, pulls the job off well despite his young age. He doesn't have much dialog to say and this really is more of a visual film.To add to the artistic qualities of this film, there is also an excellent technical side. In addition to the soundtrack which I mentioned before, this film has some of the best cinematography I've seen in a long time. Director Elem Klimov makes excellent use of the steadycam with which he follows his characters as they go from one place to another and without cutting away. There are two excellent examples of this: First is when Florya comes back to his village and the camera follows him as he comes down a hill, goes into his yard and then into his house. The second is the last shot in the film which follows a collumn of soldiers, then takes a brief detour (which is more of a shortcut actually) into a forest and then rejoins that group of soldiers some time later. Simply awesome. The battle scenes are very intense, especially one of a group of German soldiers taking out a village. What I really liked was that everything seemed genuine. During one scene where a bomber bombed a forest, you could really see the dirt being kicked up and trees falling down.An absolute must see film.
good As several other reviewers have stated here, Spotlight is a "solid" film. There is absolutely no fault with the actors, who all acquit themselves very well, and the movie itself never drags.However, there's really no character in the movie whom the audience can latch onto. It's a terrific ensemble, but the fault, I think, lies in trying to give everyone in the ensemble an equal part in the story. Without making it about one person (whether a reporter or a victim), the emotional impact falls very, very short.What the viewer is left with is a general notion of, "It's shocking that went on for so long and the church kept covering it up," but zero emotional investment and reaction. Unless you have a personal identification with any of the elements in this story, I think you will remain similarly aloof in regards to this film.
good  If you're looking for a scare, you won't get that from this movie. What you will get is anticipation and emotion of fear with the wonder of how will this end. The movie is an hour and a half - and once the inciting incident happens and the plot gets going - the tension and pace does not let up. This is definitely a movie that you can watch more than once and still be entertained.
good  This film is so good the songs are catchy and it's just enjoyable I would recommend it
good  Nothing, nothing in this movie did not surprise me.I expected not much, I tend to be overly critical when it comes to movies (Avatar made me yawn, The Silence of the Lambs wonder) and I'm very critical of foreign movies (meaning non-Hollywood), because they tend to be too dramatic. (Not that I have anything against drama, but most of the times it's just laughable over the top) This movie has great characters, a great story, and great directing. One of the few movies that combined all three in a masterwork. It was one of the few movies who described love and passion without getting clichéd.I don't want to spoiler anything, but I think I can give this movie a recommendation to anyone who cares about the art of cinema.
good Zoey Deutch who is the daughter of actress Lea Thompson and film director Howard Deutch, proves here she is quite a captivating actress, really gets in the moment of what is going on, you really feel her struggles. Hope more good roles will come her way.It's easy to compare this to Groundhog Day, story of a teenage girl played by Deutch, who is caught in a time warp of repeating the same day over and over. And like Groundhog Day(1993) not much of a reason is giving, but instead let's the audience try to figure out the reason, but has it goes on the film starts turning into an odyssey of self discovery, Zoey Deutch plays it to perfection.But everybody else is pretty good here also, like Logan Miller, who for once playing a nice guy, which for a while he so rarely plays, he was quite good. So was Jennifer Beals has the mom. Some may call it Groundhog Day the teen drama, but the performances here, made say differently.
good  It's been a while since a movie has generated enough interest in me for me to watch it.  "The Matrix" looked exciting enough in the trailers, so I decided to give it a look.  What I found was an amazing movie, with some of the greatest special effects I've ever seen.  The camera angles really work for the action sequences and the choreographed fight scenes made me yearn for more.  Say what you want about Keanu Reeves' acting.  He may not deliver the best dialogue, but his look can carry a film.  He was a great choice for the role of Neo.  Carrie Anne Moss was great as was the underrated Laurence Fishburne.  I highly recommend this film for those who are a fan of visually stunning movies.  It will blow away your senses...
good 'People forget the unpleasant things.  They only remember what they want to remember.'In Rashomon the editing tells ½ of the story.  It may feel experimental or unconventional, but Kurosawa perfects the concept second by second, directing and editing.  This film didn't need a big budget to come perfectly to the point.  It's a simple tale, but not a superficial tale.  Different points of view and selective memories ('It's true! I saw it!') don't only make the woods unsafe, but are one of the most universal topics of humanity. 'We humans are weak creatures. That's why we lie, even to ourselves' says it all actually: it's about what people want to hear and when they start being interested at all, apart from wishful thinking.  Selfish excuses vs trust in other people.Rashomon gets masterful when in one instant there is literally a different point of view: the camera takes another position to shoot the same sequence, thereby forcing the audience to reconsider what they just saw.  That is the sort of storytelling that the supposed masters of cinema in our time yet have to equal, or try to copy when they fail.  Admitted 'Memento' (2000, Nolan) is a truly great one.  Still not THAT universal.  'Pulp Fiction' (1994) didn't come close,  'La Commare Secca' (1962) also didn't.  'Ghost dog: the way of the samurai' (1999) touched another border of the concept, or does it?The use of (non-original) music in my opinion reveals a certain interest for western influence, not only in Rashomon, but also in Kurosawa's forthcoming films, and is probably why his films were so influential on western filmmakers too.The cinematography is dynamic and changes scene by scene to emphasize exactly what is going on.  The shadows of leaves and branches, captured by cinematographer Kazuo Miyagawa, make you really feel 'in the woods', while the actors (Toshirô Mifune, Takashi Shimura) convince the remaining part of the audience (which adds up to 100% breathless viewers).  It may be after days that you first realize you saw an important film.  After weeks you realize that you must see it again to comprehend (despite it's only 85 min), and ironically that is just one of the crucial points that Kurosawa made. 10/10
good  This show is a nightmare too to bottom. It plays on every single hackneyed trope about 'Drama club' and the rivalry exists between sports and the arts. Unoriginal, boring and not worth the time.
good Stanley Kubrick's screenplay adaptation and direction of Thackeray's Barry Lyndon (1975) is VERY POOR, in my opinion.The two main characters, Barry Lyndon and Lady Lyndon are portrayed as deadpan through the whole film. This is particularly weird for the Barry character since his life story, the topic of the film, undergoes great transformations from start to finish. Yet, Ryan O'Neal, as Barry, looks like a lifeless, emotionless mannequin just reciting his script lines for almost the entire film. Marissa Berenson, as Lady Lyndon, is also a lifeless, emotionless mannequin just reciting script lines, although she is portrayed as being seduced by Barry while still being married to her elderly husband, although the narrator says that she falls in love with Barry before her husband suddenly dies, and although Barry is blowing her fortune and openly cheating in front of her after their marriage. It is true that the film is set in 18th Century England, when we would expect "propriety and decorum" to dominate more than today, but the flat, emotionless portrayal of the two main characters in such a tumultuous storyline is just unreal and just indicates a VERY POOR directing job by Stanley Kubrick.I was even more amazed when I read a Wikipedia summary of William Thackeray's The Luck Of Barry Lyndon (1844). In the original novel, Thackeray definitely sets up Barry Lyndon as a hot tempered young man at the start of the novel, using this as his motivation for his duel over his cousin Nora. In the novel, Barry is not the victim of highway robbers, but makes it all the way to Dublin, where he immediately begins hanging around with low lifes and accrues so much gambling debt that he joins the British Army just to escape. Wiki says Barry seduces and bullies Lady Lyndon into marrying him. The novel not only has Barry's stepson Lord Bullington join the British Army to fight in the American Revolution, but has Barry plotting long distance to have Lord Bullington deliberately killed in battle in America.Although I'm the first to say that an auteur should have the creative freedom to revise a screen adaptation of a novel however much he wants, it is VERY STRANGE to me that Kubrick BOTH revised the storyline of the original novel and focused his direction of the main characters in a way that turned his main characters into such lifeless, emotionless, script reciting mannequins. What kills me is that Wiki's plot summary of the novel reveals Barry Lyndon to be a truly colorful and adventuresome guy, a character who already would be a wonderful film character. So what the hell was Kubrick thinking here?? I don't know, but he FAILED BADLY as far as I'm concerned.The elaborate and obviously expensive costumes, period settings, and period accessories such as the horse drawn coaches in this film make it even more puzzling to me what Kubrick was thinking in his production of this film, that is, if he was thinking at all. In any case, elaborate and obviously expensive costumes, period settings, and period accessories do not compensate for a POOR screen adaptation of a novel, and for POOR direction, and that's all I can see in Kubrick's Barry Lyndon (1972).Anyone who thinks that this is a great film must first start with the assumption that Kubrick is a great filmmaker and then work his way backward from that assumption to justify the "greatness" of this film. I just don't see it any other way.
good Based on the excellent book by Adam Nevill and adapted by Joe Barton (and co-produced by Andy Serkis), this story focuses on four associates who go on a hiking expedition in Sweden. Apart from anything else, they come to honour the memory of deceased pal Robert (Paul Reid). Luke (Rafe Spall) holds himself responsible for his friend's death (there's a constant melancholy behind his eyes) and there is an underlying animosity from the others because of the incident.This fuels some friction between the group, who otherwise swap some genuinely funny banter and are a believably close-knit gang of long-term friends. We have sensible Hutch (Robert James Collier), whinging Dom (Sam Troughton) and pessimist Phil (Arsher Ali) – finely drawn out characters played to perfection.The first two thirds of the film concentrate on a slow-burning realisation that they are far from alone in this vast, oppressive, beautiful wilderness. They suffer, do these lads, with some pretty gruesome and hallucinogenic set-pieces. This is Blair Witch 'turned up to 11' in many ways, and is genuinely creepy.The final third concentrates on Luke and the weird community of locals he meets. This is a comparatively rushed second act – we never really know the locals (only Sara, played by Maria Erwolter, has any decipherable lines). The creature responsible for the varied graphic happenings isn't revealed until late on, but is highly impressive.I think that apart from the location, the sound design is the star here. There are some truly gut-wrenching noises and jump scares that don't rely on the over-used screeching violin/Psycho-scare noises that soundtracks often saturate scary moments with. The whole production sounds incredible. And it looks overwhelming too - David Bruckner directs beautifully throughout.For anyone who has read the book, there may be disappointment at the moments that have been excised. I won't expand on that – both book and film are more than worth your time, with neither simply a re-tread of the other – but it is interesting to compare and contrast.Ultimately, I really enjoyed this. The build-up, in both character and horror, is exceptional. Only the film's ending comes as a let-down, and by that time, it is far too late to turn back.
good  When I read some four years ago that Diana Wynne Jones had sold the rights for Howl's Moving Castle to a Japanese animator, I wondered. The book (one of my very favorites, which I re-read at least once a year) takes several fairy-tale conventions and merrily turns them upside down. Ms Jones refuses to allow her imagination be neatly pigeonholed as hard sci-fi or straight fantasy, juvenile or adult. This story (as all of her stories) revels in word play. I really wondered how it would all come out translated into Japanese.I'd never heard of Miyazaki. Then I saw Spirited Away, Princess Mononoke, The Cat Returns, and Kiki's Delivery Service. Wow. I think Ms Jones and Mr. Miyazaki must be kindred souls. His movies share a lot with her novels  a whimsical sense of humor, impossible to pigeonhole into a category, magic and mischief, and a firm respect for the audience's intelligence. I began to pace the floor in anticipation of the movie.I saw the movie today. I was not disappointed. The soul of the story is intact, Sophie and Howl and Calcifer are nearly as I imagined them. Yes, there are some plot adjustments. Think of it as the Series 12C version (for those who have read Ms Jones' Chrestomanci books.) The main elements are there, some re-arranged, some changed, yet with a full understanding of the original. Much like the 2004 version of Peter Pan  much was changed, but the soul is the same.For those who wonder, here are the differences between the movie and the novel. I've tried to phrase them carefully to avoid spoilers for either fans of Ms Jones's work who have yet to see the movie, and those who have seen the movie and have yet to read the book: Why the witch bespells Sophie Where the door opens when the dial points to blackSophie's sister Martha, and the plot line involving sister Lettie are not in the movie  Mrs. Pentstemmon, Miss Angorian, Mrs. Fairfax are also missing, but elements of each are woven into other characters in the movie  Michael (Markl) is a different age  The battles  magical and military  are quite different (but equally spectacular)  The dog appears at a different time, with a different, yet just as mysterious, agenda  The scarecrow's relationship with Sophie is different  Thelevel of technology is different. (I did miss the 7-league boots)My advice: go see the movie. It's magical and beautiful and funny. Then, if you are a Diana Wynne Jones fan, check out the rest of Miyazaki's films. Now is a great time, as many of his films are available on home DVD. If you are a Miyazaki fan, hie thee to a library or bookstore try Ms Jones' books. (There is a sequel to Howl's Moving Castle  Castle in the Air.)And enjoy!
good  This is the most powerful drama I had the fortune to experience this past year. It's up there with Michael Haneke's AMOUR, but this definitely made me *feel* more. When, near the ending of THE HUNT, we have some hope for the protagonist, a kindergarten teacher who has been unjustly accused of child molestation, I actually thought something like "I hope the movie ends right now!" This because Thomas Vinterberg (director of movies like FESTEN and DEAR WENDY) makes us feel each and every moment of the great injustice that is shown in the screen. Yes, we feel for the protagonist Lucas (top-notch performance by Mads Mikkelsen) but also for his family and friends, especially for his teenage son. Obviously the, really wished, "happy ending" is highly unlikely as this is a realistic portrait of human nature. In the beginning of the film we have a group of Danish hunters (Lucas included) sharing good times, drinking, talking, just having fun. Apparently they're a real "family" of friends. The little daughter of Lucas' best friend is the one who begins the sexual abuse rumor, by telling the kindergarten director that Lucas showed her his penis. The parents of this girl didn't give her the enough attention; finding more important to be arguing than taking her to school, for instance. And Lucas was there to help the girl – it's a really ironic film. The way the families of the supposedly victims react; how the behavior of a family affects their infants; the general thought we have about children; and also those subjects of violence and friendship. Everything is shown here in a very credible way. The violence really "hurts" you; and I think if a film like THE HUNT doesn't provokes you *rage*, well, none will. Highly recommended, and for sure one of my favorites of 2012. *Watched it on 26 December, 2012
good  I first saw this film when I first really got into anime in High School. I'd grow up with Naussica and cartoons, and had just seen Akira, then my brother and I rented this.We sat through the whole thing without saying a word, then when the movie was over we didn't even talk.Not a simple film. Instead of just making the Americans out to be bad guys, the Japanese people in the children's village either through greed (their aunt) or through indifference (Gardener, Doctor), also play their part in the children's starvation and death. So it's not just about war, or anti-war, though I can't think a better movie to watch about war.The animation is perfect also. Absolutely beautiful colors.As another testament to the power of this movie, I decided to sponser a child through Compassion after watching it for the second time, 8 years later.Everyone should see this one, but be warned, it's not Akira or even a Miyazaki movie. Watch it with an open mind and heart.
good  Long before it came out, I knew The Two Towers would be the toughest of the three Lord of the Rings books to put on film. Not only is it the middle child, but the very structure of the book makes it hard to craft a linear story with all the plot lines in tact and interesting.But I think Peter Jackson and company did a very good job. It's not as strong as Fellowship, but is still outstanding.All the elements of the LOTR films are here: the beautiful photography, set designs, costumes, scenery, special effects. All amazing, all brilliant, all Oscar-worthy.The performances are terrific, too. Bernard Hill, Viggo Mortensen, Elijah Wood, Miranda Otto, all did great jobs. The supporting actors, too.It is sad that Ian McKellan's role is relegated to almost cameo status, but that's the nature of the book. The biggest shame is Christopher Lee. He has so little screen time in this film, I think he only says two or three lines on camera, the rest is "brooding". Such a waste, he is one of the great actors of our time, a real joy to watch (and a scene stealer to boot).But the stars of the piece have to be Gollum and Treebeard and the Uruk army. The sequence with the Ents seeing the destruction Saruman wrought upon the trees brought tears to my eyes, and their revenge brought cheers to my voice. The battle of Helm's Deep was probably too long, but impressive nonetheless (and will probably be the model for "epic battle sequences" for years to come). And Gollum. What can be said about Gollum that hasn't already been said. We have entered into a new age of CGI, and, like all great works of art, it has a human soul.A great film. 9 out of 10, the only items keeping it from getting a 10 are the short-shrifting of Christopher Lee and that some parts don't quite flow too well (a problem rooted in JRR Tolkien's novel, not the fault of the filmmakers).
good Don't get me wrong, I have nothing against Lord of the Rings and I respect people's right to obsess over whatever they wish. Nonetheless, it does often irritate the cynic in me that we're teaching a generation of kids that there is a distinct borderline between 'good' and 'evil', between 'justice' and 'injustice', that there exists such a thing as a 'hero', when in reality there is actually nothing of the sort.Ladri di Biciclette is a shining example of a film that demonstrates this fact. There is no distinction between the 'good guys' and the 'bad guys'. At times we support one character, or the others. But there is never a line drawn between one side or the other because in reality, the only people we see here are simply human - flawed, corruptible and in this case, all suffering the same tragic fate. Our central character Antonio is obviously the protagonist, and he is obviously portrayed in such a way that our sympathies lie with him, but he is far from being a hero. He is simply used as the representation of the tragic misfortune that can befall mankind. This misfortune, also, is not depicted in any black-and-white sense. Antonio and his family's plight is not the only, or even necessarily the most desperate, in this film. In fact, with the exception of the family in the restaurant scene, practically every single character, major or minor, is portrayed as suffering in some way at the hands of capitalism.Therefore, as obviously tragic as Antonio's story is, the only real reason we side with him is because his particular tragedy is centrally focused. But, as has been discussed so often previously, he is an Everyman character. The bicycle in the film is simply used as an analogy for the loss, or lack of any essential element of life that leads to poverty and suffering. In very simple terms, the film's message is essentially that at some stage in life, we are all shouting "Give me back my bicycle!" But I digress. This simplistic and amateurish film is far more real and far more true-to-life than practically anything that Hollywood has churned out in the past fifty years. For that reason, the realist in me believes that all those dreamers, people who believe in a happy ending or ideal status quo, could do with the sort of down-to-earth lesson that this film represents.Yes, it's a distressing and bleak vision. But nevertheless, an utterly profound one.
good  I thought Billy Crystal and John Goodman were great. I like them anyway, but I can't imagine anyone else in their roles. John Goodman comes across as a warm, fuzzy teddy bear type in so many of his roles, and this time he was actually drawn that way. Crystal and Goodman were great together, even when their characters showed signs of not getting along. And Boo sounded so natural, so childlike. There's no way an adult could have done her lines the way they were executed.And the writing was so intelligent, this movie was not just for kids. There were a lot of clever jokes that kids might not get. Still, the warm and fuzzy qualities of so many of the monsters make this a perfect choice for kids as well as adults, and I really don't get why ABC couldn't give this a TV-G rating. It may have been a little violent or scary at times, but never all that intense. Kids see worse on Saturday morning.
good Gore Verbinski, the man who gave us the first "Ring" movie, the "Pirates of the Caribbean" franchise, "Rango," and "The Lone Ranger" is now back with this Hitchcockian Gothic psychological thriller designed to keep you guessing till the very end. Even though its final 20 minutes somewhat go off the rails a bit, overall A CURE FOR WELLNESS is stunning, bold and hypnotic.Dane DeHaan plays an ambitious young executive, Lockhart, sent to retrieve his company's missing CEO who's decided to stay at a remote wellness center in the Swiss Alps. What is supposed to be an easy assignment turns into a journey of slowly but surely uncovering the center's dark past, uncovering the real reasons as to why the guests keep staying there, longing for the cure, as Lockhart himself starts to question his own sanity.You will fall in love with the cinematography by DP Bojan Bazelli. Even if you're not a fan of mystery or suspense, Bazelli's cinematography for "A Cure For Wellness' will leave you floored, the word breathtaking doesn't even begin to fairly describe it. There are shots through the tunnel, around the castle, and even during some of the film's most disturbing moments, they draw you in, gorgeous in every possible way. And the fact that they actually filmed a big chunk on location at Castle Hohenzollern in Germany does help because the place becomes a supporting role.Ever since "Chronicle," Dane DeHaan has been an actor that's caught my attention because I do believe that this rising star has what it takes to be great, A CURE FOR WELLNESS allows him to showcase a tease of that potential. His performance reminds me of Leo DiCaprio's in "Shutter Island" and Jack Nicholson's in "The Shining" where to a certain extent, you're not certain if they'd eventually cross that line or remain on this side of the fence. A CURE FOR WELLNESS is trippy, it's intriguing, it's filled with all kinds of odd imagery, it's definitely not for the faint of heart. It's a sensory experience type of a film, the kind that also evokes all sorts of questions about society and what it means to live well and the ambition for purity. But again, as I said earlier, the final 20 minutes do go off the rails a bit, by that time the film feels like it runs longer than it should and furthermore it gets ruined by its desire to leave us on a happy note. A CURE FOR WELLNESS will find its audience, but it's an acquired taste.
good There are a few movies that entertain, there are a few movies that give message and then there are a few movies that you can relate to. A Wednesday is definitely one such movie.The story revolves around an anonymous man (Shah) who calls up the commissioner of police (Kher) and informs him about the bombs that he has placed. Bomb blast is something that I personally am scared of. It had ripped Mumbai in 1993 and then in local train and bus. Only people stood by each other. It followed thru out the country. And what can one common man do? . The story line is fantastic. Its hard to believe that this is Neeraj Pandey's first movie and he has taken a gigantic leap without including any songs. The movie itself is only one and a half hours - half of what Bollywood movies usually are. Then he has not shown the police administration either as corrupt or the bookish kind of honest. He has probably taken the real view of police department And then the cast. Naseerudding Shah is one actor who can crawl under the skin of any character. Be it the coach in Iqbal or the pirate in The League of Extra-ordinary gentlemen. Then there is Anupam Kher whose acting abilities are still not tapped to the best by any director. These two stalwarts make-up this movie. And this movie does not have him in a stereo typical dads role. Aamir Bashir as Jay and Jimmy Shergill as Arif are just outstanding. Nothing in the movie is out of context. Well-acted, well-directed, well-scripted, well-executed.
good  Paper Moon has to be one of the finest pieces of American cinema to grace the 70's. Bogdanovich's direction bares a strong resemblance to The Last Picture Show, but overall this film is much more satisfying and enjoyable. The Black and White photography gives the film a nostalgic beauty that perfectly complements the Depression-era it attempts to recreate. Also notable is the charming Jazz-based score, with a wonderful opening title track, reinforcing the film's charm. As good as the story, direction and music are however, the true stars of the film are the O'Neal twosome. Both bring forth their best performances of their careers, and share a chemistry on screen that only a father and daughter could. Ryan O'Neal brings forth a subtle charm as the wise-talking, but inept hustler Moses Pray. Tatum however, even upstages her father with what has to be the best youth performance in history. She is funny and moving when need be, and always charming, eliciting laughs many times based solely on her malleable facial expressions. Her show-stopping five minute shot, no matter how long it took to film, proves just how fully Tatum was able to embody little Addie Pray. The movie is always entertaining, with never a dull spot, with a strong supporting performance by Madeline Kahn to help keep things rolling during the middle. This is a true classic that should be seen by people of all ages, I can't recommend it enough!
good F*** this IMDb rating. I haven't been this entertained in 90 minutes since Pan's Labyrinth. Dawn of the Planet of the Apes gets 8 stars, and everyone is attacking the science of this film... f*** off. This movie is fantastically cool.Remember, critics and joes thought Boondock Saints, Donnie Darko, and Star Wars blew... yeah. Watch it for yourself. If you're a Luc Besson fan, you won't be disappointed.Bad-*** car chase, science-fiction, sex appeal my goodness, Morgan "the man" Freeman, Chow Yun-Fat worthy shootout, visuals that will blow your-effing-mind, and it didn't even take 2 sequels and a prequel to do it. What happened to people that used to enjoy movies?
good  If you are in the mood for a deep, spiritual experience, this is not the movie for you. If you have no sense of humor, this is likewise not for you. If, however, the idea of 100 minutes of pure unadulterated fun sounds good, then you should definitely go see Super Troopers 2. The jokes never stop-sometimes silly ones, sometimes crude ones, and sometimes devilishly clever ones. The end result is a madcap romp that will keep you laughing out loud.
good Contains possible spoilers.First of all I should qualify this comment by saying that I am a massive fan of Scorsese - pre-Cape Fear anyway. This is definitely his masterpiece (although Goodfellas gives it a run for its money) and the finest of his collaborations with Robert De Niro. The fact that its shot in black and white works very well because it gives it an authentic feeling - sometimes its easy to forget that this film was made in 1980 and not 1940. Robert De Niro gives his all in arguably his best performance. The scene where his punches the cell wall and bangs his head against it is incredibly difficult to watch and possibly the best single piece of acting I have ever seen on film. He IS Jake La Motta for the 2 hours of this movie. The way he gets inside the psyche and mindset of a brutal cold hearted beast like La Motta is admirable to say the least and absolutely mindblowing to be honest. Yes this film can be hard to watch simply because La Motta is such an unlikeable guy and his self destructive personality is difficult to warm to. The domestic violence he inflicts on his wife is particularly hard to swallow but it's this violent and abhorrent behaviour which makes the character so compelling whilst so unlikeable.The cinematography of the fight scenes is simply amazing. On the DVD it explains that Scorsese put a fire underneath the camera lens to get the hazy appearance of some of the shots - genius. The scene which sticks in my mind most vividly is where Sugar Ray Robinson is destroying La Motta and his face explodes in a burst of blood and broken noses. The shot of La Motta's blood flying into the faces of the boxing judges is pretty gruesome, as is the shot of his blood dripping from the ropes after he loses the fight.What makes this film so powerful is the fact that is based - quite accurately - on Jake 'The Bronx Bull' La Motta's real life. He appears on some of the special features of the DVD. Now a frail, cracked faced old man, he cracks jokes and comes over as quite a charmer. But having seen his antics portrayed so convincingly by De Niro in the movie, it still isn't easy to like him.This really is a magnificent film. Superb acting from the ever brilliant De Niro and good support from Joe Pesci and Cathy Moriati complement Scorsese's stunning direction. One of my top 3 films of all time along with Amelie and Shawshank Redemption. Do not miss.
good Winchester: Based on a true story but this telling is rather embellished. Never mind, the additions make for a solid ifquotidian Horror Film. Psychiatrist Eric Price (Jason Clarke) is addicted to laudanum and living a dissolute lifestyle when he is offered a much needed job by the legal counsel for the Winchester Company. They want him to assess the sanity of Sarah Winchester (Helen Mirren) who owns 51% of the company's shares. The Board will double his fee if he produces the "right" report. Sarah has been building a house for over 20 years, adding and demolishing rooms and wings, with construction teams working 24/7. That doesn't bother the Winchester Directors but Sarah is also forcing them to diversify from rifles into manufacturing roller blades. Sarah believes that she and her house are haunted by the ghosts of victims of the Winchester repeating rifle. The rooms are for ghosts, when they finally find peace the rooms are demolished and the ghosts move on. But now a deadlier spirit (Eamon Farren) has arrived is possessing young Henry (Finn Scicluna-O'Prey), son of Marion Marriott (Sarah Snook), Sarah Winchester's niece and secretary. Eric finds that this won't such an easy job after all.So the battle begins, this spirit is also a poltergeist and is talented at throwing people around. We get many of the usual nasty spirit tropes and a butler who resembles Lurch from The Addams Family. Acting is generally good but this isn't Mirren's most demanding role, Finn Scicluna-O'Prey does impress as Henry. The House is perhaps the real star with set design/decoration by Michael Bell/Vanessa Cerne. Superb makeup/prosthetics by Aracelli Frias/Samantha Lyttle on the deadly spirit and other ghosts. The cinematography (Ben Nott) and film editing (Mark Villa) is impressive but doesn't quite make up for the pedestrian direction by Michael & Peter Spierig. So just 7/10.
good Tony Gilroy's thriller "Beirut", tautly directed by Brad Anderson, propels that iconic "Mad Men" tv star Jon Hamm into the long-vacant Hollywood position created in the '40s by Humphrey Bogart. It's a character persona of disillusioned, world-weary masculine presence that springs into action, however reluctantly, when absolutely necessary.Previous IMDb reviews of this exciting film either have been premature (of the "Gee, I can't wait to see it" non-review content) or ignorantly dismissive, as if fiction had to be judged by reality standards, or location hunting be abandoned in favor of merely using the practical "real" places from the script. I guess Matt Damon in "The Martian" was somehow exempt from that latter idiotic requirement.Several hit films come to mind, clearly "Argo" the most relevant in terms of demonstrating box office potential, and Hamm is blessed with a talented and selfless co-star in a key yet subdued role by Rosamund Pike, coincidentally having risen to stardom in "Argo" maestro Ben Affleck's "Gone Girl". The director cites Peter Weir's "The Year of Living Dangerously" as a key influence, and that's a fine source to draw from.I appoint Hamm as the next Bogie because in addition to his classic good looks as leading man he captures here and in "Mad Men" the uncanny ability to define a film noir hero -self-divided, prone to hitting the bottle, and winning over a viewer no matter how close he comes to betraying his best moral instincts in service of self-interest. Certainly he could handle a remake of "Casablanca" (perhaps with currently hot-hot Scandi star Alicia VIkander as co-star) without much of a stretch.Though low-budget and closer to pulp than a major Hollywood blockbuster, "Beirut" succeeds because it is fun, not because it is giving us a history lesson. The cliches of its genre and the unfortunate real-life cliches of the Middle East as a quagmire work very well in the traditional roller-coaster ride that is what Hollywood does best. Quibbling over accuracy is absurd; rather Gilroy should be commended for fashioning, over a period of several decades, a tight script that makes its historical points while firmly inhabiting the fantasy land of movies.
good  This movie proves that India is not yet ready for an honest biopic film. Although the film excelled in every other aspects such as acting, cinematography, special effects, music; especially MUSIC, But it couldn't capture the real aspect of the story of the wrestlers daughter and her sisters. We never get to know her enthusiasm towards wrestling. Was it her relationship with her father who imposed his dream of winning a gold on her? or her duty towards her nation to win it? or was it her own desire to never give up or lose to a competitive opposition to satisfy her own ego?This film was heavily clichéd just for the purpose of entertaining the masses and clearly may have aggravated many characters who are related to this story. TOO much HYPE may have given this movie the attention that it pursued, and why not? this is business after all.Much disappointed with the makers of the film for adulterating such an awesome script which may have had made everybody proud. Current IMDb score :9.2 with over 13k users. Where have we gone wrong?Final verdict: Its a good watch, but one wouldn't rate this movie 9/10 unless he/she had any personal attachment towards the film. it has good social message/dialogues. An 8 would be too generous, hence I would rate it 6 or 7 out of 10.
good The boys' school in Saint Cloud, a suburb of Paris, run by Michel and Christina Delassale, serves as the background for one of the best suspense thrillers of the French cinema. The school belongs to Christina, but it's Michel who has the last word about everything. This penny pinching man insists in giving his students living at the boarding school the worst food money can buy. Michel is also a man who loves to slap his wife, and his mistress, Nicole Horner, who is a teacher at the school. When we first meet them, Nicole has a swollen eye and wears dark glasses to hide her shame. Obviously, everyone guesses what is really going on between Michel and Nicole, even his wife. Christina is aware of the extra-marital goings on between her husband and his mistress. A strong minded Nicole shows how she dominates the weaker Christine. Nicole, who is fed up with the situation convinces Christina something must be done. She sets things in motion to go to her home town during a brief vacation so that Christina and Nicole attract Michel to come after them as they have a plan of their own about how to deal with his abuses.The women's plan is to bring Michel's body back to the school and dump him in the murky swimming pool, where he would be discovered as drowned by accident, or perhaps his own suicide. When the pool is drained, there is no corpse. When one of Michel's suits is sent from a dry cleaner's the women are dumbfounded. When they go to investigate, the owner hands them a key for a nearby hotel room.Christina, who is a fragile woman with what appears to be a weak heart, feels guilty. When she reads in the newspaper about a drowning victim found on the Seine, she has to find out to see if it's her husband. Of course, the dead man is not Michel, which heightens the mystery. What Christina didn't count on is the retired inspector, Alfred Fichet, who watches her outside the viewing room at the morgue. This man will become the key figure to solving Michel's disappearance. "Les Diaboliques" was Clouzot's triumph because the suspense works until the end. He based his screen play in a novel by Pierre Boileau and Thomas Narcejar, who also served as the basis for "Vertigo". In fact, much has been said about the similarities between the two directors, but it is unfortunate because both men approached their work in different ways. Clouzot hints subtly at perhaps a lesbian relationship between Nicole and Christine as it appears both want to be rid of the horrible Michel.The acting is first rate. Simone Signoret, one of the best and most attractive actresses of her era, makes an earthy Nicole. She is calculating because there is a lot at stake. Vera Clouzot plays Christine as a bundle of nerves because of the gravity of her actions. Paul Meurisse is the evil Michel. Charles Vanet is the old inspector Fichet. Also in the cast, a young Michel Serrault, and the singer Johnny Holiday, who appears uncredited as one of the boys in the school.Henri Georges Clouzot was at the top of his craft and he clearly showed he was a master of suspense, bar none.
good  WOW...That is all I can say about this movie. I was really impressed! Internal Affairs have become my favorite film. I was surprised by the ending and did not expect it at all. There are so many heartfelt moments in the film, but I don't want to ruined it by telling the scenes for people who are going to watch the film and have not seen it yet. I highly recommended Internal Affairs for a smart, sexy, intelligent, action film. Best Movie in a Long Time! One thing I will tell you about this film, since IMDb wants 10 lines(god, how annoying and nitpicky) you will grow to love the characters. I was shocked when Inspector Wong died. I was shocked and sad when undercover cop Yan died in the end. And I absolutely hated the triad mole Ming that he got away with being so evil and fraud.
good  A stand out film dealing with a particularly unpleasant Serial Killer, "Se7en" (along with "Silence of the Lambs"), is something of a milestone in this genre. An intelligent script, and admirable actors including the excellent Morgan Freeman, Prad Pitt, Gwenth Paltrow and Kevin Spacey, with a cinema noir style, and very grisly murders representing the Seven Deadly Sins. It is the performances however that lifts this movie above the average, Morgan Freeman as the older world wise detective, Pitt almost manic as his young enthusiastic sidekick, Poltrow plays the wife with a fine degree of sensitivity, and Spacey does his usual brilliant psycho routine. There is a pivotal scene with Freeman and Paltrow in a café which shows the depth of performances here. They are believable characters in a dark disturbing world wherein it always seems to be raining. An effective thriller with tight direction and atmospheric photography.
good  When you go to a liquor store to buy Vodka you can purchase one of several brands or you can purchase Stoli. That's what Das Boot is when it comes to Submarine films. You can watch any one of several or you can watch Das Boot. Like Stoli Vodka it's in a class by itself. Superb film either way you see it i.e. subtitles or the dubbed version. See the directors cut if you can. The German crew could be any nationality the film is so well done it doesn't matter. Andy Rooney once said that when you're in a war you live life at 100%. The opening scene of this film demonstrates that. The men are living life at 100%. I never saw any other war movie that captured that like Das Boot.
good  Tarantino's brutal debut film. From the original initial dialogue, to the final outcome, the director astonishes everyone and makes clear what his style: anthological dialogues (eye to the discussion in the distribution of colors that will identify each gangster, hilarious) a breakthrough structure, very good soundtrack (as in all his films), great doses of violence (although not at all gratuitous, but rather ironic) and, above all, a lot of black humor. In addition to superb performances by Harvey Keitel, Tim Roth, Michael Madsen, Steve Buscemi and Chris Penn. In short, a great example of good noir cinema (with all its ingredients: shootings, violence, betrayal, suspense, etc.), but with the innovative and very personal touch of the brilliant director, who would later continue to dazzle with the wonderful "Pulp Fiction". Oh, and the scene from the beginning with "Little Green Bag" is legendary. 10/10
good I asked my co-workers to recommend a Bollywood movie. I expected "Dumb and Dumber" by the title. It wasn't that at all. It is more of an inspirational comedy with some serious but good messages. A more accurate title would have been "The Legend of Rancho".Odd to me is that they speak in part English, part Hindi through the movie, kinda like some speak "Spanglish" here I suppose. I know none of the actors but the acting was good, and there was plenty of humor. The characters were believable. Most movie dancing I find a little silly but I even liked the dancing routines in the bathroom.I will be asking my co-workers for more recommendations after this one!
good  For years, I was entertained by film-noir homages/parodies like Garrison Keillor's "Guy Noir, Private Eye" and the Coens' "The Man Who Wasn't There," but I'd never seen an authentic noir. I finally got my chance with "Double Indemnity," which helped establish the genre as we know it. The expected elements are all here: Shadow-filled black-and-white cinematography. An ordinary man (Walter Neff, played by Fred MacMurray) who becomes an amoral criminal under the influence of a femme fatale (Phyllis Dietrichson, played by Barbara Stanwyck). Abundant cynicism, pessimism, and fatalism. Tough, stylized dialogue, including voice-over narration with a kind of hard-edged poetry to it.However, because in the 21st century we see film noir parodies more frequently than the real thing, we've been conditioned to laugh at some of the excesses of the genre--especially this sort of narration. Thus, lines like "How could I know that murder could sometimes smell like honeysuckle?" or "I got to thinking about what cemeteries are for--they're for putting dead people in!" strike us as much funnier than they were probably intended to be. Instead of helping create a dark, gritty atmosphere, they actually jolt us out of the movie by prompting our scoffing laughter.In short, "Double Indemnity" does a great job of establishing the rules of the world in which the story takes place, but we now have trouble accepting that world on its own terms. And I do believe that this movie was intended to have some humor to it--but of the grimly ironic kind, not the "isn't this a little ridiculous?" humor we find in it today.Still, there is much to admire about "Double Indemnity." It has a very strong plot--simply but elegantly constructed, and even though its general outlines get revealed within the first five minutes, the movie always remains interesting. The relationship between Walter and Phyllis is intriguingly ambiguous--it's not clear whether they are motivated by lust, greed, or something else entirely. (Roger Ebert's Great Movies essay has some noteworthy theories about this, and made me realize that this ambiguity is an asset, not a flaw.) Most impressive and unexpected is the character of insurance-claims investigator Barton Keyes (Edward G. Robinson). Though Keyes functions like a detective, his role doesn't indulge in any "film-noir detective" clichés. Instead, he's the most real-seeming person in the movie: rumpled, gruff, blustering, detail-obsessed, highly conscientious, and very funny. And gradually, the film reveals that the relationship between Walter and Keyes is even more complex and interesting than that between Walter and Phyllis."Double Indemnity" will always be watched because of its role in establishing the conventions of film noir, but more importantly, it's still an entertaining movie--even if, sixty years later, it's sometimes entertaining for reasons the filmmakers never intended.
good Above everything else, this movie is a visual feast that stays true to the cartoon. I think it is really unfortunate that so many critics are complaining about the visuals in this movie, because I think that they are truly fantastic. I can safely say that I have never seen another movie like this one, and I feel that so many movies are going to try to do what this movie did. A lot of the visuals really are beautiful bursts of color similar to what you find on the busy streets of Tokyo, and this movie is aware of that. It is like they took Shibuya and made it a hundred times as big and colorful. Only someone who has been to Tokyo will know exactly what the Wachowskis were going for in this film. After all, it is based on a Japanese TV show.The acting is somewhat campy, but can also turn that gear into more serious acting. It can be funny, and then be heartwarming. Lots of the racing sequences are very over the top, but the movie knows it and does it well. The tracks are very creative, and I can only imagine how fun they were to design. If real racing was this exciting, I would watch it all the time. I can understand why this film made the race tracks so crazy, because who would really want to see two hours of regular race tracks with cars going around and around? The sound was also really impressive in this film. The sounds of the race cars were explosive and loud and if you see this movie in a good theater, it will make it that much better. The music is also very fitting and tasteful. Probably the only time I will hear "Freebird" without being annoyed.Also the politics in this movie were excellent as well. I feel above all the message of this movie is that money corrupts art. This movie portrays Speed as more of an artist than a race car driver. A big corporation wants to sponsor Speed, but Speed knows that corporations are evil and are only looking to make more money. He is very dedicated to his craft, and does not want to sell out. Speed knows that corporations corrupt art, and so does this movie. You will not see one piece of product placement in this whole film.So overall this movie is very self-aware. It wants to entertain, and it does exactly that. It wants to be different, and it does exactly that. Don't listen to those wimpy critics that didn't like this film because it gave them a headache. Many people said the same thing about Moulin Rogue, and that movie is fantastic too. Critics who complained about there being too much color should have brought a pacifier with them to the movies, because only babies would complain about how this film looks. Race to your theater to see it now.
good The critics are once again wrong. This is a good yakuza movie although there are better movies but I enjoyed this movie. It is slow going, building up characters. The climax and ending are good. Jared Leto is great in this movie, playing the silent but dangerous American who gets involved with the Yakuza. Leto's character is mysterious, maybe too mysterious. It would have been nice to understand his motivation and background. There is a small caveat to his former life but it is so small that it does not answer any questions except that's Leto's character is brutal. I didn't think this was the white savior type of movie like The Last Samurai. Please watch and support movies like this, movies that take a chance.
good  Truly the worst excuse for comedy ever created, imo. There is no analogy low enough to describe it. In fact, Netflix, if you raised the subscriber fee to make garbage like this, and continue, I'm out. Not worth the 1 star.
good  Even though there is more romance in Spider man 3 it's equaled out with the action that keeps you on the edge of your seat. MaryJane is a little betrayed by Peter Parker, feeling alone and probably envying the new publcity that spidey was getting falls into the arms of Spider Man's rival the New Green Goblin. Peter now finally comes to terms with being spider-man and knowing that he has a dark side too. Peter find himself asking the New Green Goblin for help fighting the Sandman and Venom. It comes to a startling end when the new green goblin comes to the rescue of both of his friends.Overall Topher Grace and James Franco are the two hottest guys in the movie. If you don't like the action these two guys are diffently worth watching on screen.
good  ...I am well aware that my summary line invites several retorts, and given the nature of my comment those retorts may very well be resoundingly, unanimously negative. If I say "This is one of the Best films I have ever seen..." One would think the immediate response would be, "Then you must not have seen many films in your time, dear boy." Butoh I have, and it has been far too long since there has been something up on that screen in the darkened theater that I enter to leave this boring, monotonous existence that had the capacity to inspire. To see the possibilities of what might be, what could never be, and what could happen if the leaders of the world keep things going in the directions that they are headed. V For Vendetta is just a film, yes? But it is also a wake up call of which there are not enough in this time we live in. It speaks directly to the hardship that we endure but seldom take notice of because we are distracted by things that do not matter...upon leaving the theater I saw people, teenagers mostly, the very people who should be pro-actively questioning the methodical erosion of this thing called government in the modern age, react with complete apathy. Most try so hard to be so outwardly different from the rest that they do not realize that in doing this they become just like everyone else; oblivious. We as a society do not want to see films like this, we do not want to acknowledge the atrocities going on in the world, all we want to do is play our video games, watch reality television, spend our money on clothes, jewelry, entertainment. Things that for all intents and purposes we do not need. These are the distractions that keep society from pondering in the wee hours of the night what they can do to prevent true injustice. The evils committed by those that govern are far worse than any fiction the cinema can dazzle us with these days. Yes this is a truly great film and one that I will cherish for a long time. I can only hope that its message finds a wide audience that is open to seeing things from another perspective, in a uniquely human light. In the end that is what the film is about...being human. Having the capacity to choose weather or not to recognize the evils of society and take a stand to make things better than they are. The film of course takes this idea to extremes but for the viewing public dramatic examples are needed to awake them from this artificially induced state of being we call existence and say, "I see there is wrong, and it is my duty as a human being to do what I can to make it right." To the makers of this unique and wonderful film, I salute you.
good Antonius Block - "Who are you?" Death - "I am Death." Antonius Block - "Have you come for me?" Death - "I have long walked by your side." Antonius Block - "So I have noticed."The Seventh Seal, considered by some to be Ingmar Bergman's greatest achievement, is the desperate prayer of a sensitive, introspective, and insightful young man confused by the horrors of the world around him. Ingmar Bergman's films are often very deep, full of symbolism, philosophy, spirituality, emotion, and thought. The Seventh Seal is classic Bergman. Expressing his fear of life with no meaning, death with no understanding, and faith with no validity, Ingmar Bergman takes us deep into the well of his mind.As the Black Plague ravages the world, a Antonius Block and his squire, Jons (Max Von Sydow and Gunnar Bjornstrand, respectively), return from fighting in the Crusades. They find their homeland devastated by the plague, their countrymen mad with fear, and their cause lost. Antonius Block is confronted by Death (Bengt Ekerot). Block challenges Death to a game of chess to provide him time to seek answers to the questions that plague his mind as Death has plagued his country. Death accepts, knowing that Block cannot escape his fate, and the two begin their game. As the story continues, Block and Jons meet with several testaments to the agony that the Black Death has brought upon their land. They find a young girl who is to be burned at the stake for having been with the Devil. They find madness in the eyes of all they meet, as everyone is convinced that God is angry and is punishing the world with the plague. They also find a small group of travelling actors, who appear to be the only souls to have remained sane in the midst of all of the death and fear. Block and Jons move across the countryside in the hopes of finding safety in Block's castle, but Death is always around the corner, biding his time.Brilliantly conceived, and stunningly executed, Bergman's vision is brought to the screen through Gunnar Fischer's powerful cinematography creating images that will likely remain with you for the rest of your life. Strong performances from everyone involved bring humanity to the film. Max Von Sydow's brave and conflicted Antonius Block matching wits with Bengt Ekerot's sinister, omnipotent Death is a microcosm of the forces at work in this breath-taking interpretation of the mortal struggle.A masterpiece!
good Hands down this is my favorite movie. (With the Sandlot in second place). My mom got this movie for me when i was about 12. I saw it the first time and realized that i had friends like that. The movie is definitely one every teenage kid should see. I think it is more of a movie for boys but girls can get out of it the same as the boys can. But the movie overall is great because its just about a four friends who have no experience with the "real world". They find out about a dead body and go in search to find it. At first they just do it to be famous and get a reward. But the quest of the boys throughout the movie reveal things that even themselves didn't know about. After it all, the boys find out about reality, and how it isn't glamorous. They realize that the body could of been them and they respect that. In my opinion the point of the movie was not to have you think of when you were 12 and your good friends but to think of what you have now, and what you do with it. In the end Gordie tells us what happens to each and how each kind of go their separate ways. (Such as the last scene of the movie). This is definitely a movie to not only rent but buy. I tip my hat to Reiner.
good  During the attack of the Empire's forces under the command of Darth Vader (David Prowse) to her spacecraft, the rebel Princess Leia Organa (Carrie Fisher) hides in the memory of R2-D2 the plans of the powerful Empire's Station Death Star that spies from the Rebel Alliance have stolen. She assigns the droid to deliver the plans to Obi-Wan Kenobi with a message to give the plans to the rebels. R2-D2 flees to the Planet Tatooine with his fellow C-3PO in a space pod and land on the desert, but they are captured by Jawa traders. They are sold to Owen Lars (Phil Brown) and when his nephew Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) is cleaning the droid, he accidentally activates part of the message and he wonders whether it would be addressed to the old Ben Kenobi. On the next morning, Luke discovers that R2-D2 is seeking out Obi-Wan Kenobi and he goes after him with C-3PO. They are attacked by the Tusken Raiders and saved by a drifter, who is Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi (Alec Guinness) that tells part of his past as Jedi to Luke. He also tells that his father was a Jedi Knight and gives a light-saber that belonged to his father to Luke. Obi-Wan invites Luke to travel with him to Alderaan and when he finds that his family was killed by the Imperial soldiers, he decides to join Obi-Wan in his quest. They head to Mos Esley to hire a skilled pilot and they team-up with the smugglers Han-Solo (Harrison Ford) and Chewbacca (Peter Mayhew). Meanwhile the evil Grand Moff Tarkin (Peter Cushing) orders to destroy the planet Alderaan to show the power of the Death Star to Leia and the rebels. Obi-Wan feels the impact in the Force and when the Millennium Falcon arrives at the destination, the group finds only debris. Further, a tractor beam pulls the spacecraft to the Death Star. What will happen to the group and Princess Leia? Will they succeed in delivering the information to the rebels?"Star Wars", later retitled "Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope" is the unforgettable and charming sci-fi adventure that surprised the world in 1977. The strategy of George Lucas that claimed that there was no technology available to the cinema industry in 1977 to produce the three first chapters was part of a marketing strategy that kept alive the interest of fans fro the whole six chapters, In sequence, great part of the mystery would not have raised. All the films are engaging, but none of them can beat this one rated #19 in IMDb. Harrison Ford in the top of his career and the cast show a wonderful chemistry. My vote is ten.Title (Brazil): "Star Wars: Episódio IV – Uma Nova Esperança" (Blu-Ray) ("Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope")
good The negative reviews of this film on IMDb seem to fall into two categories: a) it was too violent b) the fantasy element was too mutedWithout getting too political, worse things are going on in the world at this very moment than were depicted in this film. While many people prefer entertainment that insulates them from the harsh realities of this world, one shouldn't get so indignant when a film portrays the world for what it is. Capitán Vidal was a fictitious character, but there are plenty of people exactly like him. Humans are capable of terrible atrocities and looking the other way does nothing to improve our nature. If violence offends people so much they should do something about real violence rather than writing nasty reviews about depictions of it.The violence set a tone of desperation for Ofelia. Fairy tales themselves are extremely violent, and Disney cartoons are nothing like the stories they were based on. This film was rated R. What were you expecting?It is easier to understand people who thought the fantasy element was eclipsed, and were maybe hoping for another Narnia or one of the other countless fantasy flicks that has come out in the wake of LOTR. This film touched on many of the most fundamental themes of mythology, such as parallel worlds, dangerous tasks, hidden identities, sacrifice, and death. It did something more than the standard fantasy movie, which is part of why it was such a great film.
good  If you like Workaholics you'll like this. Lots of reviewers giving it bad reviews comparing it to all sorts, just like it for what it is. It's a comedy film and it made me laugh therefore it did it's job.
good Went to see Mamma Mia without particularly high expectations. Not being a big connoisseur (or even fan) of musicals, I didn't really know what to expect. Though I adore ABBA, I never bothered to watch the stage production of Mamma Mia. But having a cinema membership, I didn't have much to lose (no money, at least), so I went for it. And boy, am I glad that I did! I can safely say that I enjoyed every second of it. And I'm not even ashamed to admit it!Give Meryl Streep another Oscar and get it over with already. If she could get a nod for the Devil Wears Prada, she definitely deserves one for this. She really let her hair down on this one. Mrs. Streep can obviously not pass for a trained singer, but somehow, it just doesn't seem to matter. It just really worked in the movie (unlike -say- Helena Bonham Carter's singing in Sweeney Todd). When I heard Meryl's rendition of "The winner takes it all" in advance, it lowered my expectations considerably, but in its context, it totally made sense.Most of all though, this movie was just sheer fun. People were clapping, laughing...Rarely have I seen an audience as enthusiastic. The crowd especially responded well to Meryl and her two cronies (arguably the strongholds of the movie). Also, because I had never seen the musical before, I was amazed (and amused) at the inventive ways in which they managed to incorporate so many ABBA-songs. Equally brilliant was the way the extras (usually some Greek old women) were deployed throughout the movie...And then of course the setting (beautiful Greece) was mesmerizing...Basically, Mamma Mia is a superb musical that doesn't take itself too seriously. If you're just a little bit crazy and want to have a good laugh, if you love ABBA, want to see Meryl Streep like you've never seen her before or if you simply have a secret crush on Colin Firth and/or Pierce Brosnan (his singing was nothing short of hilarious), you will LOVE this movie. Best summer flick so far. Warmly recommended.
good  I've seen way too many thrillers. You name it: "Identity", "Seven", "The Usual Suspects", etc., etc., etc. I remember my friend being so obsessed with "Silence of the Lambs", that it drove me crazy. And I hated the movie naturally and refused to see it. But everyone told me that I have to see this, so I let my guard down. And had an open mind, and I'm glad I did. My friend was right, this is a great movie. It is so well acted, I couldn't even describe. I loved "Silence of the Lambs" and would recommend it to anyone. It's creepy and exciting. Trust me, you'll love it.10/10
good  Solid flick with some fast paced action. I know the narrative is a little straight forward but who cares. It was a fun ride, and Mamoa's in it!
good It looks most of the negative reviews here are all politically motivated. I wish people who claim others are snowflakes or oversensitive would stop being offended by everything to the point that it dominants their opinion on everything. This is a slick, well done, unique take on the superhero genre.It deals with modern day issues, speaks in a contemporary language, and shows evil from a perspective very rarely attended to in superhero story telling. It manages both camp and realism. Look, the world is changing, trying to silence or mitigate it thru baseless negativity will not change reality. Reality is this is a good show.
good I'm not a zombie movie fan but I am a huge Matt Smith and Pride & Prejudice fan so I felt the need to see Pride & Prejudice & Zombies. I try to retain the image of MS as the Doctor so I haven't watched anything else he has played in but because the two afore mentioned worlds collided I HAD to see this movie and I was not disappointed! I found it easy to look around the obvious plot holes and simply enjoyed hearing the old familiar lines spoken in such a different setting/atmosphere with MS's performance being the icing on the cake. This movie is not award winning but it is very entertaining and I only had to look away a couple of times.....
good I don't like musicals. They never made any sense to me. Don't get me wrong, I love music; it's an important part of my life. I love movies also, and while the two often compliment each other, sometimes I'm repelled. It's probably the dancing. A person breaking into a complicated dance number, seemingly unaware of their surroundings, or worse yet, in complete synch with a complete stranger is like making fun of the movie, as if to say, "Please don't take us seriously, we like to sing and dance." Or even more ridiculous, "Let's not fight, let's settle this dispute with a song and dance." Forget about suspension of disbelief.This film however, I manage to enjoy. I once was given the task of my film teacher to watch the film and keep track of all the cuts in the film. Well, sometime after ten minutes I lost track because I was so wrapped up in the story. It really is an interesting period in the history of cinema, told well, and with well placed song and dance numbers that at times drag on, but that seems to be more of an excuse to show off the technicolour than anything else. They build you up to it slowly. The first few numbers don't break out at an inappropriate time. It doesn't last though, but by then they've got you.With such memorable tunes as these, it's hard to imagine them going wrong. When Gene Kelly sings the title piece, somehow time stands still as you're swept up in one of the most memorable scenes in film history. Just reading the title in print has likely caused you to hum a few bars, or sing a few words. Or maybe, just maybe, walk out without an umbrella when you know it's raining. One thing's for sure, if all Gene Kelly did was choreograph the dance numbers, he more than deserves the co-directing credit he has.They simply don't make films like this anymore. Which in some ways is a testament to the film's theme and narrative. The business of show is constantly in a state of evolution. The narrative portrays a time period when silent films were being replaced by "talkies" with sound, yet the musical genre itself has almost all but disappeared with the exception of animated films with musical numbers, and rare live-action pieces.One might speculate that Hollywood overdid the musical. Personally, I can't get into them. Most of the time it seems like a drawn out affair, but this film is something special. Considering my feelings about musicals, it would have to take a film of this one's caliber to make me sit up and take notice.
good Set during Franco's mopping up exercise after the Spanish Civil War, Guillermo Del Toro's Pan's Labyrinth is a wonderful, dark fairy tale that, in a metaphor for Spain itself, teeters on the edge of nightmare dreamscapes of corruption, violence and the death of innocents.This film is definitely not for young children. Although the fantasy sequences are gorgeously realised, and are fairy tales in the truest sense (in that they are dark, fey, dangerous and violent), most of the story (about three quarters of it, in fact) exists outside of the dreamland, in the even more frightening (and sometimes shockingly violent) world of a real life struggle of ideas and ideology.Sergi Lopez is excellent as the brutal (and possibly sadistic) Falangist Captain tasked with routing out the remaining leftists from the woods and hills of Northern Spain. Into this precarious situation come his new wife (a widow of a former marriage, who is carrying his son) and his stepdaughter Ofelia (played to absolute perfection, by the then 11 year old, Ivana Baquero).Uncomfortable with her new surroundings, suspicious of her stepfather and desperately concerned about the worsening condition of her mother, Ofelia uncovers a strange alternative world, and the chance to escape forever the pain and uncertainty of her everyday life.Thus the film alternates between the world of Civil War Spain and the increasingly bizarre, dark and frightening world of the Pan's Labyrinth. As the twin plots progress, they intertwine, with the tasks of Ofelia becoming the choices faced by a Spain at the crossroads. The poignancy of the film lies partly in the fact that the victories of the child are reflected so starkly by the failures of the adult world.Apparently Pan's Labyrinth won a 20-minute standing ovation at Cannes, when it was shown. This may be a little bit over the top. I suspect when the furore has died down some will choose to swing the pendulum back and criticise it for its more obvious faults. Much of the film is derivative. There are few ideas in the film's magical dreamworld that haven't been seen before. There are also few ideas in the film's depiction of the Civil War that can't be read in Satre or Orwell; can't be viewed in Picasso's Guernica; or can't be watched in Land and Freedom.For all the evident truth of these observations, to accept them would be to entirely miss the majesty of Pan's Labyrinth, which doesn't lie in its originality but its absolute mastery of execution. People will watch Pan's Labyrinth in a way that most won't watch Land and Freedom. In doing so, they will also discover a world of fairy tales which existed before Disney sunk its claws into them: a dangerous world, where nothing is as it seems and every step is a possible death  a place which may leave even adults shivering under the duvet, part in terror, part in wonder. And all this backed up by the finest cinematography I've seen.The only real faults I am prepared to allow for this film is a slight tendency (particularly at the end) for a Narnia-like moralism, and the fact that the faun is, perhaps, is not quite wild enough! These are eminently forgivable, though. This is easily the best film I've seen this year, and a must see on the big screen.
bad Easily the worst movie I've seen in the last 10 years.
bad This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.What is the purpose of this movie? A bunch of Americans enters Nazi-occupied France and starts slaughtering Germans. You see them scalping their enemies and beating them to death with baseball bats. While making jokes, of course.Some will say that this movie is a parody of a certain genre. For a parody, it is neither witty nor funny. The contents is zero. It is exceptionally brutal and disgusting. Underneath lies a subtle political message, because it is again "the good guys" killing "bad Nazis". The whole plot is unthinkable if you turn it around. Could you imagine a storyline where Nazis (while making jokes) kill everybody in the Warsaw ghetto with flamethrowers? Probably not, but this movie is exactly about that, with the exception that is satisfies the weird moral expectations of a certain audience: slaughtering people is so cool when done by the right people.This movie only works because of the hidden Nazi-ideology underneath. It does not regard the enemy as people. And if the latter is supposed to be an element of the fun, I am happy to say that this kind of fun will always remain a mystery to me.Another mystery is how such violence can fascinate the American crowd while a bit of nudity will freak them out. But if a naked body is pornography, this movie with all its brutality is pure pornography at its very worst.Inglorious Basterds is a pointless, boring and tasteless waste of time and money.
bad Going into this I didn't have high expectations. If you haven't heard, the "stars" of the film aren't actors. They are the guys who actually lived the story. I knew this going into the film, and I was still shocked at how jarring an experience it was to watch regular guys act on the big screen. Don't get me wrong, I certainly couldn't do any better. Not to mention, I haven't done anything in my life anyone should make a movie about. So why did I see this? Well I have moviepass and had nothing to do on a Saturday at noon. So here we are. Unless you are in a similar situation I would recommend you pass.
bad This could have been amazing if it was written by a writer as good as those on The Good Wife. That, and if they'd hired an actress as lead who can actually act. She is painfully awful. I don't ever review things, but she drove me to it with tonight's episode. In addition, it's another show where the "ace detective" is approximately 25-26 years old, which I find ridiculous. There's not even any "veteran" officers in her department, and the captain is damn young, too.All of that would have been easy to dismiss if the show weren't written so poorly, and had used Alan Cumming in a way that best showcases his talent. This puerile nonsense is breathtakingly awful, and she gets worse and more wooden by the episode.
bad The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2 is the fifth and final film in the Twilight film series, adapted from Stephenie Meyer's novel "Breaking dawn" and the sequel to Breaking Dawn - Part 1. It stars Kristen Stewart, Robert Pattinson and Taylor Lautner retaining their lead roles as Bella Swan, Edward Cullen and Jacob Black. Also returning are Billy Burke, Ashley Greene, Michael Sheen, Dakota Fanning, Peter Facinelli, Jamie Campbell Bower, Nikki Reed, Kellan Lutz, Maggie Grace, Jackson Rathbone, Christopher Heyerdahl, Elizabeth Reaser, Booboo Stewart and Julia Jones. Mackenzie Foy appears as Reneesme, the daughter of Bella and Edward.The plot of this second part (which is definitely NOT a money-making scheme by the way guys) is that The Volturi (vampire police) find out about the kid and think it is a vampire, so start walking as slowly as they can from Italy to North-West America over a couple of months, conveniently giving the Cullens plenty of time to build up forces and defences. Bella will then do anything to protect her child from them, causing the Ultimate Showdown of Destiny.However, that is not true. They could have condensed all five films into an hour-long TV film featured occasionally on the Syfy channel, omitting as much as possible. As with previous films, nothing much happens, with plenty of staring, people holding hands, kids touching people's faces, pale, creepy men making weird noises, incomprehensible zooming-in on body parts and/or inanimate objects and a new addition, lots of faces being ripped off. Although there is no blood here, to allow as many people as possible to contribute to the obscene amounts of money being made by the 'films.' As per every Twilight film, I tried to give this one a chance. No such luck however. Within the first 5 minutes, there is everything that makes a Twilight "film" - sub-par, emotionless and frankly diabolical acting, inane, banal and boring dialogue and some horrible visual effects. When the vampires jump, they are clearly small, poor CGI models and the directing, green-screen shots and general camera-work is poor. Now, into -----SPOILER ZONE-----about half an hour of the end of the film, the whole 'final battle' section, is simply a vision. Around 70% of the cast members have their faces/other body parts ripped off or die when a convenient river of lava opens at the bottom of a field of snow, with plenty of screams and gasps from the audience as their favourite character is quickly killed off. However, all of this just turns out to be a future vision. Which means, if you cut out any parts of the film not in the present, it is 90 minutes of vampires from various places showing off abilities-----END OF SPOILER ZONE-----The only redeeming factors were one very funny Wilhelm scream, which no one else in the cinema seemed to appreciate, one or two slightly funny lines that may have non-Twihards curling the corner of their mouths a bit, and slightly improved acting.
bad Very Disappointed. It was confusing especially the ending. I expected something better but maybe because I didn't read the book it wasn't that great?? All I can say was not worth the money or the time. Greatly disappointed. please don't waste your time and money! Honestly your better off renting Groundhog Day at home with popcorn. Wish I didn't see it.
bad This is the most generic, formulaic, recycled CBS Generic Formula Show I've seen since I accidentally witnessed CSI Cyber. Despite the fresh face of the lead and suspicious whippersnappers making up half the cast, the CBS Idea Generator (a bucket left out too long during a CSI shoot) manage to simply recreate all the same old, tired landfill rejects that have been entertaining computer illiterate baby boomers for the past 15 years. It's got George Eads! That's CBS Ratings Gold! Now they're sure to get all the aged viewership that makes up the bulk of their viewing catalog. The computer tech talk is once again painfully atrocious gibberish. If a Bronze Age farmer traveled to 2016 and saw computers, then told his village about it and the village storyteller passed down epic songs about computers that were eventually put into written form and translated to English during the 1800s and then used as a reference manual for writers, that would probably be less gibberish. But with a target viewership mostly of retirees and those on the home stretch towards it, CBS really doesn't need to actually write anything comprehensible when it comes to computers. After all, CBS just figures middle aged and old people are too frightened by technology to know the first thing about it. Surely none of them are smart enough to know better, so just keep picking words at random out of the bucket.The painfully stereotyped support team just makes things worse. Every character is Generic Stock Character that's been overused in TV and movies. I'm embarrassed for CBS that they can't think beyond character ideas that were outdated before Blackberries stopped being cool.Now, I liked the original show a lot and was really looking forward to a reboot. I think they made a mistake doing a show based on MacGyver's younger days working for the government. Not just because it was an instant CBS Generic Formula Show, but because younger audiences know this is just propaganda fantasy. They stopped buying The Man Is The Good Guys trope long before NCIS suddenly was excited about all the great things NSA surveillance can do. This is the kind of fantasy believed by people who never cracked history texts after 12th grade. The kind of stuff I really wish was true, but can't bring myself to watch because images from Heart Mountain still haunt my dreams. MacGyver as a government tool? Do you know MacGyver, bro?But the worst part of all that isn't that it's propaganda fantasy it's that it's REALLY BAD propaganda fantasy! There's just no excuse for the unmitigated garbage fire that was so bad, my DVR literally crashed in the middle and erased all the episodes to spare me more misery.
bad I've always thought that there must be a very good reason for a movie to last 3 hours. Wolf of wall street does last 3 hours but there no shadow of a good reason for it. It could have lasted 1 hour and it would have been already too long.It is difficult to summarize all the things I didn't like but let's try:1- Characters development is simply not existent. There is no depth, just one-dimension flat characters that only do drugs, sex, and money. I am not against showing drugs or sex or money in a movie, if it helps the plot. But in this case, it didn't. It was 2 hours of absolute useless display of all the possible debaucheries on earth, without them helping in building up the characters. 2- If a guy manages to build up an empire based on a fraud, I'd like to see what happens to his victims too, and, sorry if I am not a master of Wall street, but I'd like to have 5 minutes of the movie spent in explaining what was this fraud about. 3- If the guy, once again, not only builds his own empire, but also drags other people in that, I suppose he must have some smartness, or intelligence, or be a master manipulator.. whatever it is, it cannot be just (once again) cocaine and prostitute. If they wanted to depict the guys as villains, they failed miserably. 4- the only relatively interesting part (the trial etc) is cut to 30-45 minutes max. Once again, I supposed it could have been a good chance to show some introspection of the characters, some development..something! But no, once again, nothing. We only notice that now the beer is not alcoholic. So sad. 5-Finally, DiCaprio performance: he did his job, probably, but he was alway over the top (and not in a good sense). Too much of everything, to the point that he fell into being ridiculous more than believable.Ah, one last note. Wall Street? Where is it in all the story? I expected to see some connections to WS in fact, like what was going on in the meantime but there is - sorry to repeat myself- basically nothing about it.
bad This is the second Snow White adaptation released this year except this one is designed as an action, adventure. Both are not quite outstanding but they gave some interesting twists to the story. Unfortunately, there is something gold about this but it cares too much to the visuals than anything else. There are also scenes that are taken from other fantasy, epic movies. It's good looking, but good looking is not always enough.The twist is pretty interesting. The Evil Queen's tragic past, more significance to The Huntsman, turning Snow White into a gritty protagonist. Though the dwarfs are the same in Tarsem Singh's version. These elements could have made this a memorable and fresh adaptation, but they just threw these things to the film lazily. The plotting is mediocre which made the second act a bit boring. The action is nothing but looking good. It looks fascinating but you'll rarely see a real fight.You already know what Kristen Stewart and Chris Hemsworth will do but the audiences are more interested to Charlize Theron's performance. She sort of hammed it up when in rage but she does it pretty well in the rest. Another attraction to this is the visuals. Like I said, it's too pretty. It's never wrong for the visuals to be pretty especially to a film called Snow White. It's too pretty, they already careless about the plot. Decided to choose the generic way. Heroes meeting new friends, settle down, fight, settle down. Just waiting for the climax to come without any much development.I'm starting to think when I first saw it, it's like Ridley Scott's Robin Hood. It's an old tale with a charismatic protagonist turned into a gritty one, but this one is a bit different. It refuses to be gritty and wants to be pretty and generic. The real action is few, the effect of drama is limited. The visuals can be spellbinding but anything else is just empty. There is a good story in the film but it's told in a generic way with a generic plot and filled with stuff that is borrowed from other films. One might enjoy it by its looks but if you care for more than that then it will be unsatisfying. Snow White and the Huntsman can be part of those clichéd modern fantasy movies like Clash of the Titans, Conan The Barbarian, and Immortals. But at least this film is the best of its kind. It's not bad nor good. It's just a waste of potential of a new good film.
bad I'm starting to suspect there's some mass cultural delusion effect at work here, and in a few decades time people will come to realise that it is, in fact, just about as bad as a film can be and is easily the weakest of Nolan's Batman trilogy. Let's explore why.1. Why is Marion Cotillard in this film? This is the wrong role for her. Her death sequence was a masterclass in bad acting. And if you didn't see the obvious twist that she was Talia after a whole movie of hanging around conspicuously it's time for a sight test.2. That blonde Selina was hanging around with really heavily implied Catwoman was a lesbian, or bisexual if you count her shoehorned-in fleeting kisses with Bruce. Why?3. The movie is filled with pointless characters. "Here's a new major or minor character, we'll stop the plot dead in it's tracks while they give dull exposition about their past and their motivations". This happened at least half a dozen times. In the case of Bane it would have been justified... if they had told his backstory all at once, not tediously dragged it out.4. Why did a nuclear reactor core contain a red countdown clock? Did Lucius Fox know that it would be hijacked, and made life easier for the hijackers by letting them know when it would explode? More irritating is how characters in the film keep mentioning there's a bomb and saying how many days/hours remain, like they have forgotten.5. There is no tangible sense of time, of scale, or of anything at stake. I was waiting for the movie to establish a sense of what really mattered. Would it create a real feeling of being in Gotham? It never did: it became more convoluted and confusing instead. I never got the feeling there were millions of lives at stake or that there was anything worth caring about.6. The movie takes itself too seriously. It was a gloomy dirge of self-pity and heavy-handed, lazy commentary about current affairs, with that stupid pounding music score pulsing along underneath ratcheting up the tension because the writing couldn't.7. Robin was written in so he could take on the mantle of Gotham's leading superhero at the end. The other things he did were things Jim Gordon could have done if the movie hadn't put him in a hospital bed. Getting rid of Robin would have also dispensed with the pointless subplot where he is trying to save a busload of orphans. I rolled my eyes at that one.8. In other versions of Batman, Bane is huge because he's on a supersteroid called Venom. In Rises it is never really explained, despite the fact he was a tiny child when he escaped the well prison. His death sequence was also terrible; the film spends so much time building him up as some kind of badass Batman can't beat, then he dies with relative ease.9. The sound mixing was terrible. Even characters that didn't have a stupid mask with batteries taped on the front (Bane) were, at times, very hard to hear. Considering how many millions were spent it really should have had reference quality surround sound audio.10. Chris Nolan is not good at directing this type of picture. In all of the Nolan Batman films (including Batman Begins, which I like despite this problem) he doesn't seem to know how to direct scenes, whether they are action, quiet drama or a mix of both. Camera placement is all wrong. The "Bane and Batman slug it out on a rusty walkway" scene feels claustrophobic despite the fact it's supposed to be some kind of huge fighting pit. It might as well be taking place inside a vacuum.11. Jim Gordon in his infinite wisdom stops what he thinks is the bomb truck with... a regular passenger coach, which would have broken apart under the weight.12. Gary Oldman cannot hold his American accent for even one scene.13. Batman is a plot device, not a character. It used to be something special when the cape and cowl were on. But the way Nolan has shot Batman here never made me feel he was the last bastion of justice in a corrupt city, powerful enough to keep criminals at bay with both his mind and his fists. He's one-dimensional and boring.14. Despite the fact Alfred mentions how underprepared Bruce his, despite the fact Bruce's doctor tells him he has no knees, all he does is strap a bionic movement device to one of his legs and is suddenly sprightly enough to be Batman again.15. Plenty of other problems the internet already covered.CONCLUSIONThere's no weight or levity to The Dark Knight Rises because characters and objects jump to where the poorly-constructed plot requires them to be, as if they were beamed there by a Star Trek transporter. The balance of the real and the exaggerated was just right in Batman Begins but in this one it bounces from set piece to boring drama scene and back again with no sense of cohesion, logic or grace. It's a complete mess.On the other hand, maybe it is a great movie and I just can't see it. Or maybe when the cultural zeitgeist changes direction everyone not so close to it and not hyped up to breaking point will see it's not all that. Time will tell.SUMMARY1. It's everything that was bad about The Dark Knight ramped right up.2. It's everything that was good about Batman Begins removed or neutered.3. It wastes good actors and a pretty large budget.4. It is joyless and illogical.5. It is one of the worst films I have ever seen.But it's not all bad: at least it wasn't available in 3D!
bad Well done the marketing department for creating a buzz around this film. The first comments I read in the newspapers said this was an uplifting life affirming experience. So how come my husband and I left the cinema feeling thoroughly depressed with the ending. The film was slow, boring and didn't have much to say. The opening sequence looked promising but turned out to be an unconnected piece of entertainment that wasn't repeated in the movie. It was left to Stone and Gosling to stumble along with short bits of dancing and very shaky vocals. Didn't detect any magical reaction from the audience who shuffled out in silence. Don't believe the hype this is a just OK film probably a 5.4 rating would be nearer the truth.
bad I saw this the same night as the latest film by my favorite filmmaker and I must admit that this held its own.Sure, the story is silly and there are the requisite two lessons for children. All the shots with the parents could have been replaced with a dialog card so far as I care. But this is highly cinematic in a fine-grained sense. Coursegrained long form would be the cinematic values of that Peter Greenaway film, where the narrative has substance and is cast cinematically. The contrast is shocking, with this Wachowski business seeming to be mere busy style.But look again. There's real value in how the story is told even though the story is as close to vacuous white noise as possible. In fact, there's a statement there that matters. This movie is about movie-making. The watchers of the "race" are watchers of the movie. Its a simple fold. I consider this the best of the brothers' films because their sometimes intriguing plots distract from their deeper intent. That intent is to visually explore what it means to watch. Sure, those plots are about watching as well. But people watch "The Matrix" and build religions around the story mechanics as if they matter. Previously, "Bound" was my favorite Wachowski film because it suppressed the noise of the story so as to equal the expression of that story in terms of the eye, the desire of eye.These folks are to Welles as Coltrane is to Getz. They run riffs whose patterns are derived from the languid, meaningfilled studies of what went before, but which are presented so quickly you cannot possibly comprehend the fullness with which they were originally loaded.That overloading of serious visual grammar has an immediate effect: that we are really there instead of digesting something filtered to be simple enough for us to understand. But there's a deeper effect: there is so much motion here, so many paths we can choose from to decide what we see, that there's a sort of tease between the film and our mind about what options they will present  and what tricks they will use to suggest paths to comprehension. And on our part to discard, to race ahead of the track suggested, to speed ahead and get to the end before even the movie. I consider this serious work, and an advance in film grammar that possibly will be profound.Ted's Evaluation -- 3 of 3: Worth watching.
bad I had high expectations was sorely disappointed the actors are all good the story line it's just weak its all redundant of previous police shows well maybe next time they will get it right and come up with a better script it would have been better if they developed the characters more would give it more of a human content
bad On what grounds does this movie have 6,9 rating on IMDb? This insults the intelligence. Shailene Woodley has no character and acts like she is first time in front of the camera. Action is meaningless. This is what happens when you run out of ideas. 45 minutes before the end I wanted to quit, but...I did not do it. Why? Because I had hoped it will improve, and then... nothing. This is the most honest opinion about this movie that I was able to give you. Now, I'm asking you, do you have 119 minutes of your life to waste? Oh what, you do not believe me? No problem! Just remember what I told you and come back after you watch this piece of abomination. As regards of Kate Winslet, first I have to say that I'm fan of her earlier works, but this is something else. This she did not need. A huge step backwards in her career. As someone (Author: siderite from Romania) already said: "Bad enough to make one doubt IMDb ratings forever".
bad I recently saw Adam Devine's "When We First Met" Netflix Original, which I thought was funny and cute, but I found "Game Over, Man!" to be funnier than the other one. Adam Devine is such a funny actor and always plays the same character in every movie he does, but it's good if you like him. His friends in the movie were from the show "Workaholics." The plot is similar to "The Belko Experiment" where a large group of people are locked in a building and one must die every so often, but with a comedy aspect. You'll enjoy this movie if you like Adam Devine or R-rated comedies.
bad I have no Idea what to even start with about what was wrong with this movie. Apart from the obvious Richard Nixon voice Batman has had in every movie of this trilogy, now we also have a villain we can barely understand .They sit there and expect us to believe that with all the time Bruce Wayne spent training and all the time he spent with Ra's Al Ghul he doesn't even know who his daughter is who is very high up in the League?Then they use the classic bomb going to blow up the city. The bomb that was built to be a fusion reactor. So why does it have a clear LED display of the time on it? And why after flying it in reality about 2 miles off the coast no one is hurt. There is no radiation. No title wave from the ocean. Just a cloud.Then lets look at the spare Batmobiles that the enemies have. I find it really hard to believe that I could blow up a batmobile with only one missile yet his is pretty much indestructible.Then when Bruce escapes prison he magically shows up in a town with only one bridge that is guarded by the military. There were so many aspects of the movie where things just happened. And we have no choice but to accept them.The biggest problem of all though, Robin. Why the people in the movie I was in cheered when she said his name was Robin I'll never know. Let's see what the main parts they got wrong were. Obviously the name. His parents dying's back-story was nowhere near right. Robin was a trapeze artist not a detective. I don't know why people like this movie. Maybe because they are supposed to who knows. But if you are a true fan out there then you will most likely hate this film for the crap it is.This movie didn't feel like a Batman movie to me. There was no gadgets, no detective work, no anything. Only thing that this movie taught me is that now I know for a fact. DC cannot do special effects and in the movie industry will always fall short to fans.
bad It's off to a slow start. Borderline on the dull side.I will give it another couple episodes and see what happens.
bad In a Post-War Tokyo, when the bureaucratic chief of department of the City Hall Kanji Watanabe (Takashi Shimura) finds that he has a terminal cancer, he decides to intensively live his last months of life. While dying, he finds the meaning of life, and fights for the construction of a playground in a poor zone of the city and the legacy of his existence."Ikiru" is another beautiful movie of Master Akira Kurosawa. The story is very touching and shows the lifestyle of Japan in the 50's. The performance of Takashi Shimura is amazing and heartbreaking, in the role of a man that finds that he spent his life for nothing: his son, motive of his sacrifice, does not care for him and his unproductive job does nothing but useless paperwork and a pejorative nickname of "Mummy". In the end, a wonderful message that never is too late to live, watch the sunset and plant a seed of love. My vote is nine.Title (Brazil): "Viver" ("To Live")
bad I only had one thought on my mind for this Christmas: see Django Unchained. Quentin Tarantino's latest opus, a Western set two years before the Civil War, concerns a former slave named Django (Jamie Foxx). He is freed by bounty hunter Dr. King Shultz (Christoph Waltz) in order to help him with a bounty. Quite quickly, Shultz takes Django under his wing and trains him as his partner. But he made him a promise: that he would rescue his wife from a plantation owned by the ruthless Calvin Candie (Leonardo DiCaprio). And rescuing her is not going to be all that easy.What pains me the most about Django Unchained, as a die-hard Tarantino fan, is just how sloppy it all seems. I enjoyed every minute of it, but I could never shake the feeling of how messy and thrown together it all feels. Portions of the film feel episodic (the search for the Brittle Brothers, mentioned heavily in the trailers, begins and ends practically within minutes), and some scenes just seem to play out just for the fun of it. Another scene from the trailers involving a lynch mob with bags covering their faces seems added for comedic purposes, and has no real point of actually existing. More than any of his films before it, Django feels like Tarantino simply making a movie for sheer pleasure and with no outside motivations or controllers. The film threatens to go totally off the rails at any given moment, and lacks any real sense of direction or focus. It may sound ridiculous, but the loss of editor Sally Menke confirms a sneaking suspicion I always had about Tarantino – he needed a steady right hand to help encourage him as to what was needed and what was not. I do not want to criticize Django's editor Fred Raskin, but it is obvious he is no Menke and that works against the film heavily. It lacks the polish we have come to expect, and is practically stripped of the glossy/cool texture so prevalent in Tarantino's work up until now.But then maybe that was his intention all along, and perhaps Tarantino is airing out his frustrations with life and film in general. Django is deliberately shot on film (or at least from the print I saw), and looks very gritty and messy at all times. It is significantly more brutally violent than anything he has worked on before (the borderline cartoonish Kill Bill included), and has a very go for broke attitude about itself. The film seems to revel in how brilliantly it can splatter all the blood and gore (done through the use of squibs and no digital!), and how uncomfortably numbing it can make the violence. I know he does not care what people think of his films, but this movie especially seems like an emphatically raised middle finger to the establishment. And for all of my complaints about how messy it all feels, I was never once bored or felt like the movie was dragging itself out. The staggering 165-minute running time shockingly flies by faster than you might ever imagine.Acting wise, Tarantino stacks the deck with a number of recognizable character actors young and old for roles that vary in size. Most have very few lines, if any at all, and seem to just stand by, just as content as the audience is to watch the action unfold. It is a little off-putting, especially with how important some of these characters are initially made out to be. Washington as Broomhilda von Shaft (one of the most subtle references he's ever dropped) does well as the helpless victim and frequent dreamlike object – but she never really gets to show off any of her acting prowess outside of her facial reactions. They are increasingly effective, especially during horrific flashback scenes. But her work here feels ridiculously stunted in comparison to the other leads. Samuel L. Jackson, much like Tarantino himself, seems to just be having fun in his role as Candie's adviser Stephen. He plays on every ridiculous stereotype he ever has been associated with and then amps it up to a near ludicrous state. He is frequently hilarious, but the role seems to border on parody more than anything else.Surprisingly, Foxx takes a very long time settling into the leading role. It may just be the character, but it is quite clear from the on- set that he is not very comfortable in Django's shoes, and leads credence to why Will Smith, amongst so many others, dropped out of the picture so quickly. But once he finds his footing, he does a fantastic job walking the thin line between empathetic and sadistic. It is not an easy character to play, but Foxx makes it his own, bringing a sense of style and grace that are virtually absent from the rest of the film. And of course, he gets all the best lines.Waltz and DiCaprio are the clear standouts however, nailing every nuance of their sadly underwritten characters. While Waltz plays the straight man, DiCaprio is delightfully unhinged and vicious. Both are playing directly against type, yet are strangely comfortable in the roles. Watching them act circles around the rest of the cast, Foxx included, is the true highlight of the film. I just wish they were both given additional emphasis and more to do. For all of its numerous faults, I had a blast watching Django Unchained. It is hilarious, it is a lot of fun, and is wildly enjoyable. I genuinely think it could have been a lot better if there was more focus and direction, but this is very clearly a picture Tarantino wanted to make on his own terms. And for that, I applaud him for the effort. It is not his best work, but certainly not his worst. 8/10.
bad This show fails on every level. The acting is stiff, the costumes are cheesy and the CGI is awful. The drama, or the lack thereof, is so poorly done that it makes sitting through the show boring. Regarding Lockjaw, the CGI is poorly done which makes the character stick out and thus makes him not believable. Overall, the show is a big miss. 2/10.
bad To anyone who misrepresented this movie as being worth more than 3 stars simply because it had a decent cast... I'll make the wild assertion that you don't know what a decent "crime-drama-thriller" is. It wasn't thrilling. It wasn't drama. It was just a crime. You could have bigger thrills holding your breath until you pass out from lack of intelligence. It was like Three terrible episodes of Law-and-Order without the good parts, topped off with a weak ending. I hope Hugh Jackman hates this movie. {PAD} {PAD} {PAD} (Attempts to pad the comment with junk words can result in your account being blocked from future submissions.) This movie wasn't worth 10 lines of text.
bad First to understand Gandhi's principles you must read his autobiography. He has admitted in his book that he was having sex while his father was dying. He admitted this when he was  known as Mahatma (a great soul). Who can dare to admit such a thing. He vowed that he will never lie in his life. Is it possible for you and me not to lie in life? He took vow about his cloths and wore same cloths (he was half naked in those cloths) while he was in London in winter!!!  Just imagine a freedom fight against Britain without any kind of weapon or violence!!! And he was successful. He gave freedom to India without any army. In fact his principles should be followed in today's world. I must say this movie was not enough to describe his principle. He was more than movie GANDHI. No body can capture his principles in a movie. For me he is like GOD because of his principles.GANDHI: " My life is my message". " I have nothing new to teach this world, truth and non- violence are as old as hills".
bad There are already ...261 (!) reviews for this B (or maybe C?) movie that came out only 2 months ago and that means something, i think.First of all this is a remake of the movie "Death Game (1977)" starring Sondra Locke and Colleen Camp. The 2 women are serving as producers in the 2015 version while Colleen Camp also stars in a minor role.This is Camp-y movie (pun intended!) with a lot of torture horror and a couple (mild in my opinion) erotic scenes. The 2 main actresses Lorenza Izzo and Ana de Armas look crazy enough but Keanu Reeves's performance leave a lot to be desired. Maybe we have used to see him as a hero (from the Matrix to John Wick) and we cannot accept to watch him being lame and weak.There is obviously a moral here, but the question "who could resist" is also strongly present.As a movie it's OK and you might have some fun watching it, but if you can't stand movies where the "hero" does all the wrong moves maybe you should avoid it. The direction of photography is bright and that's a plus, but if you are a careful viewer you will find a lot of goofs including numerous continuity errors which could ruin some of the fun.In the end you might want for the movie to last a couple of minutes more to see the outcome or even the true motives of what just happened...Overall: Not as bad as most of the other 261 reviews might want you to believe. (Some of them compare Keanu Reeves's recent choices to those of Nicolas Cage, so they might be driven by some hate). See it if you want a light campy thriller for the evening.
bad LIKES:-Consistent Pace-The Ending-Katt WilliamsDISLIKES:-Predictable-Lazy Writing-Ruined by Trailers-Not using Glenn Close MoreSummary: Father Figures is a simplistic comedy, designed to provide some low to medium laughs to get you through the holiday season. While cute at some parts, the movie is a paternal scavenger hunt with predictable plot twists that are only relieved by a well-done ending that has the emotional zest. My favorite components of Katt Williams, Christopher Walken and Glenn Close are underutilized and their unique comedy is lost to the lazy use of curse heavy dialogue. Even worse, the movie suffers from becoming stale due to over use of trailers with approximately 50% of the comedy ruined with the use of the first trailer. Ironically the only surprises from the trailers are scene deletions and de-censoring the lines to be a little more adult. Father Figures is good for a quick laugh, but your money is best spent on another selection of the cavalcade of movies to release this holiday season. My scores are:Comedy: 5.0Movie Overall: 4.0
bad Is it cheesy? Yes it is. However, it's also a classic among 90's children shows. MMPR became an instant hit among many kids when it first aired. This show is just cool and awesome. Modern power ranger shows are garbage, but the original series lives on in the hearts of those who watched it growing up.It's not so hard to understand why many children loved it. The show was about 5 normal teenagers who suddenly get superpowers and giant robots that they can use to save the earth. Children in the 90's looked up to the power rangers as heroes because most kids want to do exactly what the rangers do: possess cool powers and fight monsters. Many claim it's a bad show because it encourages kids to solve problems with violence. This is not the case at all. In the show, the rangers were told to never use their powers for personal reasons, and also to use as little force as possible to win. If they broke these rules, they would lose the powers. The show also has many episodes that teach friendship, teamwork, forgiveness, hard work, and compassion. The original 5 rangers were very different, but were best friends. You had the tough guy, the cool guy, the nerdy guy, the caring girl, and the valley girl. This taught acceptance of those that are different. Looking back on the show as an adult, i realize how cheesy it is and how many plot holes there were. But that doesn't stop it from being a great show. Most kid's shows are full of plot holes. The show is clean and teaches good values, unlike many modern shows. To me, power rangers started going downhill with Zeo Rangers, and the latest stuff is just terrible. However, the original series brings good memories to me. I give it 10/10.
bad I went into this movie with hope and optimism and not put off by the negative light shone towards it. An hour and 40 minutes later, I left feeling empty and unsatisfied. Comic book films are supposed to make you feel inspired, but not this one. So what is wrong with it? One word – chemistry. In any superhero team/ensemble there should be great character interactions and a feeling that these guys can effectively make a team, never mind a ''fantastic'' team. The best team movies all have characters playing off each other as in the Avengers and X-Men.  However, there is zero chemistry between any of the F4. We see an attempt at some early romance between Reed and Sue which doesn't go anywhere. Johnny Storm is billed as a genius but troubled kid however we never see why he has a high IQ, he is just shifted in to make up the numbers. We never see him form any sustainable bond with any of the others. Ben Grimm also appears as an outsider, brought in with little sense to the project to fill the final slot. The chemistry between the original F4 (2005) was MUCH better whereas here they feel like 4 individuals.  The climatic battle takes place in the most boring environment that you can imagine. It is over within 10 minutes, with not much ingenuity to overcome a half decent attempt at Dr Doom, who at first seems very intimidating. This film will be quickly forgotten and the question isn't whether a sequel will be made or whether it will cross over with X-Men, but is the original Fantastic 4 film a better watch than this depressing, dull comic book movie. Final score 5.5/10
bad First of all I liked the first three movies. I wish I saw those in the cinema, that would have been a treat. So expecting more of the same, I went to see part 4 'The last key'. It was most definitly a horror to watch. An awfull movie. Bad quality of the story, no build up or climax. The actors were terrible and the jokes were horrible. It was a very dull and boring experience. Shame, shame, shame!
bad This is my second review of Mamma Mia as I now have had the chance to watch it as a movie rather than a screen version of the successful stage show.I think that being eager to have the distribution rights Universal gave Judy Craymer (the producer) a free reign to make the film as she wished. Ms Craymer, with no experience of films or filming, believed that she had an epic musical on her hands. She roped in her stage director, Phyllida Lloyd, who has never made a film before and had no idea how to transform the show from the confines of the theatre onto the big screen. She also roped in her stage choreographer and many other stage crew who also have no idea of the transformation from stage to big screen and the result is an amateurish production that relies totally on the ABBA feel-good factor and a participating audience.Ms Craymer's idea was to cast big-name stars who, despite the film being a musical, had no singing or dancing abilities. If that was not bad enough, she also hired a cinematographer who had problems getting the light correct and camera angles right. Everything about the film is terrible and an embarrassment to watch at times. The screaming girls at the beginning. Brosnan looking more like James Bond in drag. Julie Walters hopelessly over-acting. Meryl Streep and Christine Baranski behaving like girl guides on their first date, despite supposedly being mature women in their 40s or 50s. The ensemble who were more like young children in a school play than professional dancers. Even in their brief cameos, Benny and Bjorn grinned at the camera as though it was the first time they had ever been filmed. Catherine Johnson's lacklustre script that sounded more like a working class play "We danced on the beach and kissed on the beach and dot dot dot!" to quote a ludicrous example. Brosnan occasionally talking as if he was on the football terraces, particularly when he cheered Meryl on during 'Souper Trouper'. Did anyone check the continuity on the film, as there seemed to be so many disjointed examples particularly whilst Meryl Streep was singing 'Mamma Mia'. At the end when the main stars were dressed in spandex suits they could not contain their laughter. When Meryl sang the moving "The Winner Takes It All", she and Brosnan stood motionless whilst the camera whizzed around in the air. The "Voulez Vous" scene when you could not even work out what was happening on screen, as the camera angles were so erratic.Even though I have seen the stage show many times, I have no wish to buy the DVD when it is released, as the film was, to put in generously, nothing other than a disastrous amateurish production and probably the worst ever transformation of stage musical to screen. Doubtless, the crew, cast, distributors, financers and ABBA are not bothered. They still got their "Money, Money, Money" and are laughing all the way to the bank.
bad This is a terrible show. The acting is poor, plots are poor, and there isn't any consistency at all. Just take the basics - Jessie earns a living as a nanny to the three spoiled bratty kids these rich people have adopted to show how supportive they are of cultural diversity (a la Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt). However, they are left, most of the time, with Bertrum ( the butler) or completely by themselves; she rarely watches them at all.Jessie - usually out chasing boys and treating her employers like her friends or family. Completely unprofessional, and the parents seem to be gone all the time only showing up occasionally, usually inexplicably wearing formal wear as if they were just about to go to a charity ball or something. She shirks her responsibilities constantly and teaches youth to be lazy, aloof, undependable, deceitful, disrespectful, dress in manners that compromise their personal integrity, etc.The Indian kid is completely unbelievable as he is about 8 years old and for whatever reason, he acts like he is some sort of Junior Dhali Llama that knows all the factual and statistical information about India that is available. It's just ridiculous, the kid has obviously never been there or was removed at such an early age that he would have no recollection of the country at all. His character's tendency to 'speak beyond his years' is like a blood-thirsty woodpecker incessantly chipping loudly at my brain.The little African American girl acts very stereo-typically African American regardless of the fact that everyone around her is white (thus she would not have learned the cultural language and body expressions). Not only is her constant 'attitude' annoying, but it perpetuates this behavior in real life by teaching our youth to behave in such a manner. All of the kids are rebellious and completely undisciplined with absolutely no moral compass to speak of whatsoever. Furthermore, her character often tries to 'act tough' towards everyone else on the show regardless of the fact that she is incredibly weak and totally dependent on those around her to perform even the simplest tasks.The ugly kid from Mirrors- He regularly overacts on a regular basis and seems to be catering to the idea that over-the-top theatrics, yelling, running, and imitating Kramer = so, so funny. Sadly, this young and unskilled actor is so, so wrong. He often acts in a manner that supports the idea of talking a big game and then running away. Like the other characters in the show, the boy is a coward and a liar and this is just another example of the morally hollow role models Disney Channel is producing. They even have this kid and some other characters perform on the show.The channel seems to be a huge recruitment factory in order to ensure further cheaply produced entertainment in the future. It's like a grotesque "Children's Lot".Long story short - Stay away from this show unless you like pain. Mind-numbing pain.
bad My God, Where to begin? this movie was awful in so many ways that make a list would be such a waste of time. Anyway, I can mention the most prominent and substantial to me, starting by the most elementary piece which is the idea behind the whole story, in other words the subtext or message that the film delivers. This is no other thing but a teenager wet dream, founded on the most shameless shallowness and superficiality: Is the story of a naive young girl obsessed with the actual prototype of perfect spouse in every aspect important for the society, millionaire, handsome, fit, hard-sex addict, possessive and tough guy, so tough that he even resists an helicopter crash to come back without a scratch; so basically what the movie tries to unfold it's an attempt to tell a story where this girl keeps striving to catch this guy and engage him into a "serious relationship" without all of his flaws and addictions, in this process all of his evil ex's and spooky characters of his past will try to stop her in such predictable manners that you will have to throw some popcorn to others in theater to get amused if possible. This links to the second aspect to bring up: The Script. This script is so dull and predictable that you would regret buying your ticket in the first 15 min, it's so dummy and felts so unreal that in some point gets laughable, the characters and dialogues are so shallow and the plot twists are far more predictable than fast and furious or any bad horror movie. Linked to that the actors don't help too much, it could be enough with that script but no, the director and producers want you to suffer in every possible way, they throw you a complete platter of mediocrity performances, overacted and fictitious, filled with nonsensical dialogues and cheap jokes. In the technical aspect there's no much to say, it's another big studio fail, a nearly invisible treatment in the visual camp, mediocre photography, sound mixing and editing which is refilled with pop music to solve the problem. In conclusion, 50 Shades Darker it's the perfect opportunity to get your daughter most desired obsessions emerged, or even your girlfriend can connect to the cheap-fake fairy tale of sex and passion this movie delivers.
bad An ideal action-comedy/adventure if there ever was one; in this entertaining third installment archaeologist Ford must travel to Italy in 1938 to try and rescue his estranged father. However, the rescue mission soon turns into a historic quest as he seeks out the Holy Grail, once again finds himself battling Hitler's Nazis, and again encounters dangerous perils every step of the way. Follows basically the same formula as Raiders of the Lost Ark, but Connery is an added bonus as Ford's father and the two make a perfect duo. A good blend of elements as the film provides lots of exciting, cliffhanger action scenes/stunts, memorable lines, and genuine humor, but the relationship between the two leads is what really gives it stability. Lots of fun. ***½
bad For a couple of months now , I have been seeing the trailer, of this film ..... And I was looking forward, to finally seeing it ! So, last night , a friend and I , had the misfortune of viewing ,The Girl on the Train ... To tell the truth , I've seen better mysteries on "Murder She Wrote " reruns !! Pathetic characters , nasty sex , thrown in every couple of minutes , and I for one, am SO sick of F this F that , every other word ! Personally , my contemporaries, and I do not use trashy language ,and we are sick of vulgar conversation ,in this and other films ,of recent years !, I guess next time ,I'll just stay home and watch TCM !! Great movies , with great plots , great actors and NO trash !! I seriously, would have left after the 1rst 45 min. , if I would have been alone !, Oh , and by the way , I would give this film an X rating ! May appeal to some .... But , no one that I know !!
bad A Wrinkle In Time is a boring and cheaply done plot, taking all the liberties of Disney-style writing and turning it into slop. Not only does it smash its original source material, but it feels more like a dumbed-down version of it. It has a bad plot with loose ends, one-dimensional characters and really choppy acting. Watch Tomb Raider instead, because at least THAT movie respects its source material. This movie is just a one big backwards step for Disney.
bad Let me start by saying that I enjoy crude humor. I loved The Hangover, Old School, SuperBad, etc. But "Vacation" is flat out obnoxious and unfunny. Not a single laughable moment. I didn't even find myself smirking at any point. It was that awful. Not even the nostalgia of the old "Vacation" movies could save this atrocity. The script seemed like it was written by spastic 13 year old juvenile delinquents. When the script wasn't obnoxious it was simply just uncreative. The car was so over-the-top that it was eye-roll inducing. The angry Korean voice on the GPS was unoriginal and cliché. Helms and Christina Applegate should quit acting, out of shame.
bad A old couple left 30 minutes in. I couldn't understand the music, I couldn't hear the lyrics. Ryan Gosling's character was a dick for 90% of the movie. He is a good actor, but my goodness his character is an ass hat. The story to me was blah. It was like I've see this story told before just differently. Emma Stone is amazing. I definitely enjoyed her more than Ryan's character, but that honestly isn't too hard. The movie seemed pretentious and over rated as a whole. It was just Hollywood getting off on Hollywood. Imagine if Hollywood was a person and cloned themselves. Then Hollywood starts sucking Hollywoods dick. There, that's most of the story. White man tries to save jazz. I did enjoy the visuals, editing, colours and dancing. So it was nice to look at, I'll give it that. But the story to me was under whelming.
bad I confess that I almost let the bad reviews discourage me from watching the show. (Some people seem predisposed to being negative.) And, I'll admit that the first ten minutes was kind of boring and did not draw me into the story so I switched to another program. I think part of the problem was that I had no prior experience to draw on. I've never read the Inhumans comics. I loved Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. from the first moment because I liked the characters from the Avengers film. But, the characters of Inhumans were total strangers to me.Fortunately, I had recorded Inhumans, so I decided to give it another shot. I'm glad I did. I think the acting, overall plot and the special effects were all excellent. The royal family (minus Maximus), plus Karnak, Gorgon and Lockjaw were all likable characters. I found Maximus easy to hate, so the actor definitely sold the twisted psychosis of the character.I think Marvel's Inhumans will turn out to be a solid entry among the Marvel programs. I think the potential is there in the future for a cross-over episode with Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. I look forward to the next episode.
bad This film is undeniably visually dazzling, arguably to the point of being exhausting. But what I'm taking from this dubious new genre, if you could call it that, is that filmmakers shamelessly exploit and yet devalue the nature of real-life illusionism (i.e. "magic"), in which the magician actually has to make something work that looks impossible or highly unlikely (it's a trick), by making use of the nearly endless possibilities of film, in which things that would be impossible in real life can actually be accomplished on screen. So we get things like Lizzy Caplan apparently vanishing into thin air in Atlas's apartment, and since magicians, of course, don't divulge how they accomplish their tricks, the film takes advantage of this by doing things that in all likelihood really are impossible — no explanations or credibility necessary. Since we all know that you can do all these things in the movies anyway, what's the point of making them into magicians, when you can watch a Harry Potter movie and you don't really have to wonder how people in paintings can move?
bad A horrible mix of bad acting, unfunny jokes, a plot that makes the Mario Bros. Movie look like Citizen Kane and some of the rudest and most pointless scenes ever. I saw this movie expecting something funny that would spoof the excellent Bond series but what I got was more how I imagine an adult film to be. You wouldn't know it was supposed to spoof James Bond as nothing Bond-like is present. The characters are boring and remarkable but not in a good way. The jokes are corny and are just vulgar. If you haven't already been cursed by its awfulness then skip this movie at all costs.I recommend this movie to someone that enjoys stuffing their face and then going on fairground rides a million times eventually being sick.
bad If you think that movies that deal with Nazi atrocities are inherently worthwhile, then you might think that this movie is inherently worthwhile. If, on the other hand, you expect a movie, whether it deals with Nazi atrocities or not, to actually tell a story, then I'd say there's a good chance you *won't* find this movie worthwhile.  What does this movie give us? Well, it gives us a string of Nazi atrocities, very realistically depicted, and it gives us what I suppose is supposed to be a main character, but it gives us precious little else!  Most of main character's screen time is given over to him being acted upon by circumstances and by other people, but very little of him being pro-active, himself.  And even his passivity might be interesting if we knew what he was thinking or feeling.  But we are never given that information.  We never know what it is that he really wants.  Or how he feels, say, about the fact that his family was shipped off to their probable death, but he was saved by a fluke.  The picture is certainly well-made from the stand point of art direction and cinematography, but story-wise, it's a shambles.  As far as I'm concerned, Roman Polanski owes me big-time.  Thank you.
bad I am 15, going on 16 in a few weeks. Being around the same age bracket/grade as most of the characters in this show, I can honestly say it is really, really off. Even the most genuine characters are phony. There are plot holes all over the place, and most things are never explained. Remember Rumer Willis? Who, what, where, when, wtf? Amy's dynamic with everyone just sucks, especially with Ben. According to them, they were in love after like two minutes. (A side note, the world love is tossed around excessively on this show, along with sex, funeral, baby, etc.) If they are so madly in love, why do they seem to hate each other? Another thing that bugs me is how nonchalant the parents are about their young children having "serious' relationships. Just because you are a high schooler does not mean the only thing you think about is sex/omg I need a boyfriend! The whole show is going nowhere, but it has found its place in my TV schedule as comic relief. I'm in too deep now, but if I were you, I would avoid Secret Life at all costs.
bad I just watched two bad movies seamed together at around the half hour mark. The "Down Sizing" movie we all saw in the trailers ended around 30 minutes into the film; it would have been nice to see where that story could have gone. I think Matt and Kristin could have made a funny film together if it stuck to what the trailers were eluding too. The second story-line, starting about half an hour in, had no relevance to the characters being small. Instead, it jumped from Matt's experimentation with drugs to Global Warming so fast that I found myself in shock that I'm suddenly watching a feature with absolutely no plot. When the end finally did come, the final scene was as empty as the entire movie.
bad Fifty Shades Freed combines poorly made visuals that belong in a Chainsmokers' music video and shitty dialogue from attractive actors who most likely were given speech lessons from Quinn. Anastasia and, her Dan Bilzerian-husband, Christian get married and shortly after go on trips every weekend with his seemingly unlimited budget thanks his trust fund. The whole time. In the beginning, Anastasia keeps giving Christian blue balls and this makes him very mad. He uses his very kinky accessories, such as, handcuffs and whips, that he keeps in his torture-esque sex room to get her really horny and then stop before she climaxes. To throw off the confusing plot even more, their honeymoon comes to an abrupt stop due to an attempted break-in to Christian's house. Throughout the movie we see flashes of Christian's roid rage that he takes out on his wife for minor mishaps, for example when Anastasia doesn't want to be called Mrs. Grey. Halfway through the movie, three new random characters get introduced, one of them being Elliot who gets married to a fat pig... this was really disappointing. I fell asleep after this part, so not really sure what else happened, but I can assume it was filled with 2-3 more music videos that result in hot, sweaty sex between Christian and Anastasia. As soon as the base drops, Anastasia slowly unzips his far-too tight Abercrombie jeans with her teeth and the camera pulls away before we see his millimeter peter aroused by Anastasia's nice DSL's. In conclusion, Fifty Shades Freed should've never been made. It was a horribly written and uninspired story that masquerades as romance but actually amounts to an exasperating account of a rich prick who uses a young and innocent girl with really perky nipples for deviant and rough sex. He only lasts like 20 seconds max... SOFT, but he's following Rule 3 so I have to give him some respect.
bad Where does one start with such a waste of electricity as this must have been?I am not from the intended demographic which clearly seems to be 10 - 15 yr olds ie those that read the entertaining books by author Darren Shan.Puerile in the extreme from start to finish this offering is poorly scripted and acted throughout, it seems ALL expense has been spared with effects and how William Defoe ended up in this garbage is mind boggling.My boys, fans of Mr Shan's work and from the right target group were embarrassed that they had requested its purchase and viewing, it is such a shame that reasonable children's books are bastardised to make sub standard bandwagon jumping movies.Appallingly bad, avoid at all costs and save yourself some angst and ire.
bad I had such high hopes for this movie, but at the end of the day my hopes were too high. I loved the idea of it all, but when I actually sat down to watch it I found myself wanting to stop less than half way through because it was just... boring. I feel like a lot of the culture and world could have been built up and better explained. It doesn't have to be spoon fed to the audience, but really... It would have been nice to have some lore other than some spray tags in the opening credits. I think the hints of the world created by the writers was incredibly fascinating, but all of it was wasted.The concept was really neat and I was excited for it, but it was poorly executed. A lot of the scene changes and jump in plot was messy and didn't make sense other than to force a continuation of the story. There was some political commentary stuff. Not a ton, but the big points are kind of shoved in your face when they pop up. The jokes could have been delivered a lot better as well. I was hoping for some comedy, given the trailer, but in the end it just wasn't... A lot of characters were wasted. Some of them would have been really cool to just learn more about, but instead more screen time was split between less interesting characters that really only show up for two scenes and then die later.Now that's not to say there weren't good points. The visuals were nice. As nice as visuals of people getting their guts blown out with a shotgun can be, I mean. And some of the music was good as well. There were some editing choices that seemed... odd to me, but I'll let them slide in this instance. All in all? LotR meets Zootopia meets any buddy cop film ever made with neat visuals. For all its budget, I wish more time had been spent on reviewing the material from the point of view of an audience member so that some mistakes could have been avoided.
bad Disney Channel Original Movies, are all the rage on the cable station, with epic promotion, marketing, and merchandizing to build up the film for your little ones. Back in the day, these movies actually did a decent job telling predictable stories, that held some suspense and impressive stunts in a variety of sports and disciplines. Since the new age of Disney though, these stories have taken a major hit in their quality, resorting to marketing gimmicks and dance numbers to do their lifting and dumping the story down the drain. After the success of Descendants, the studio that brought the villain prodigy tales to you, brings another movie to the small screen, in hopes of maximizing the ratings again. Robbie is back with another review on TV movies, so let's get started, shall we?LIKES:The Message: Disney is taking some bold moves in their political statements, doing little to disguise the messages contained in the movie. Zombies is a flat-out statement about how wrong racism is, with the entire writing/cinematography set out to show the horrors of prejudice. The movie shows the various responses to the candor of segregation, and the right and wrong ways to fight all under the prowess of changing things that need to be changed. In addition, the movie has a strong focus on being yourself, learning to change things that are toxic about yourself, not because someone doesn't like it. The Leads: Milo Manheim and Meg Donnelly are the stars of the show, getting a majority of the camera time. Milo has a fresh energy about him, giving the movie that entertaining, fun quality you want in a DCOM. He manages to transition between silly and serious smoothly, never crossing into the realm of overacting. In addition to acting, his dance moves, singing, and ability to act like a savage, brain hungry monster are worth noting as well. Meg on the other hand is the strong, women protagonist that is the trend of Disney at the moment. While not wielding spears or martial arts that leave extra reeling in pain, Meg's public speaking and political games are the highlights of her character's ability. Like Milo, she has a good balance in her tones and acting style, alongside an impressive facial acting that speaks the emotions and tone of the scene. She injects energy at the right moments but stands as the symbol of hope/change in this installment. And in terms of singing, her harmony with the actors is astonishing and quite honestly my favorite voice of the group. The Dance Numbers: The focus of this movie is obviously the musical numbers. What will most likely be a hot selling item, these numbers capture the energy and spirit of the movie. Unlike other musicals that focus on adjusting their styles to make a nice blend for the track, Zombies sticks to the major pop meets electronic beat. While not as dynamic, this allowed for some impressive choreography that brought in some breakdancing, some line dancing, and even more so the cheerleading flips and dynamics. These numbers work in the theme of the movie and again highlight the singing talents of our stars. DISLIKES: The Story: While the message is good, the story really took steps down in terms of quality. For one thing, the story isn't unique, just a carbon copy of half of their stories, which are often diluted versions of classic movie stories. But ignoring this, the movie is not fleshed out very well with so many plot holes and stretches having to be taken to even semi-piece the tale together. The character development is rushed and sloppy, the love story fairly cheap and pathetic (when they aren't singing), and the impasses are laughable as they resolve with little to no effort. It's obvious that the focus was music, because much of this story looked for opportunities to introduce another song number, sacrificing key plot points. The Other characters: Not everyone will fall into this dislike, but a large number of the characters are lame to put it as nicely as I can. These characters are those with extreme flaws/prejudice, who fail to move an ounce during the first 85 minutes and often present their grandiose ways in an overacted direction. I can't tell how much of this is due to the direction and writing, but these characters are certainly some of the weaker ones to grace the Disney line up. Characters like Bucky and his squad in particularly are the worst, in terms of their inconsistency and presentation. And the parents of the crew/fans are only a couple of paces behind. The Writing: This would explain a lot in terms of the other dislikes, but the writing was kind of shoddy in this film for me. Dialogue is limited in terms of anything unique, with only the anti-segregation lines holding any sustenance to them so you can get some mimicking from your kids started. Outside of that, I've already stated that the writing built everything around the dance numbers, leading to rushed plot lines, rapid character development that is almost nonexistent, and just poor planning in general. Cheap Production: I know TV movies don't have the biggest budget, but seeing as Disney is essentially the money maker of the world, they could have done better than this. Zombie's stunts are not the greatest in terms of special effects, with many props looking snazzy, but very cheap. Sure, the light shows and setting look decent, but they can't mask another big dislike, they couldn't find another team/different uniforms to switch them into. You pay attention, you see that the football teams and cheerleaders are all the same. It's not the fact that unique teams are key to a movie, it's the laziness that the movie had when they have the means to go all out. In addition, beating the same team over and over, means again a lack of developing story/tension. Lazy on Soundtrack: You just heard me say I like the soundtrack, so why on Earth am I putting this as a dislike. Simple, because half the track is unique and the other half are just reprisals that often pale to the first mix. Descendants, Teen Beach Movie, and even High School Musical do a nice job with keeping their tracks different, unique, and with as few remixes as possible. Zombies failed on this level, cheating the fans out of unique mixes just to cut some costs. Why Disney didn't fun this DCOM more so, I don't know, but it didn't impress me in these regards. At least the numbers didn't have those annoying, lazy lyrics like some tracks have had though... right. The VERDICT; Zombies, in my opinion, was a massively overhyped movie that promised a lot more than it delivered. I'll admit it was fun at times, energetic, and a great medium for promoting anti-segregation (always a plus) and that the acting and dance numbers did their jobs. However, this installment makes me fear tor the future of DCOMs if all they focus on is the music and the merchandizing that will follow. This team cut a lot of corners, shucking originality, deeper development, and meaningful dialogue and comparing it to other DCOMS that remain hidden in their vaults, it's sad. I'm hoping they will utilize the star actors and the supporting zombies in future projects, but the company needs to get their act together if they plan to keep their DCOMS from further plunging down into crappy depths. My scores: Musical/Romance: 5.0Movie Overall: 3.0
bad This would have been an entertaining movie if not for the horrible flashing, jolting and constant moving of the camera. Apparently we were supposed to believe that the filming of the movie was done by one of the actors. At times that almost seemed credible but at other times impossible - particularly when David goes back in time by himself. My wife got sick to her stomach from the lousy camera work and I got a headache. What idiot approved by which incompetent producers and the director thought that people would enjoy such amateurism? In film school this job would have received an "F". My wife proclaimed this the worst movie she has ever seen.
bad This movie is probably the worst,if not the worst, movie for following its original plot. I mean I've seen some movies that take the cake but this movie was by far the worst. I'm not trying to be rude its an OK movie but if you read the books its horrible. I know plenty of people who read the books and were all excited to see the movie only to walk out annoyed by how much they changed. They changed everything in it from Annabeth's hair color to the villains and even most of the story line. It was like someone read the back cover of the book and made a movie off of that. The book is an amazing read and Rick Riordan is quickly becoming one of my favorite authors what with his wacky sense of humor he likes to put in his books, which sadly didn't make it to the movie either.
bad If you expect this movie to be a great fusion of picaresque and superhero genre, you are wrong. This is really a desperate attempt from WB and DC to revive the dying DCU, so they decided to copy what they think makes marvel movies such a success. A PG13 lighter atmosphere and add some comedy. Really? is this what DC thinks people like watch Marvel movies for? Well if they really wanted to be successful like a marvel movie, they should try to make something like Deadpool. Rated R, some blood and anti-hero stuff. As usual DCU completely missed thing that make Marvel movie successful. A good script that makes sense. This is just a movie that introduces less popular DC characters nothing more nothing less. The whole movie is like "This guy is Deadshot he shoots guns! This guy is Killer croc, he is scaly! Here is katana she is for all weeaboos! We have more than Batman and Superman you know." When all the introduction is done, half of the movies is done. And the rest is just rushed plot and really bad PS3 level CG and action to fill up the rest of the time. In the name of bad script, bad CG, bad action. A trinity of fail makes this makes Dawn of Justice look like Citizen Kane. And that is no compliment. Such a shame as it had elements that could have been an innovative superhero movie. But just like dawn of justice, it has been wasted and it will never see the light again.
bad A whimsical, often spectacular view of a future in which advances in technology dominate the world. It is well shot and although slow-moving it is intense and enjoyable throughout. The featuring of classical music to establish atmosphere works brilliantly; it provides a feeling of awe, mystery and intrigue  the same aura that Walt Disney worked in creating 'Fantasia'. The special effects, both sound and visual, are still spellbinding by the standards of today's technology. Aside from the technical pluses of the film, it stands strong as it is one of not many films out there that has something important to say about humankind, and where the human race is heading in terms of our increasing reliance on machines and our unquenchable thirst to discover. Despite an ending that is hard to understand, it is even harder to overlook this film a true cinema classic.
bad What a disaster of a film this is. Ironic in that it's everything it touts it hates. It appeals to a certain kind of culture especially at the time of its creation that functions only a thin layer beneath superficiality. As though just because of its constant and worthless, meaningless postmodern cynicism it actually means something real. But it's pure emptiness - there is no feeling or human soul or spirit in any of the film, and the center of it all is Annie and Alvy, with not an ounce of love between them. Plus the latter is excruciating, nauseatingly painful to watch for two minutes let alone ninety.It appeals to the mind, not to the heart. It is exactly the kind of intellectualism it claims to hate.The movie staggers constantly, flickering between occasional bouts of experimental wonder (I loved the animated scene) and rabid pseudo-intellectualist circlejerking. There's some knowledge behind it, but it's only mere name-drops. And again, for a movie about love it certainly is totally devoid of it. There's no real communication between the two main characters, it's all fluff, all gimmick. No genuine emotion exists in Annie Hall the movie.I almost take it as a personal offense that the slopped-up holier- than-thou script is regarded as one of cinema's greatest. If this is our best, I fear we're doomed.
bad The "Jigsaw" franchise had a reasonable beginning in 2004 and along the years, the downfall was easily predicable with terrible, incredible and worse and worse screenplays. In 2010, the franchise reached its bottom with the awful "Saw 3D". The franchise was resting in peace, but seven years later, the directors Michael Spierig and Peter Spierig decide to revive the infamous franchise with the writers Pete Goldfinger and Josh Stolberg. The result is a shameful bad movie with the most absurd and incredibly twists and overrated in IMDb. My vote is three.Title (Brazil): "Jogos Mortais: Jigsaw" ("Mortal Games: Jigsaw")
bad Mary (Taraji P. Henson) is a hit woman working for an organized crime family in Boston, whose life is completely turned around when she meets a young boy whose path she crosses when a professional hit goes bad. Taraji P. Henson gives a good perfomance in Proud Mary next to a talented cast of talented people like Neal McDonough, Xander Berkeley, Rade Serbedzija and Danny Glover unfortunately the film tries to be the next Leon meets John Wick and it fails on both sides since the little kid's character reminded me alot of the kid from Robocop 2 and that wasn't a good character to begin with and neither is the kid from this film and also Henson's character has little time to shine in the movie and when it does it ends faster than it begun also i wish that the rest of the Cast did something as well except to die in like 5 or 15 minutes. Overall not a bad film but not a great one either. (5/10)
bad I must admit to being a little apprehensive about seeing the third instalment of Blade as i was very disappointed by the second movie, but boy was i surprised. Although, the Dracula plot has been a excessively used over the years, it didn't take anything away from the brilliance of film as it put a totally new spin on the age old tale of Dracula. What the movie lacked in dialogue was certainly made up for with action and King's (Ryan Reynolds) one liners and humour were well worth the entrance money alone. The addition of Whistler's daughter, who was following in her father footsteps was well worked into the storyline. All in all, i thoroughly enjoyed the latest Blade outing and will definitely be going to see it again
bad The film opens with Julia Banks (Rosario Dawson) apparently having killed her ex-boyfriend. The film goes into flashback mode with Julia leaving a mental health facility and living a dream life engaged to David Connover (Geoff Stults). David has a daughter Lily (Isabella Kai Rice) and an ex-wife Tessa (Katherine Heigl) who is introduced looking like the evil queen in Snow White. No mystery here. In fact the films shows us Tessa setting up Julia and killing the ex. So with no real mystery, what's to watch? Exactly.This was a weak drama for those who like Lifetime style films. I was bored to tears. If you like to watch Katherine Heigl do the frowny face, go for it.Guide: F-word (written on screen) Sex. Brief back nudity.
bad I'm an easy sell on an intriguing Sci-Fi premise and Mute has one. A man without speech in a futuristic murder mystery? So much potential. Unfortunately, that potential is wasted in this failed script, despite some really enjoyable acting.I have several rants about this film. First, there is no reason whatsoever for this story to take place in the future. There's nothing sci-fi about it except that it happens to take place in a time where futuristic cars and food vending machines exist. Other than that, it could take place in 1925, or 1975, or now. Why put it in the future if nothing about the story requires it. I'm no executive producer, but it seems like a waste of effects budget when present day locations would work just fine.There is no significance to the muteness of the protagonist in Mute. This one is almost criminal. What a great and compelling idea to have a hero who can't speak! Besides some nods to non-verbal communication, and the few times that challenges faced by someone without speech would face in a world moving towards voice-command tech were explored, olmost nothing was done with this aspect of the main character. I need to mention here that Alexander Skarsgård does a fantastic job of conveying emotion without words in several key scenes. But, this is a credit to acting, not the film itself. Which brings me to...Final rant is that some really, really great acting is wasted on this mediocre script. All three leads are strong, but Paul Rudd deserves special mention as a thief of scene after scene in his misogynistic, narcissistic, scary portrayal of an AWOL medic working to get a new identity for himself and his daughter. Alexander Skarsgård and Justin Theroux also keep the level of acting high. If only they'd had a script that met them at their level.Why, why, why? Why did Mute make it to final cut in this state? Full of plot holes, almost-great-scenes, wtf moments and some gore that was just Eewwwwww (less gurgling puh-LEEZE!). If you want to see Paul Rudd killin' it despite the script, check this one out. Otherwise, just...no.
bad The Greeks gather the abstraction of love in four appropriate areas, which contain affection types that empirical beings can hand over: Eros (sexual passion and chief propensity of the current romantic- erotic cinema, which inclines to express true love with abrupt lewd interruptions), Storge (linked to the filial and perpetuity), Philia (concord, friendship and appreciation towards others) and Agápe (the purest, chaste and loyal love). There is no doubt that jealousy and love are intimately linked to the loved one. The "green-eyed monster", in suitable proportions, is quite salutary, however, when it batters the limits can lead to unhealthy and pernicious triggers of an inhuman Golgotha. Jealousy and love keep one of the most complex, analyzed, multidimensional, amorphous and worst relationships in the extension of their variables in modern cinematography: from mother to child, marital, engagements, betrayals, love triangles, futile ones, passing loves, between siblings, co-workers, older adults, individuals of the same sex and even inanimate beings."Unforgettable", from the producer turned into filmmaker Denise Di Novi, is the latest audiovisual work in joining the vade mecum of the vacuous, blinded, implausible and—although its scriptwriter and director are female- contradictorily misogynist romantic feature films of the 21st century.Julia (Rosario Dawson), a successful and helpful businesswoman, is recovering from a tortuous affair awash with violence, outrage, and abuse. Now she has met David (Geoff Stults), with whom moved to Malibu in order to heal the scars generated by his former abuser. However, David's ex-wife, Tessa (Katherine Heigl), resides with her young daughter in the same locality, where the contact between these two girls will be unavoidable. Julia will take on the most optimal attitude to deal with the megalomaniac and perfectionist behaviors of the good-looking woman. Nevertheless, when Tessa hears that her beloved man is going to marry with her Latina opponent, madness will take shape of an unregenerate blonde with little moderation and insatiable appetite for revenge.No one would think that gender-based violence would be one of the components in an audiovisual production head by women, although this is an apparent trifle and serves as a paradigm of evolution, and it's even less plausible that the scriptwriter, the filmmaker and the cast of talented actresses were to collaborate on the story of two women struggling for the affection of a man. Will it contribute to show that females can be declared free from the yoke of male chauvinism? Of course not, and that's where avidity for light and clearly hollow entertainment comes up. In addition to hide us what we intuit in advance that happens behind the exhibited narrative thread, trying to build a suspense and intrigue point with which to follow the story, they assign to each frame, in the beginning, timing and editing interest is at rock bottom, for later, to grant it a music video clip touch that accentuates, staggeringly, the atrophy in exposition.Di Novi and screenwriter Christina Hodson flaunt their unskilledness in the romantic thriller field with a messy assortment of words and determinations misdirecting the story, even sometimes caressing the absence narrative zone. Long ago I saw no really gratuitous twists and cliffhangers in a real atmosphere, it is assumed that the movie is a dramatic love tale, not a seesaw of stupid vengeance with the antagonist's mother as a sign of redemption. Dawson is the only one who gets out safely of this libidinous congestion, portraying the woman who can perform as a hero as a villain. Heigl demonstrates a high record in the situations of tension and in circumstances where sanity shines by its absence, leaving, as a result, a female duo that is the only thing standing out. "Unforgettable" simply squanders the limited potential it conserved; I thought it would deliver a much better motion picture, nevertheless, I come across with a residual puddle of ideas and powerful motives. The typical and pitiful Hollywood audiovisual production that benefits from a contemporary soundtrack, a modern photography and an alleged message of fair treatment in order to connect with the most naive/ignorant people who still have faith in witnessing an absolute rupture of the stereotypes of love in cinema.
bad Who DOESN'T remember the original Vacation film? I hate crude humor with a passion, but I could overlook the occasional innuendo or sex joke because the original film stayed family-friendly for the most part and never got too crass or offensive. Well, unfortunately it looks like the 21st century is now casting its wave of stupidity across every nostalgic family film, and Vacation gets it especially bad.This new Vacation film, starring the now grown-up Rusty Griswold, wasn't funny, wasn't even remotely humorous, it was just disgusting and pathetic. I was horrified by the number of parents bringing their children to the theater to see this film. The scene with the cow's insides exploding across a car? A little girl in the aisle in front of me began to scream and cry and her parents ended up leaving with her. I heard many adults saying "what the f*ck?" and just leaving out the door. It was a nasty film, as if somebody took that Robin Williams RV film, tossed it in a blender with a bad exploitation film and a few episodes of that god-awful Family Guy show.Some people love fart jokes and pervy sex jokes (what's wrong with humanity these days!?), but if you're going to see this film, whether you're into crude humor or not, THIS IS DEFINITELY NOT APPROPRIATE FOR CHILDREN. I don't understand why it was being marketed on the radio station here as being a family film. It's the kind of film that drunk college guys and rednecks will fall in love with.I bet it'll be The Goonies or Beetlejuice that gets wrecked by crude sequels next. :(
bad I have never been a fan of Quentin Tarantino, but I know that other people think he's great so I decided to give him another chance and actually paid $3 to see "Django Unchained." I was surprised to find that I liked the first part of the movie. It was interesting, funny, suspenseful, and actually seemed to have a point. Some of the story strained credulity (look it up), but it stayed within the bounds of believability... until the German bounty hunter shot DeCaprio. Then believability went out the window.The movie didn't even make sense within itself. The entire film built up Dr. Schultz as not only a great shot, but also an extremely cunning strategist. And yet, he shot DeCaprio and then just stupidly said, "I couldn't help it!" and stood there waiting to be killed. (Which he was.) But his derringer had two barrels, which presumably means two bullets, so why didn't he whirl around and shoot the guy who was standing there with a gun?He could have, but then there wouldn't have been the bloodbath that follows, which I guess is Quentin Tarantino's "signature." The movie quickly degenerates into a stupid, pointless bloodbath. White guys come out of nowhere to be shot, blood gets spattered everywhere, and so what?Then the film gets even worse! The black guy who killed so many white people is in the hands of his oppressors, yet instead of torturing and killing him, they decide to send him off to a (allegedly horrible) mine, thus giving him the opportunity to escape and wreak his horrible vengeance. Does this seem believable to ANYONE? After that, it's completely predictable. I don't need to tell you what happens because you can figure it out for yourself. But think about this: the movie makes a big deal about how nobody in the South back then was used to seeing a black person on a horse. For most of the film, the white Dr. Schultz accompanied Django and helped smooth the way. But at the end of the movie, Django and his (black) wife ride away on horses -- in Mississippi before the Civil War! So they'll just wander through the South to freedom? Really?? What a great happy ending! I could criticize this piece of sh*t on many more levels, but I've wasted enough time on it.I actually liked the first 3/4 of this film. I absolutely HATED the last section. And ultimately, Quentin Tarantino's popularity says something troubling about the state of American culture.
bad I had massive expectations for THE DEPARTED , a violent mob drama directed by Martin Scorsese the greatest film maker in the world today . After seeing it I did have a slight of feeling of something I have experienced throughout my life - Disappointment ***** SPOILERS ******The film starts in typical Scorsese style of a sweeping framing sequence with a musical soundtrack by The Rolling Stones similar to the work he did in GOODFELLAS . Unfortunately the director doesn't sustain this and whilst never becoming mediocre we don't see much in the way of what cinematic beauty Scorsese is capable of and in several scenes most notably in the death of Queennan the original film INFERNAL AFFAIRS did it far more better THE DEPARTED suffers from a very uneven screenplay courtesy of William Monahan . When it's bad it's woeful but when it's good it's great . It should be pointed out however that when it's good it's entirely down to Siu Fia Mak's original script and if you've seen INFERNAL AFFAIRS you'll notice how tight the storytelling was and how loose and cluttered Monahan's adaptation is in comparison . Did we really need a romantic subplot ? And there seems a lack of thought put into Costello . He's spent years as a crime boss so how come it appears it's only now that the Boston police department have come up with the bright idea of putting several moles into Costello's crew ? Are we to seriously believe that Costello is being protected for < Plot revelation that I won't give away > , and just because a tough gangster likes opera that doesn't make him multi layered , it just makes him clichéd and unconvincing . Most ridiculous scene is where Costello meets his police mole in the cinema . If it's a clandestine meeting then why does Costello draw attention to himself by grunting and pulling out his penis ? Possibly the most stupid sequence I've ever seen in a Scorsese film There's been many other criticisms of this movie , a movie that seems to have split the critics right down the middle . One is the cast . I do think DiCaprio is a much better actor than what he's given credit for but I was never entirely convinced when he has to dish out violence . Someone a little less pretty should have been cast while you're left with the impression that Deniro and Pesci were first choices for Costello rather than Nicholson . Damon does merely okay as Sullivan while Ray Winstone as French is somewhat distracting because he's a widely regarded actor and household name in Britain and seeing him attempt an American accent is something of a shock to the system . The one performance I wasn't keen on was Mark Wahlberg as Dignam down to the fact he plays one of those fast talking foul mouthed cops that we've seen in far too many films and HBO series. Perhaps I'm being somewhat harsh to the cast in general and Wahlberg in particular because the dialog in Monahan's screenplay contains far too much swearing . Yeah I know swearing exists in real life but it's almost like it's included in every line just so the audience know that it's a hard hitting adult drama . I think everyone knew that when we saw the name Scorsese in the title . No need to over egg the pudding or include a fist fight every few minutes otherwise someone might think they're watching a Tarintino movie As for the good points ... well if you've liked most of this great auteur's movies then you'll certainly like THE DEPARTED , just not as much as you've liked Scorses's previous output . If you have loved most of Scorsese's films then you'll be slightly disappointed . It's not helped by the fact that this is the first movie directed by Scorsese to pick up the Oscar for best film where as master works like TAXI DRIVER , RAGING BULL and GOODFELLAS didn't
bad It's slow.Really slow.It starts slow.And when you keep waiting for the story to pick up it keeps slow.It's like the production team really wanted to mimic the European artsy movies where the state pays for everything and there is enough story for about half an hour at best, so there are the big panoramas and slow panning and the actors lock in thoughtful poses which they think it's moody.It's a nice idea. And it's a nice execution. But maybe some trimming would have made a great 20 minute medium feature.Also felt the stress involved with perfectly matching the team: get a Jew, and a Black and an Asian. Than mix the couples to show we're cool with racial mixing. Somehow that matching seems more relevant to the script than actually making the story go.
bad While looking forward to seeing this film but having no real expectations, the film was excruciatingly painful to sit through and I like musicals. Being a former film student,I found this film slow, boring, uneventful and at least an hour too long with unappealing characters. At a point in the film, Ryan Gosling's character looks out over L.A. and says "not much to look at". I said to my wife, "my thoughts exactly" (referring to the film-not L.A.). This made musicals like 'Lost Horizon' and 'At Long Last Love' look like cinematic greatness (and I enjoyed those). They certainly don't make them like they used to.
bad The movies have depicted the hereafter in varied ways over the years. From the bleached white warehouses of Powell and Pressburger's "A Matter of Life and Death" in 1946 and Warren Beatty's "Heaven Can Wait" in 1978 to – for me – the peak of the game: Vincent Ward's mawkish but gorgeously rendered oil-paint version of heaven in 1998's "What Dreams May Come". Joel Schmacher's 1990's "Flatliners" saw a set of "brat pack" movie names of the day (including Kevin Bacon, Julia Roberts, William Baldwin and Kiefer Sutherland) as experimenting trainee doctors, cheating death to experience the afterlife and getting more than they bargained for. The depictions of the afterlife were unmemorable: in that I don't remember them much! (I think there was some sort of spooky tree involved, but that's about it!)But the concept was sufficiently enticing – who isn't a little bit intrigued by the question of "what's beyond"? – that Cross Creek Pictures thought it worthy of dusting off and giving it another outing in pursuit of dirty lucre. But unfortunately this offering adds little to the property's reputation. In this version, the lead role is headed up by Ellen Page ("Inception") who is a great actress too good for this stuff. Also in that category is Diego Luna, who really made an impact in "Rogue One" but here has little to work with in terms of backstory. The remaining three doctors – Nina Dobrev as "the sexy one"; James Norton ("War and Peace") as "the posh boy" and Kiersey Clemons as the "cute but repressed one", all have even less backstory and struggle to make a great impact. Also putting in an appearance, as the one link from the original film, is Kiefer Sutherland as a senior member of the teaching staff. But he's not playing the same character (that WOULD have been a bloody miracle!) and although Sutherland adds gravitas he really is given criminally little to do. What was director Niels Arden Oplev ("The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo") thinking?In terms of the story, it's pretty much a re-hash of Peter Filardi's original, with Ben Ripley ("Source Code") adding a few minor tweaks to the screenplay to update it for the current generation. But I will levy the same criticism of this film as I levied at the recent Stephen King adaptation of "It": for horror to work well it need to obey some decent 'rules of physics' and although most of the scenes work (since a lot of the "action" is sensibly based inside the character's heads) there are the occasional linkages to the 'real world' that generate a "WTF???" response. A seemingly indestructible Mini car (which is also clearly untraceable by the police!) and a knife incident at the dockside are two cases in point. Is there anything good to say about this film? Well, there are certainly a few tense moments that make the hairs on your neck at least start to stand to attention. But these are few and far between, amongst a sea of movie 'meh'. It's certainly not going to be the worst film I see this year, since at least I wasn't completely bored for the two hours. But I won't remember this one in a few weeks. As a summary in the form of a "Black Adder" quote, it's all a bit like a broken pencil.. pointless.(For the graphical version of this review, please visit bob-the-movie- man.com. Thanks.)
bad ...of films made based upon a Stephen King piece. King has written some real crap and this is among his worst. Even more significant is the decisions to put this one into a film. Even more interesting is to make it so claustrophobic (I think the cast had 3 people in it) that it suffocates itself. In that it is so moralistic and silly at the same time it is almost not watchable except to hope that it saves itself. It doesn't. And when are media producers/directors going to realize that Neal McDonough is a crap actor.
bad First time I saw this I wasn't impressed. Maybe because I expected more action from a Sci-Fi movie. Then I rented it on VHS, and upon re-watching I figured something out: This is one of the very few movies that gets better the more often you see it. It is a subtle movie. Slowly but surely this one has made it into the top 5 of my 'best movies of all time' list.I don't particularly care for the director's cut version, though. The inner monologue is missing - which gives you some of the most thought inspiring moments, and some of the added scenes downright make no sense at all. if I'd seen that one first I might never have given it a second chance.The cast is exceptional. Every one of them does a really fine job. Especially Rutger Hauer who otherwise has very few good movies to his name (maybe 'Day of the Falcon') delivers a stunning performance. Most of the cast who were unknown before this movie have moved on to fame (and some to fortune) - and rightfully so.From a technical point of view there is not much to criticize. More than 20 years later this movie still doesn't look dated (apart from 'Atari'-neon signs). The atmosphere is created with a lot of attention to detail, and the models of buildings are some of the most beautiful and believable ones I have ever seen.Now I recently read the book on which it is based ('Do androids dream of electric sheep' by Philip K. Dick). It's a quirky read and, frankly, not a very good book. It has too many plot holes, deus-ex-machina devices and logical inconsistencies, plus a total letdown of an ending. What it does add to the movie is the setup of why the atmosphere is like it is (polluted, dark, many 'freaks' around), and the nice question whether the Hero might be a replicant himself.
bad This movie is bad. It's "Last Action Hero" bad, it's Ang Lee's "Hulk" bad, it's "Flinstones" bad, it's "Phantom Menace" bad. I started to get that sinking feeling as the opening act failed to find it's groove, jumping all over the place without giving the audience a chance to ground themselves. Supposedly this is a movie made for youngsters. If this was true, they would know enough to keep the running time to about 90 minutes. I can guarantee you that if the studio required the Wachowski Bros to shorten the run time, this movie would have been much better. They also should have known that you can't keep up this flashy visual style for over two hours, for it becomes repetitious and loses it's effect on the audience. The worst thing you can ever do for a summer popcorn movie is have long long monologues. My God, it's not a contest to see how many words you can use to describe the racing business. What were they thinking as we are inundated with countless close-ups spewing subplot after subplot. After about an hour of this claptrap, I just gave up trying to keep track of who was in trouble, who was friendly, it just went on and on.The flashy editing didn't help with the racing sequences, because you are only given 1 second to figure out what's going on in a shot before it changes again. A few race sequences weren't fleshed out enough to get a sense of the endurance. We rarely see the actual start, and the flashy editing prevents you from keeping track of who is where, or whether they are winning.I gave this movie a shot by seeing it on Imax, but it just made the nose hairs bigger.Added 05/27/08: I am truly puzzled by the stark contrast in the reviews on IMDb. Many reviews were 10 stars and fawning over how perfect it is. I really can't see by any stretch of the imagination how this could be given a perfect score. Judging not only by the critical reviews but also the nearly empty theatres nationwide, it is NOT any kind of masterpiece. I am hesitant to guess, but perhaps these early reviews were planted? I was fooled in the past by early glowing reviews on IMDb (Swordfish comes to mind), and certainly am wary these days. Especially when the film is given 10 stars and described as if it is the most important achievement in movie-making. Speed Racer? I don't think so.
bad I'm honestly not surprised one bit that I didn't enjoy this movie.The trailer was awful,and it was obvious the movie was only made for Fox to keep the rights to this piece of garbage. The main problem with this movie is that it tries so hard to be dark and gritty.The movie isn't gritty at all.Dark?Yes at some points,but not in a good way. Another problem with this abomination is it's pace.Oh my god,the pace of this movie is incredibly slow.I'm in disbelief I didn't fall asleep.Honestly,the films pace is so slow,it's hard to know what's going on at times due to how bored you are. Next is the acting.While I though young Miles Teller did decent,the other actors were awful.I honestly feel everyone,especially Kate Mara,was miscast.It seems to me as if every actor was bored,but hey so was the audience! Another problem is the villain.I don't have much to say about Doom,besides the fact that he was forced into the film for the sake of having a villain.He wasn't threatening for even a second;He was just a joke,like the film itself. Lastly,the film is a set up for films to come.It's obvious it is,so Fox can keep the rights.From rumors out there,it's trying to set up sequels,which is true,and it's trying to set itself up with the X-Men Franchise,which I hope not. Overall,the film was an atrocity,just like it's predecessors,and the only good thing was probably the CGI.Then again,it wasn't even that amazing.The CGI wasn't as good,as say,'The Amazing Spider-Man 2'or 'Guardians of the Galaxy'. My rating is a 2/10,and it'd be a 1/10 if the CGI was a tad bit worse.
bad Why is a film about 4 girls after highschool -- called "Dude" ?
bad If I were to judge a series by the first ten (minutes) I'd get the feeling Ransom is a dumb ed down Hollywood-ized look at criminal negotiation. A young woman, recently graduated and seeking employment, attempts to interject herself into a police hostage situation through the third-party negotiation team hired guns. As if she could just stroll in to a situation controlled by the police we must plant in our mind she is some kind of special. Simply put this couldn't happen and if she did somehow manage to breach the police line the company she seeks employment in would certainly not hire her. OK, I realize in all of the world hostage situations take on quite diverse flavors. In some places I'm sure independent contractors for hostage resolution probably take the lead, maybe even in place of law enforcement. So I'm being forced to think that in Canada these types take the lead over the law enforcement apparatus that should be in full control. OK again, I'll go for it just to see where it leads. I guess the creators of this show win this one as I'm interested enough to give it some more time.As we go on the girl seeking employment as a negotiator gets a chance by cornering the head honcho. She continues to give him reason for pause and yet she isn't sidelined, in fact she's immediately hired. This is suppose to be character building I suppose yet it feels completely made for TV and in no way real. Sometimes made for TV is good of course, but this immediately purports to be a reflection of reality and in the first episode I'm not getting it. The A-Team was suppose to be completely out-there, this team shouldn't be. As a viewer I find myself wanting something more rooted in gritty reality. As you can tell I'm not really getting "on board" with this, I guess, uber negotiation team/company who works both within and outside the law. That in itself might be a good premise for a show but whatever that show is it needs to build a much more believable story to work from than I'm getting in this first episode. In the real world this team would likely get everyone killed consistently. So watching episode number two isn't very likely.I read this was taken from two real hostage negotiators real experiences. If so how come it feels totally made for TV and fake? It'll never make it unless something radically gets more real and more compelling.
bad How could it happen? How could such a large cast of modern-day funnymen be assembled together in one movie and the result be so dull and unfunny? We've got Adam Sandler, Kevin James, Chris Rock, David Spade, and Rob Schneider all in the brew as friends who grew up together and are reunited during a Fourth of July family weekend as adults... and not one damn thing that's worthwhile or humorous ever occurs! This one's a real mess. Terrible script, aimless ideas and situations scattered all over which don't amount to anything. There's potential in this ensemble, but it was a wasted opportunity. Even worse, what should have been a situation centered solely on the five guys and their male reunion is compromised by also featuring their wives and children, all of whom are even more boring than they are. I was tipped off in advance to the worthlessness of this movie from a reliable friend who'd suffered through it, but recently someone visiting me brought a free DVD copy to the house so we took the chance. The best thing I can say is at least it didn't cost me anything. 0 out of ****
bad Since Moon entered my top five in 2009 (it's still there by the way), I've been eagerly waiting for Duncan Jones to make Mute, which acts as a companion piece instead of a direct sequel. I enjoyed Source Code, but I gave Warcraft a miss because it's a video game adaptation, and they've never been worth the price of admission.As sublime as it is, it looks like Moon might have been a fluke. I had high hopes for Mute, but it's like Jones took a first-year student film script and somehow got millions of dollars to make it. It's a horrendously disjointed, bloated disaster whose plot would be boring in a normal setting, and is downright wasted in the world in which it's set. Is this what it was like when The Phantom Menace was released?
bad I don't know where J.J. Abrams gets this gigantic reputation. This was really just an unaired episode of Fringe when it got bad. Not an original idea. This is simply a rip off/mash up of Alien/Mutiny in Outerspace/The X-Files. It's also dull to the point where it made the totally predictable Life look good. I really hope that this is the end of Cloverfield. I can see why it came out on Netflix, since it would have gone down like a lead submarine in the movies. While the first one was tolerable (even though I really hate found footage movies), and the second was OK, this one was dull, disjointed and uneven. Just a bad movie all around.
bad This is, for me, one of the finest examples of cinematic art. It isn't a simple, cut-n-dried 90 minute little package that gets wrapped up with a pretty bow at the end. You get pulled in by the enigmatic opening that unwinds the threads of the story to be found later. For many people having half an hour of purely visual story telling, of stories that are only mysteries at that point, before anything becomes truly linear is difficult to follow and discourages to many people. Our own memories are only snippets that only become linear as we concentrate on scenes from our lives. Once Upon a Time in America is like that as we follow Noodles through the `significant' part of his life - the times that formed him. When the story actually starts, we meet the girl that he always loved but could never have.David `Noodles' Aaronson (DeNiro) was a kid on the very mean streets of Brooklyn when organized crime was born in America and he grew into and out of it. That's the simplest synopsis of the plot. The reality is that this isn't a movie about gangsters. Being a gangster is the easiest way for Noodles to survive and get ahead, but it also alienates and ruins his one love. Whenever he is close to giving himself to Deborah he always gets pulled back into the gang, in some form or another.DeNiro's portrayal is of a gangster, through and through, who also has a conscience that, while not preventing him from being a ruthless killer, rules his life with regret, remorse and guilt. Leone takes a bit of poet/historic license by showing the Brooklyn Bridge being built in the background (the bridge had been built 40 years before), but it symbolizes Noodles' own growth. When the bridge is just pilings and incomplete towers, Noodles is just forming his future. By the time the bridge is complete, Noodles is nothing but a gangster and the bridge is majestic. When he returns 35 years later our view of the bridge is from under a freeway -- the world has moved along, but the bridge and Noodles are just as they were.The length: If you're looking for a brief distraction that you'll barely remember 30 minutes later, this isn't the movie for you. However, if you are prepared and able to be undistributed for the nearly 4 hours that this film uses to compress a lifetime -- you will be rewarded with many facets of thought and examination.
bad First off, I am not reviewing the classic original which I would give 10 stars to, I am reviewing the horrible 2001 redux, and this is why there is 1 star.I don't care what Coppola says. He calls the REDUX/redo/re-edit that he put in theaters in 2001 the "definitive version" of Apocolypes Now. He's crazy. He hasn't made a decent film in a long, long time. He took a great and classic film and ruined it, and it's his own. Will he do this to the first two Godfather films? Robert Duvall's gung-ho character has turned into a buffoon, searching for a surfboard that Martin Sheen has stolen. Martin Sheen's character has turned into a warm-hearted guy who loves his crew, plays games with them like stealing surfboards, as opposed to a serious guy who has a very serious mission like in the original. Marlon Brando reads TIME magazine. And there is a scene with a French Plantation that destroys the entire flow to the movie, and plays like a corny dream sequence and is just horrible, with acting so bad it's more of a nightmare. The worst scene in the redux is when Chef and Lance (Fred Forrest and Sam Bottoms) party in a "parked" helicopter with some of the Playboy Playmates from the previous R&R scene. One of the playmates has a birdcage on her head, no joke. This is another scene that kills the entire flow of the movie, and makes Martin Sheen a nice guy, since he is the one who sets up his men with the girls in the first place. And also, Coppola takes the scene where Lance is water skiing (with the Stones "Satisfaction" playing) and moves it from the beginning of the film to the middle. This was, in the original, one of the best setup scenes of all time, letting you unwind and to get to know the laid-back situation of these men, and Coppola ruins it. Oh the horror, the horror, the horror of this redux. The Redux is a total travesty. Coppola has ruined his own masterpiece. Imagine Van Gogh, if he'd lived, taking "Starry Night" and adding to it, or DiVinci or Monet or anyone else. Coppola has lost it, completely. And so, the true "horror" isn't the Vietnam war, but the hands of a burnt-out has-been filmmaker mangling one of his best works. And by the way, here I am reviewing the redux only, which is why there is only one star.
bad Only Stephen Spielberg could make a film about the holocaust where the point is that none of the major characters do NOT die.  To me the message is lost because of this and the film becomes a glorification of one man surrounded by the deaths of millions.  Oscar Schindler was a Nazi embroiled in the holocaust and the second world war.  He managed to save his friends, yet profited from concentration camps.  Ok, so he wasn't an anti-semite bent on destruction, but he only saved people he was connected to, and their families.And the evil Nazis in this film are all slightly comical.  Where is the evil?  Where is the horror?  Where is all the death and torture and misery.Scrape the surface of this film and you find a gratuitous "entertainment" movie.  If you want to know about the holocaust watch Shoah.
bad Story about three buddies (played by Robert DeNiro, John Savage and Christopher Walken) going off to Vietnam. They're all gung ho about going and aren't prepared for what they experience. They all return home--one mentally affected, one physically handicapped and one dead.This came out in 1978 and was immediately hailed as a masterpiece. It was one of the few movies that dealt with Vietnam realistically (somewhat). It also really hit a lot of Vietnam vets and young guys hard. A friend of mine went to see it and after it was over he was in the mens room and saw 4 guys in their 20s crying nonstop. I saw it around that time. I was in high school and was bored silly. I figured at the time I was too young to appreciate it. I saw it years later and was STILL bored.For starters--it's too long--3 hours. The wedding sequence at the beginning goes on and on and ON. You learn nothing more about the characters than you could have in about 10 minutes. Even after they return home it moves slowly. The Russian roulette sequences (which were VERY hotly debated) never happened in reality. There's no proof at all that it ever happened. Also one character makes a living out of playing Russian roulette???? Come on! The Vietnamese are portrayed as victims or monsters--very black and white. No shadings of character. With the sole exceptions of DeNiro, Savage and Meryl Strepp the acting sucks. Seriously--HOW did Walken get an Oscar for this? DeNiro should have gotten it. And the irony at the end (when they're all singing "God Bless America") was SO heavy-handed it was almost comic. Wildly overpraised and overrated. This does not belong in the top 250 on IMDb. A 1 all the way.
bad What a disappointing movie. It starts promising - a few motives, characters, conflicts, sumptuous period detail (if all a little "clean" and theatrical if you know what I mean - everyone with perfect teeth and makeup and speaking like a thoughtful scriptwriter). Then gradually you realise that everything that is glaringly obvious and predictable IS actually what is happening - and its a long, painful process watching it play out just as you expect it to. There's nothing to make you go "ah! That's interesting!" whatsoever. The ghosts look incredibly CGI and therefore not scary at all, but more to the point they had absolutely no point or function - clearly just shoehorned in (perhaps after the original draft?) as a way to make it "horror" and more marketable to the teenage market. Jessica Chastain is always watchable, and the film looks pretty colourful, but that's about it.
bad Firstly I must say that I saw this show by chance, and as a fan of Van Helsing it got me giddy thinking that a new show about Van Helsing was coming out, then when I got a few minutes in I honestly felt like crying. How this show got the go ahead baffles me.The script is horrible and the storyline is horrendous, followed by bad acting. The vampires are terrible as well. Honestly I don't really know what they were thinking when it came to this show and I think to make it work they need a serious rethink on the storyline, but to be honest I don't think it can work. Having a female as Van Helsing was a bad idea for a start the character is a male and should have stayed that way, secondly the vampires are rubbish they should make them less zombie like.This show is honestly terrible and not worth the watch, even though I will watch the second episode don't waste your time.
bad The idea is brilliant - it is entirely possible that in the near or not-so-near future (the way things stand at this time) that there may be such a Humanity Bureau as an official government agency. This has been prophesied recently by other releases e.g. "What Happened to Wednesday".It does not warrant Nicolas Cage starring in such low-budget crap though. An absolute travesty and short of criminal. Cage is a good actor and mustn't be associated with rubbish like this. Vicellous Shannon is funny and should be given his own comedy show or something.The whole production team incl. scriptwriters and Rob King should either be given bigger budgets or not be allowed anywhere near film production. The film is not even watchable at the best of times and frankly, my 5-year-old can make a better film with an iPhone and a 10-year-old laptop.Don't waste your money or your time with this film.
bad I think this show is disgusting. Instead of actually educating teens about sexuality, it makes sex a dirty thing, and further represses healthy sexual growth. In the second episode, when the counsellor tells Ben that whatever a woman does before she meets you is none of your business i was actually positively surprised. But then he follows with saying that thankfully she probably feels ashamed and guilty (about having done "anything" with Ricky)-making it okay. So let's make teens feel guilty about sex! How ridiculous is that? Also, i hate the fact that the two sexually active people (Ricky and Adrien) are portrayed as "broken" sociopathic individuals. This is not a healthy example for young people, i think it is much more relevant to make sexuality a matter open for discussion, about enjoyment, love, and safety. Not something to be ashamed about.
bad Well what can you say about a disaster movie when the biggest disaster is the movie it'self. I'm not even sure where to begin summing up this turd. The bad acting, the corny duologue, the endless clichés, oh yes and let's not forget the nail biting escapes.In fact there are so many nail biting escapes made by our heroes I think I will just focus on those. The trouble is i'm not sure which nail biting escape to focus on. The nail biting escape from suburbia, the nail biting escape from Yellow Stone, the nail biting escape from the airport 1, the nail biting escape from airport 2, the nail biting escape from the cargo plane, the nail biting escape from the arc.........etc,etc,etc,etc.Man what a waste of 3 hours.
bad First and foremost, speaking as no fan of the genre, "The Bourne Ultimatum" is a breathtaking, virtuoso, superb action movie.Secondly, it is a silly malarky of cartoonish super-hero stuff.Thirdly, the film carries a complex, important point, about crime-fighters turning into criminals themselves. No reference is made to Abu Ghraib or the Executive Branch's outrageous domestic assaults on constitutional rights, none is necessary.So, the latest in the "Bourne" series, in the hands of Paul Greengrass (of the 2004 "Bourne Supremacy" and last year's "United 93"), is a significant achievement, perhaps held back but not actually diminished by the unavoidable excesses of the genre."Breathtaking" above is meant both as a complimentary adjective and a description of the physical sensation: for more than an hour from the first frame, the viewer seemingly holds his breath, pushed back against the chair by the force of relentless, globe-trotting, utterly suspenseful action. There is no letup, no variation in the rhythm and pull of the film, and yet it never becomes monotonous and tiresome the way some kindred music videos do after just a couple of minutes.Oliver Wood's in-your-face cinematography is making the best of Tony Gilroy's screenplay from Robert Ludlum's 1990 novel (which doesn't stack up well against the "Bourne Identity," written a decade earlier).Matt Damon is once again the inevitable, irreplaceable Bourne, the deadliest of fantasy CIA agents, this time taking on the entire agency in search of his identity, his past, and the mysterious agency program that has turned him into a killing machine. Nothing like his quietly heroic Edward R. Murrow, the always-marvelous David Strathairn is the nasty top agency official, pitched against Bourne in trying to hide some illegal "take-no-prisoners" policies and brutal procedures.Joan Allen plays what appears to be the Good Cop against Strathairn's Bad One. And, there is Julia Stiles as the agent once again coming to Bourne's aid; a combination of Greengrass' direction and Stiles acting results in a surprising impact by a mostly silent character, her lack of communication and blank expression more intriguing than miles of dialogue.So good is "The Bourne Ultimatum" that it gets away with the old one-man-against-the-world bit, this time stretched to ridiculous excesses, as Bourne defies constraints of geography, time, gravity... and physics in general. (Can you fly backwards with a car from the top of a building? Why not - it looks great.) All this "real-world" magic - leaping from country to country in seconds, to arrive at some unknown location exactly as, when, and how needed - outdoes special-effect and superhero cartoon improbabilities. And yet, only a clueless pedant would allow "facts" interfere with the entertainment-based ecstasy of the Bourne fantasy.
bad Spoilers herein.So frustrating. Once again we have an inept film about mathematics. Hard to understand: film is visceral, drawing from visually-based insights as abstractions of reality. That also describes the most exciting kind of mathematics.The magic of the Lord of the Rings books wasn't in the story, but in the creation of an alternative world, complete with cosmology. The film lacks that inner reality and instead focuses on the story, basically one escape after another. But it is rousing good fun on that level. And so we have here. As with `Lord,' `Mind' knows where all the emotional strings are and pulls enough of them in the right order that we get successfully manipulated. But this film misses the opportunity of a lifetime to merge the images of math and film.There are three good opportunities here, all missed:The Nash Story Part 1: Mathematics is a matter of invention more than discovery. A clever mathematician can shape abstractions that influence all thought that follows. It is as close to God as one can get, and since most of the world is imaginary, one can argue that God will be bested at some point -- if it hasn't already occurred. There are conflicting factors involved: you need to be novel, but it must bind to some part of the world that exists. The unfamiliar made familiar; which can be done through `proofs' which is a way of presenting the new in such a way that everyone believes the world was made that way all along.Which means you have to be extraordinarily clever in approaching a problem from an odd angle and finding the linkage. Nash was the best mind of the century in this first (challenging both Einstein and Von Neumann!). That's saying a whole lot. It means you have to have an intense focus that you maintain uninterrupted for months. The very idea exhausts. Nash had this in spades, perhaps his most remarkable quality because it was something he taught himself to do. Finally, mathematics is a verbal art, constructed in narratives with colleagues, not intrinsically in funny symbols as cartoons and movies would have it.So think of this: you must talk with peers using a common vocabulary; but you must not in order to stay important and novel. You must shape the new in small terms, but have a global focus, holding mental orgasms for months. The tension between reaching far into the cosmos and keeping it in a conversation must have been immense. The book on which this film is based focuses on the social devolution of Nash, but the more interesting side is where his unanchored voyages took him. The film didn't mine this lode. In reality, Nash was not incompetent with soliciting sex: in fact he was very smooth and conducted multiple simultaneous bisexual affairs. That was part of the focused exercise to relate to the `world as-is.' Where he was incompetent was in mapping his visions to our lesser reality.The Nash Story 2: Nash's madness was almost certainly caused by his `breaking' his mind by straying too far from reality to get outside this large problem he was working. The conspiracies came not from cold war silliness but something far deeper: Phil Dick science fiction and Kabbalah. Not stupid numbers but topologies (forms). Not codes but manifold patterns in higher spaces. Literally extraterrestrial voices. By the way: Alicia was as crazy, but I suppose since she had an uninteresting mind, it is not worth watching.The most powerful scene (in the book at least) is when Nash and poet Robert Lowell were in the same `hospital.' Lowell entered Nash's room and mind daily and held forth on both for visitors. `Every word was his best friend.' Quite possibly the century's most imaginative and literate minds melded. I would have loved to have been there. (In fact I was in a thin way. I took the class Nash taught right after he was first committed -- his acolyte emulated his manner.)The Nash Story 3 is the story about the Nobel. Uncle Alfie didn't like mathematicians (read `Jews') so refused to establish a prize in math. The `economics' was an independent prize grafted onto the Nobels as an `almost' Nobel. Most scientists are uncomfortable with economics being treated like physics because it is more obviously a constructed reality. Nash's prize prompted a debate within the Nobel community that destroyed the economics prize and is eating away at whether there is anything left but math when you skim more than superficially. It is one of the most profound institutional self-examinations ever. The film didn't mine this lode either.All missed opportunities. Wouldn't you like to have been transported rather than merely made to cry?What we get instead is a powerful actor and a competent director. Crowe's trick is to project his character not only into the space around him but into the space of the following scene -- largely by physical motion, usually involving the forehead. Good. But the mannerisms are not those of a mathematician in the Wiener tradition. The accent is not accurate, just an excuse to give new rhythms to the bland lines. The effect of the madness is not true, reflecting prior movies more than reality.Howard's directing is completely without risk, art, interest. The one effect he tries is a bunch of fiddling with glass: shots through windows, often with (irrelevant) mathematical doodles. These are amateurish because the film has no inner cosmology within which one can register the metaphor. Compare this with the use of glass in `Spy Game.' MIT has a specific, abstract feel that is very easy to capture, but it somehow eluded the location scout.See it. Enjoy it. But weep for the `lesser mortals' who fabricated it and mind the opportunities they missed.
bad I have always been a fantasy genre hardcore fan since I was a child. Whether it is a book or a movie, I have always given it a try and guess what! I have enjoyed most of them but not this one, sorry fans! Having heard all the praise and seen the high ratings and recommendations, I finally rented it and finished the chore of watching it a couple of hours ago. I almost never stop watching a movie, no matter how awful it is and kept watching this one because I was looking for something more, something close to its 8.1 rating (which should have 1.8!). I understand many people who still love it, have memories and nostalgic childhood feelings for it but I still believe there were more 80s movies in fantasy genre which had better story, better acting, better dialogues and better visual effects!!! This film is about a girl named Buttercup (seriously?) who is deeply in love with a Westly! farm boy (which could have been much better if their love was pictured more than " as you wish" means "I love you" and a kiss!). Then the boy is gone and the girl is becoming the princess bride by getting engaged to an evil prince who plans to kill her so put the blame on enemy and people get mad because they love their buttercup (again why do they love her? do they personally know her? was she specially kind to them? or maybe because their daughters were saved by this marriage) and attack the land of enemy. There are some zorro-ish sword fight in between, a very not funny kidnapper and some of the worst and most nonsense dialogues I have ever heard in a movie. Oh, I forgot the rat which was like one of those Halloween costumes that kids wear. I'm sure they acted like a better rat if they were put on their all fours and auditioned for the part! Anyway, I do not recommend it to any one who is impressed by all the love for this film. Those who love it will always love it so they'd better watch it together but do not include their kids or adults who they think will certainly love it. No please don't do that to them. I confess I wanted to express my views on the message board but i knew I'd be murdered so I wrote my review and gave it 5 stars (though it deserves much less) because I myself am a very nostalgic person and live with my memories so 5 stars to all those who have kept this movie alive but gonna show mercy on the others!
bad This film is not recommended.Frank Miller's Sin City 2: A Dame to Kill For may seem like an excessively long title, but excessive and long do perfectly describe this film.Filmed in black and white, with spatters of killer red blood to give it some panache, the film is a stylish crime thriller with live action and graphic (as in novel and/or violence) effects. Similar to its 2005 predecessor (which I thoroughly enjoyed), but now lacking in its originality and inventiveness, Frank Miller's Sin City 2: A Dame to Kill seems like a cheap knock-off. Its homage to film noir, with its femme-fatales and tough guys, wears thin by its gory conclusion, even if the package looks swell. Evil is everywhere. After all, this is Sin City. The film's underlying sadism and misogyny is disguised by the film's surreal and artful use of stark black & white imagery with burst of color to accentuate every scene. Women remain highly sexualized beings, objects of desire. Men fall in the category of corrupt fools, desperate schmucks, romantic lugs, or bloodthirsty savages. Some of the same characters are back. Deformed goon Marv (Mickey Rourke), pitiful stripper Nancy (Jessica Alba), seedy PI and hero type Dwight (now played by Josh Brolin), prostitute and dominatrix Gail (Rosario Dawson), corrupt politician and main villain Senator Roarke (Powers Boothe), even dead dick (Bruce Willis) appears briefly. But their pulp fiction story lines are monotonous reminders of better told tales from the original source. New characters do enter the multi-story format: A young gambler (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), sexy slut Ava (Eva Green), who just can't keep her clothes on, and other unsavory characters come and go. Their stories give the film some needed energy, but most of the action is rather dull, even with the fancy facades.The excessive nudity and violence is the predominant shock factor in this genre. Blood and boobs reign supreme. In fact, Ms. Green's breasts have a life of their own. Her ample bosoms seem to have more screen time than the actress herself. (But who's complaining? Certainly not the intended audience of fan-boys and adolescents.)Directed by Mr. Miller himself and Robert Rodriguez, Frank Miller's Sin City 2: A Dame to Kill For is a pop extravaganza that implodes from its own excesses. Unlike its first incarnation which had an artistic execution and vision, this version is literally all execution without any artistic vision. The film's overall look has a flatness and artificiality, relying on garish make-up and far too many CGI visual tricks. Its narrative structure is as choppy as one of the film's Ninja Amazon killers. Frank Miller's Sin City 2: A Dame to Kill For just ain't any fun the second time around. Ultimately, this film parody becomes a parody onto itself. It tends to exhaust rather than exhilarate its movie-going audience. GRADE: D+Visit my blog at: www.dearmoviegoer.comANY COMMENTS: Please contact me at: jadepietro@rcn.com
bad Five minutes into Bad Moms, I already knew that I had made the wrong choice. I was hoping for a silly comedy staring some actresses I find to be hilarious (Kristen Bell, Kathryn Hahn.) This was not the case, as most of the jokes are raunchy, cringe-worthy mom jokes.The worst thing about this movie, which is obvious from the opening monologue, is that it is corny. The story is corny. The characters are corny. The jokes are corny. The only audience that might let them get away with this cheese-fest, is mothers, because they will be able to relate.This movie has its moments, but the majority of its laughs fall flat. Particularly bad were a couple of different montages, specifically, one of the girls drunk grocery shopping. Most disappointing is how unfunny Kathryn Hahn is, it seems that every word that comes out her mouth has to do with sex.This movie also fails to follow some of the basic rules of a screenplay. The characters speak for the writer, not for themselves. The main conflict doesn't even come up until half way through the movie.The brightest spot of this movie is Kristen Bell's character Kiki, who is a weird stay at home mom. She provides almost all of the enjoyment you will get out of this film. JJ Watt and Martha Stewart also have funny cameos.I would not recommend this movie unless you are a mother. If you are anything but, avoid this train wreck at all costs.Game of Thrones SPOILERS BELOWThey also spoiled Jon Snow's death for the sake of a mediocre joke. Not Cool.
bad This is up there with Crystal Skull and Lost World as one of Spielberg's biggest turds. So so bad. For starters this is nothing like the book. The book is all about the details and this adaptation totally misses those. The dialogue was by the numbers. Lots of exposition and at times flat out cheesy. Lots of tell, very little show. Little to no character development. Wade has zero arc in the movie. He's just kind of there. Nothing made me really care for him. I found myself bored many times and the only times I laughed where when I couldn't believe how comically bad this was. Massive disappointment.
bad What a third class movie. Made on the Same formula as the likes of divergent, maze runner and lots of others... Was hoping to see some alien vs human action. But Nooo the producer had to ruin my expectations... The viewers are forced to see the same crap, sexually confused really innocent know nothing teens. Who have just all the right of knowledge when needed to fight soldiers and know how on shooting all kind of possible guns... The lead actress, Ohhh she is a sight to see, if you are blind and don't know what emotions are... I think she could have been better playing an alien... That would be more believe able... Again what a brain fryer... Good going director. I could make better film in my sleep then this... Just one request to the rating dept. They should introduce a rating for Formula movies too. So that we have warning before ruining my brain cells... What a waste of time...
bad Coco (2017) is an animated film co-directed by Lee Unkrich and Adrian Molina. It is a story set in the fictitious Mexican town of Santa Cecilia, where young Miguel (Anthony Gonzalez) embarks on a journey when his passion in life and dreams are called into question by his family. All Miguel wants from this life is emulating the great and famous singer Ernesto de la Cruz (Benjamin Bratt) but his abuela and relatives oppose. Miguel must come to terms with his family and return back home after he disrespects the "dia de los muertos" tradition and a curse falls upon him, trapping him with the dead. He finds help from the deceased Hector (Gael Garcia) and members of his family like Mama Imelda (Alana Ubach) as he finds a way to express his talents and learns family history. At its core Coco is a story about passion, memory and family. Miguel follows a story arch where he must learn self value, bravery and the value of being true to one's self while remaining loyal to family, respecting tradition and remembering one's past in the form of family history. With a reputation for great storytelling, juggernauts Disney and Pixar have found a way to tell a story with such a worn arch with a new and authentic style. A lesson is learned by almost every main character as they grow and develop. Passion is pitted against tradition (and perhaps stubborn customs) and the outcome produces strong emotions on the viewer. At times the story felt carried itself with the drama and flair of a Mexican "Telenovela". These are some rich themes for what may be considered a "kid's film" but they develop organically and are never forced. However the film doesn't lack that slapstick humour or easy and quirky kid's comedy (Especially present in the playfulness of the dead characters' bones). The production team made a respectable effort preparing for the production of this film, and the results were worthwhile and evident. The film is brilliantly set in Mexico, showcasing a wide range of customs and cultural icons that made the film feel authentic. Everything from Mexican cuisine (Like tacos, tamales or "pan de muerto") to celebrities (Like Frida Kahlo, El Santo, Pedro Infante or Cantinflas) make an appearance. Traditional "Mariachi" or "Charro" suits and elaborate woman hairstyles are accurately represented. Mexican family culture is accurately represented from the respect towards our loving, stern and kiss filling abuelas, to that spicy and sassy personality characteristic of Mexican and Latin women. Even the idolization of popular musical icons, similar to Ernesto de la Cruz in the film, resembles the decades old fascination with the likes of actual celebrities like Pedro Infante or Jose Alfredo Jimenez. I authentically felt the story was set in a real, picturesque Mexican pueblo. Every small detail felt in place and that enhanced the story. The film understands and respects the traditions of "dia de los muertos" while giving it a modern twist. Despite the difficulties, and risks, that come with portraying such a rich and complex culture the film makes a much appreciated effort in introducing a side of Mexican culture that is at times neglected in favour of easy-to-go stereotypes.The film felt beautifully animated with intricate finger movements while playing a worn-out guitar or the miniscule pores and imperfections of the bones. Visually gorgeous and impressive the film makes use of a brightly coloured pallet, like with the rich orange used for the "cempazuchitl" flowers or the "papel picado" banners. The music fit perfectly with the tone used for the story and never stopped having a particularly Mexican flavour from the use of the guitar or trumpets to the "marimba". The score continued to set the story appropriately. Coco is carried by memorable fun moments, like Miguel's encounter with exotic Frida Kahlo, and beautiful and emotionally filled ones, such as that of the last act which grounded the story's themes of love for music and family during a scene that is sure to invoke a tear or two. Despite a few moments where it felt that the plot was driven by the oversimplified and unexplained mechanics of the curse, the film in general doesn't stop being the memorable and enjoyable experience of a familiar story executed with fresh and authentic style.
bad Although it's not Lawrence of Arabia, and Robert Pattinson suffers from O'Toole comparison, director Werner Herzog still brings to life the hitherto little-known heroine, Gertrude Bell (Nicole Kidman). Her exploits at the beginning of the 20th century helped cast a favorite light on Bedouins and Druses as she moved among them and helped negotiate the end-of-WWI land split in Arabia and environs.Herzog will have to suffer my criticism that remembers his crazed but magnetic wild men like Aguirre and Fitzcaraldo. Queen lacks the energy in his many stories of madmen like Aguirre. Here, while Nicole appears aristocratic and smart, she never rises above the thoughtful scholar or emerging anthropologist.Alas, too much is the time spent with the two loves of her life and not enough time among the tribes and diplomats she had to corral to get her inside unknown territory. Why must women in movies still be defined by the men they love? Herzog is not at his best with virtually half the film watching her dance around the Tehran Embassy diplomat, Henry Cadogan (James Franco), and the British officer, Charles Doughty-Wylie (Damian Lewis). Herzog misses the more romantic possibilities of her involvement in the war effort in favor of two not very interesting romances.That her loves tend toward their suicide hints at the powerful woman who could have sparked these annihilations. Kidman, a fine actress who gives a nuanced performance here, is mostly directed to play coy more than adventuresome.
bad As a huge fan of fantasy books and films, I had very high hopes for this one... Especially when people said "oh, you liked Lord of the Rings? You'll love this!" The verdict? I now know who *not* to listen to next time. If your tastes are similar to mine, you tend to read the books before watching the movies and you don't really follow particular actors. So, really, I had high expectations for this film - and that might've been the problem... Charlize Theron played the evil queen well but I would've loved it if the film had delved further into the queen's history as several ideas were started but never really explained (I have a decent imagination but I don't really think, as a viewer, I should be entirely responsible for thinking up ways to connect the dots). For instance, why is the Queen able to feel everything her brother feels? Why did her mother decide to give her the spell rather than both her and her brother or just her brother? And why, once we get into the meat (or the attempt at the meat) of the story, did the Queen spare Snow White's life when she didn't yet know Snow White was "the fairest"? And if she did know, all the more reason! Why spare her?? The Huntsman was, I would argue, the best developed character - at least in comparison to the others. At the very least, you knew enough to explain his drinking problem and his bitterness... That said, his wasn't an overly complex character to portray. For exactly that reason, it seemed more than a little ridiculous that the Huntsman *alone* carried the romantic scenes between he and Snow White. For instance, at one point, as he leads Snow White through the forest, he takes a knife to her skirts (apparently he thought they were getting in the way). Snow White stares blankly at the Huntsman and it is only once he says "don't flatter yourself" that you realize the emotion Snow White was supposedly showing was chaste shock. Granted that, perhaps if I was more familiar with Kristen Stewart's acting, I might have recognized what she was portraying, but, on the other hand, I'm more of the mind that I shouldn't need to know your acting style in order to recognize so basic an emotion. This kind of jarring (not in a good way) and unbalanced acting was repeated at the end of the film when Snow White is crowned and the Huntsman enters the room. Looking at Snow White, one sees only a blank yet tearful smile, but when The camera turns to the Huntsman it dawns on you that there was supposed to be some sort of moment passing between them. All in all, the chemistry existed only on the side of the Huntsman, leaving much to be desired from Kristen Stewart's portrayal. And that, of course, brings us to Snow White. The character seems to borrow much from Joan of Arc to the point that one might wonder if she wondered into the wrong film. There is an attempt to develop the character but Ms Stewart seems to be little able to carry the development of what might have been a very strong female character. The only hint of real strength comes with Snow White's battle speech which would've been fantastic except for the utter lack of build up to this newfound strength of character. So, in spite of the best intentions, this moment came across as contrived. If only Kristen Stewart had managed to keep up that pace of energy throughout the rest of the film, it might have been more believable. So, unfortunately, though I had high hopes, I actually found myself rolling my eyes frequently and feeling a bit like I was watching someone show off all his "super awesome" visual effects - which *was* pretty cool... Just not enough to carry a story. In conclusion, if you count yourself as one who likes a good plot, great character development, and strong female leads... Either lower your expectations or skip this one entirely.
bad A few years ago late night comedic TV show hosts used to do this thing where they'd just use internet terms outside of the internet as the entire punchline to a joke. They'd say "YOLOOOOO!!!" and "L-O-L" and "Hashtag_____". The joke was that they were old and using young peoples lingo and internet things are funny so you don't even need to write any material just say those words apparently. That was some of the cringiest work going about. The modern version of that is just saying "Tinder" over and over and over again or using shock words like "finger ing" and saying that over and over and over until it looses its comedic shock. Thats what happened in this movie. Seriously there was at least 9 tinder jokes that were awkwardly slapped into scenes. Adam devine was the only saving grace in this flick. And even still it was a weak poor performance from him. You're better off stringing together an entire season of Workaholics and watching that instead of this, because this felt like a workaholics episode but 50% less funny. It was really cring-y to watch the 2 chic characters try and act drunk for a good portion of the movie. They just slur their words and hicup a lot and mention "fist ing" and "tinder" and "finger ing" over and over, its not funny unless you've never been exposed to dirty humour before. Why didn't they just have a few drinks before filming? do some method acting would've made it more convincing then watching a clearly sober person act drunk. It looks like They were sipping on a fresh wheat grass juice under an umbrella and the director yelled "action" and they just started swaying around and slurring dialogue to appear inebriated. Hollywood seems to be the opposite to where it was years ago. The actors were all completely smashed drunk and on screen trying to act sober like Oliver Reed. The last thing I saw Audrey plaza in was that Father John Misty video and she was ace in those 3 mins. Sucked hard in this film though. Im not sure if we have reached peak shock humour but i'd say we'd be close. There's only so many times you can just shout shocking words before the audience members become accustomed to those and it no longer has a comedic angle. At least in Workaholics they'd get creative with words, mixing stuff together and generating some new phareses like "Ayoooo-maggots!" The worlds changed and I don't think you can get away with this sort of thing anymore. You have to at some point start writing some proper material instead of relying on the laugh that comes from an audience member hearing a dirty word they've herd a million times in private but never on the big screen. I think directors are forced to get Effron to take off his top in each movie because it translates to an extra 10 million views world wide $$$$$$$$. Hey the kid looks good. Shocking actor. Yes Audrey plazza even said "Hashtag" out loud as an actual joke in this film. pure toilet movie. Rubbish Trash Garbage
bad The Shining, you know what's weird about this movie? This is the movie that everyone, for people who claim to not like horror films, will always say that The Shining is a terrific film. This is Stanley Kubrick's classic vision of Stephen King's horror tale of madness and blood. This is just an incredible film and wither you have seen it or not, you have heard of it, know a few lines from it, and know some of the classic images. Who could forget Jack's "Here's Johnny!"? Who could forget "All Work and No Play Make Jack a Dull Boy"? Who could forget that chilling ending? This is the film that is unforgettable and honestly in my opinion is Kubrick's best work. I know there is a lot of argument in that department, a lot of people say it's 2001: A Space Odyssey or Clockwork Orange or even Dr. Strangelove, but if those film pioneered film making, then The Shining perfected it. This is the tale of isolation, madness, terrifying images, and the ultimate ghost story that will crawl underneath your skin. Jack Torrance, Jack's son Danny, and Jack's wife, Wendy arrive at the Overlook Hotel on closing day. The elderly African-American chef, Dick Hallorann, surprises Danny by speaking to him telepathically and offering him some ice cream. He explains to Danny that he and his grandmother shared the gift; they called the communication "shining." Danny asks if there is anything to be afraid of in the hotel, particularly Room 237. Dick tells Danny that the hotel has a certain "shine" to it and many memories, not all of them good, and advises him to stay out of room 237 under all circumstances. Danny's curiosity about Room 237 finally gets the better of him when he sees the room has been opened. Danny shows up injured and visibly traumatized after Jack tells Wendy that he loves his family. Seeing this, Wendy thinks Jack has been abusing Danny. Jack wanders into the hotel's Gold Room where he meets a ghostly bartender named Lloyd. Danny starts calling out the word "redrum" frantically, and scribbling it on walls. He goes into a trance, and withdraws; he now says that he is Tony, his own "imaginary friend." Jack sabotages the hotel radio, cutting off communication from the outside world, but Hallorann has received Danny's telepathic cry for help and is on his way. Wendy discovers that Jack has been typing endless pages of manuscript repeating "All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy" formatted in various ways. Horrified, Jack threatens her and she knocks him unconscious with a baseball bat, locking him in a storage locker in the kitchen. Jack converses with Grady through the door of the locker, which then unlocks releasing him. Danny has written "REDRUM" in lipstick on the door of Wendy's bedroom. When she looks in the mirror, she sees that it is "Murder" spelled backwards. Jack picks up an axe and begins to chop through the door leading to his family's living quarters. "Here's Johnny!", and Jack's legendary image is born.The Shining is one of those films that you seriously have to make time to see, this is an incredible film and still gives me nightmares. Jack Nicholson's performance is timeless and unforgettable. But one I also feel is extremely overlooked is Shelley Duvall, her scene of finding Jack's rant All Work is incredible, that's a look of horror and you can see that fear in her face after realizing her husband is mad. Also another incredible scene is when Jack sees a ghost woman in the bathtub, it's honestly one of the most terrifying scenes in horror cinema. The reason this film is so well known is because it's a film of perfection, it's been on The Simpsons, it's been shown in other films and it's a film that will forever stay with you when you see it, trust me.10/10
bad Captain Jack Sparrow (Johnny Depp) is not y/our typical Errol Flynn type of machismo, swashbuckling pirate; nor does he play another Disney Captain Hook. He's more like Fagan in "Oliver." Capt. Sparrow's ever so fey. That's his charm.Though the pirates on the "Black Pearl" ship are dead & sometimes in their skeleton form they aren't scary enough for kids since this is a comedy.The story line goes as follows: A governor's daughter is in charge of a young boy her own age who has been pulled out of the sea by her father's bourgeoisie crew. She notices his necklace is a pirate's & takes it from him to protect him from being hung to death.But, the golden medallion is the last 1 of a pirate's treasure that has cursed the "Black Pearl" ship's crew. Without its return, with the blood of the boy on it, the skeletal crew remains dead, unable to feel any life in themselves; they are also not killable since they are already dead.Capt. Sparrow (Depp), though a bumbling comical pirate who's bent upon owning the "Black Pearl," the ship the cursed crew stole from him, plays a marvelously lovable & lucky pirate who is the super glue that holds together the loose ends of the movie. Depp gives his cutest performance I've seen; he's now my favorite pirate! The script is clever; cinematography is fine; special effects are spot-on.
bad Up to and including "Spirited Away", the animated films by Studio Ghibli are of a high standard both technically and in spirit. With "Howl's Moving Castle", the soulful quality of the earlier films that peaked with "Princess Mononoke" disappears and what we get is an empty shell of a story that exploits typical Studio Ghibli motifs and themes and the studio's technical virtuosity. All the familiar devices of earlier films – a young female protagonist on the verge of adulthood, elderly women, a flawed hero with shamanic characteristics, heroes and villains manipulated by more powerful characters of uncertain quality, sophisticated flying technology in an alternative 19th-century steampunk world – are worked over in a fantasy aimed (cynically it seems to me) at a mainstream Western audience and the result looks very cheesy and manipulative with an ulterior message that superficially celebrates female bravery but channels it into socially restrictive roles.The story's heroine is a plain-jane working-class hat-maker called Sophie who accidentally meets a young wizard Howl and so arouses the jealousy of the Witch of the Waste who turns her into an old woman. Sophie runs away and meets a scarecrow called Turnip who takes her to Howl's over-sized trailer-park home. Here she meets a fire demon called Calcifer and Howl's child assistant Markl. Sophie insinuates herself into Calcifer, Markl and Howl's lives by claiming to be a cleaning-woman and through her association with the unlikely trio, is drawn into a war between Howl's country and an enemy realm missing its Crown Prince; during the film's course the war also moves into Sophie's country. Howl is forced to participate in this war at the cost of eventually losing his humanity through repeated transformations into a bird creature. Sophie comes to realise that Howl and the Witch of the Waste are pawns of more powerful forces, represented in part by Madame Suliman, the former mentor of Howl, and Sophie's work for the rest of the film is cut out trying to locate Howl's missing heart, the mysterious connection between Howl and Calcifer, ending the war and locating the missing Crown Prince.Working out all the different strands of the film and connecting them together might take viewers 2 – 3 viewings which would expose them to an excess of saccharine musical schmaltz and a deadly "love conquers all" radiation cloud in the tradition of Beauty-and-the-Beast stories. I think if I had to sit through this film again, my hair and teeth will start falling out, my skin will break out into ulcers and bruises will mysteriously appear and spread. Characters are poorly developed and the love Sophie feels for the feckless Howl is so unbelievable as to be laughable; she would have been better off taking her chances with Turnip who performs a noble act of voluntary self-sacrifice in comparison with Howl who fights because he is compelled to, not out of free will.The war merely forms a backdrop to the events and all the various characters can do is try to stop it without understanding anything about the lead-up to it and why Suliman forces Howl to do her dirty work; or participate in it. Even the animation of the war and its participants looks like a cut-and-paste job of previous Miyazaki / Studio Ghibli films like "Nausicaa of the Valley of Winds", "Porcorosso", "Laputa: Castle in the Sky" and "Princess Mononoke": several flying machines look like those giant bug monsters of "Nausicaa " with wing-flaps added as an afterthought. Backgrounds are visually gorgeous at first but turn out to be generic according to the role they have to play so, for example, town scenes have a dreamy alternative-universe quality similar to scenes in "Kiki's Delivery Service" which takes place in a similar alternative 1950s universe that might well follow on in the future from "Howl's Moving Castle".The film is too long and its story is too intricate to work as a family film, the characters are shallow and implausible, the animation is cynically overwhelming and unoriginal. Worst of all is the film's message about what happens to girls eventually: they get to play brave heroines for a brief while and once they are adults, they can be either beautiful scheming bitches like Suliman or domestic-goddess workaholics like the geriatric Sophie slaving away for love. Issues like the nature of war – Miyazaki made the movie partly in protest at the US-led invasion of Iraq in 2003 – are sidelined so much that all the eye- blinking in the world couldn't make them more missed. No way in the world would I recommend this film for families with young daughters. I feel so cheated having seen it.
bad I don't really get it. There is this mennonite boy who has a bad accident and then is an adult male tending bar in a raunchy night club and has these decent fight skills who is that boy, this all occurs in a very short time, and if U find this confusing, then I suggest U not watch the movie, cause that is the dip stick for your interest.Throw in a blade runner atmosphere and U can roll with it. Acting is a let down for some characters, basically wanna be actors trying to be their characters but not really getting it, especially some of the guy characters. The primary protagonist did a good job, however, some of that was due to the atmosphere created around him.Some kinky scenes, back to the blade runner thing, but with poor acting for some characters.The protagonist with no character build up gives us the futuristic city tour with his 'investigation'. For the most part elevator music accompanies the various scenes, stuff a lot of people could create in a few hrs and a basic music program on their computer.More time with foundation and less time with the surreal please.
bad Waste of time. Bad performances, bad writing, bad movie.
bad As a viewer who has enjoyed a handful of Nicolas Winding Refn's works like Drive, Bronson, Valhalla Rising, and even Only God Forgives – which I defended wholeheartedly in a 2013 Amazon review – it pains me a little to kick off my review with the following statement: It is difficult to decide what I dislike most about Nicolas Winding Refn's The Neon Demon. Critics giving Demon positive reviews and arguing that its monomaniacal focus on style is intentionally on par with the film's message are missing the reality that NWR's creative juices are simply dried up at the moment.So what is the least admirable trait of Refn's latest? Is it the paucity original thought? The onslaught of the routinely neon- drenched Kubrickian imagery? The fact that a good sixth of the movie feels like the director got away with making fetish porn with an Amazon Studios (and about a half dozen other production companies) budget? I'm not even going to start in on the film's literal blood baths, but I think that the lack of originality is probably the worst part.Audiences have already seen everything that The Neon Demon has to offer. Cinematically speaking, there is nothing more than the usual slew of rehashed Kubrick frames (including a groan-worthy Shining shout out within the first few minutes). Aside from a memorable strobe- light inspired scene of a performance at a model- populated L.A. party, Refn adds nothing new to his aesthetic arsenal that he has not already splashed on the screen with his previous four films.From a narrative standpoint, one should not expect a fully-formed, fleshed out story or characters. These are not Refn's preoccupations when making a movie, and there's nothing inherently wrong with that. That is, if the film's style and themes can compensate. Stylistically (see paragraph above), it does not hold any substantial weight. Unfortunately, there is even more of a thematic drought.At one point in the film, the increasingly narcissistic protagonist Jesse (Elle Fanning) says that other girls will cut, carve, inject, and do anything else to their own bodies just so that they can look like a second- rate version of her. The girl from the small town who seemed so nice starts becoming a bit conceited by her time in the fashion industry. Can you believe it? Imagine that! Wow, what is the director trying to say about fashion? Hollywood? The male gaze? SOCIETY?If there is one thing that 2106 films like The Neon Demon and Zoolander 2 should be teaching would-be blockbuster directors and art-house auteurs alike, it is that the fashion industry has become one of the stalest targets for satire in any artistic medium or genre. It's not that superficiality doesn't deserve it, but at this point if a writer or a director has nothing original to say about it, then they should not be saying anything all.To be fair, the trite and shiny cloud of unoriginality that is The Neon Demon does have its silver linings. I have never felt so badly for a film score than I do for Cliff Martinez's excellent work on this soundtrack. While the message of the movie will blend in with the mental smoothie of other Hollywood/superficiality parable flicks, I will not easily be able to excise Martinez's thumping synths from my ears. I will also never forget the intensity of Abbey Lee's stares.There are also less silvery scenes involving Jena Malone taking the tired psycho lesbian trope to whole new level and an absurdly Nicolas Cage-esque Keanu Reeves as an acrimonious motel manager that I will not forget for other reasons (primarily the random shock-less "shock value" senselessness of them). I wish I could recommend The Neon Demon as a startlingly original work from a gifted auteur, but it feels like Refn simply isn't challenging himself or the audience in any meaningful way. Here's hoping that this kind of trite and shiny would-be shock fest will not be the only thing that Refn has to offer cinema in the future.
bad It is sad that writers think that if they write a story with a female mayor a female boss of a female lead detective combined with a gay lead male role all together in the pilot, that they will have a hit. Each role alone seems close to truth and there makes a good story, but to group all together sorry bad writing. What is worst of all 0 male roles. Sorry there was one small role he gets punched in the gut in the beginning. Not interested also not written by cast or family .....just saying.
bad Yesterday I watched the remake of The beguiled and I found it much less impressive than the film made in 1971, but I couldn't remember so well the older version because I watched it more or less 20 years ago so I decided to watch it today to make a comparison. I find that the new version was completely spoiled by PC fanaticism. I don't understand why Sofia Coppola left out Hallie the slave, slavery was a key point on the American Civil war and Hallie was an important character with lots of interesting dialogues. She also left out the scenes of the crush between the soldier and Amy, the 12 years old girl in order to not shock people with paedophilia. The incestuous memories of Martha were also left out. In summary, she impoverished the characters, their relationships and their thoughts to avoid shocking PC people and replaced the interesting varied characters by a group of pretty blondes. The first version is much more thrilling and interesting. It's a shame that now with much better make up and photography the core of the film was spoiled.
bad This movie does a huge disservice to the book. The screenwriter/director went on an ego trip and cut and/or drastically changed characters, changed the setting, and then did lip service to most of the major scenes. Some of the most pivotal scenes in the movie were present, but the setup for why they were important was never made, so when those scenes took place you were just sitting there going "meh." Example - Ben shows up with dyed hair in the kitchen, but the reaction from the sisters is not nearly as volatile because there's no setup for their circumstances. They skipped over the sh*% storm of an environment that the mother returns to when she comes back with Diane. Later on, when you meet Ben Day as an adult, he is balding and his natural hair color is dark brown...completely eliminating the significance of the dye. They took away all the suspense of the movie, every person you suspected of committing the murders in the book wasn't even suspicious in the movie. Long before the climactic scene, you knew who killed everyone and you didn't care. Then for some unknown reason they changed the end to something that is just incredibly boring. Example - Lou Cates is presented as some scrawny average middle aged man, not intimidating at all, and except for some side comment by Lyle about him being arrested later for assault, you would never have known he had any kind of depth to him at all, but by the time you find that out, you don't care and he's never presented as a potential suspect.None of the characters were properly developed; they were inconsistent with the book, and within the movie itself. Diondra was some sad emotional, but slightly manipulative girl whose only erratic behavior took place under the influence of drugs. How you go from that to what she does makes no sense at all, whereas in the book her actions were consistent with her character.Other than a small example of kleptomania, Libby Day was never developed as the dark, disturbed person that Gillian Flynn wrote about. One of the primary agenda's of Gillian Flynn's writing is to show that women can be just as dark and twisted as your stereotypical dark male protagonist; this movie failed miserably in that. Lastly, I'm not really sure what movie the other reviewers watched, but the acting was about as good your average lifetime network special. The scene at the Cates' house was particularly abysmal...no one was believable. Just a huge waste of an amazing book.
bad HONEY, WE SHRUNK OURSELVES, in my opinion, is an absolutely wild and wacky sci-fi comedy that you will surely enjoy. If you ask me, the cockroach was the scariest of all the dangers in the house. Also, Wayne (Rick Moranis) really was an absent-minded scientist. Don't get me wrong, but I thought that it was funny when he told Diane (Eve Gordon) that he shrunk himself, his brother (Stuart Pankin), and his wife (Robin Bartlett). In conclusion, if you like Rick Moranis or hilarious sci-fi comedies, I highly recommend this absolutely wild and wacky adventure that you will surely enjoy. You're in for a good time if you haven't seen it, so be prepared!
bad I have always enjoyed this type of story and have read and watched many of them. Ghost Whisperer has to be one of the best I've seen yet. Other than the news, I watch only two or three shows on TV. One of those is Medium which I thought was very good until Ghost Whisperer came on. Jennifer Hewitt is a pretty women but for me, her acting overshadows her beauty. In fact, all the acting is above the norm for TV. I hope that the writer will focus on David Conrad and Aisha Tyler to give them a chance to show their skills as well. Both play excellent supporting rolls and I suspect could enhance the show with a little more presence. With Medium, I'm disappointed with the rude kids, complaining husband and crybaby wife. The idea of the show is good but I don't expect it to last long because of the characters. Ghost Whisperer, on the other hand has everything going for it. May it live long and prosper!
bad I don't want to spoil a lot, so ill just give ratings with a brief description on certain elements of this so-called "film".Acting; 3/10. The acting was misplaced, awkward.. not to look at. At least convince us you're an intense guy, Mr. Grey. Plot: 1/10. that wasn't a plot for a normal movie, it was a plot for soft-core porn.. which had as terrible acting in it as real porn. Camera work/scenery/etc. 7/10 for what it is.. great camera work i guess and good sceneryRomance; 2/10. I've seen the notebook... that's romance. This is a poor attempt to romance. It tries to tell you they're madly in love, but it's just a weird sexual relationship.Drama: 1/10. there is no thrill.. no intense things going on. There is no drama in this soft-core-erotic-drama. "The deeds" 10/10.. they did it. so.. can't give it any lower points than this. Overall, it's was horrible acted, plot-less, non-romantic nor drama movie about a girl being horny and the guy doing an attempt of BDSM, which comes down to.. soft-core.. almost nothing different than normal sex with bondage.. boring sh*t. on that note, go watch the kings man; secret service. that's one of the best action movies i've seen in a while!
bad 'Bleeding Steel' is a sci-fi action film starring Jackie Chan, co produced by both Chinese and Australian film company.Jackie Chan also serves the producer of the film. It has action, stunts, car chasing, fight scene,extoic location, pretty actress,handsome actor, interesting story. But the outcome of the film is not as good as it should be due to: (1) Poor editing at several imporant scene , (2)Several unfunny jokes, (3) Too much flashback , (4) Poor script that turns a 'could be' interesting story into a mess , (5) Poor CGI, (6) Poor acting,(7)Poor dialogue....At the age of 64, Jackie had already done his best to do the action . But the poor edit had ruined the film. Maybe it is necessary because Jackie is obviously slowing down.The edit will help to hide his weakness . Also the film focus too much on how the little girl discover her relationship with the character played by Jackie in the film, unfortunately the process is so boring and uninteresting. Besides, the action scene appear so sudden on the screen. Jackie is just like Batman on the Dark Knight Triology. On some occasion he appeared in the film just because of doing action,and it is not very related to the story, which is similar to the situation of Jackie in 'The Foreigner'. But The Foreigner has better screen play,better actor, better fight with good action design,better humor and a more intense story.'Bleeding Steel' is just look like a film with different clips being put together in a wrong sequence and become a MTV,with no soul.The director just don't know how to direct and edit. He ruined the film. Even the fight at the Sydney Opera House become uninteresting because of the poor script and edit.True Chan fans will discover many elements in this film have alreay appeared in his past film,in particular 'New Police Story'. But NPS had several nicely shoot action scene that save the film. This film just don't have .Also , I think fans are getting bored to see Jackie crying in every film. He acts good. But I think it is enough for uncessary crying scene. His recent film is always about revenge,some body die and he has to look for the murderer. The audience just get bored. If Jackie still want to be in the film industry and make good film, he should seriously choose script, director and his co-star. This film is even worse than 'The Medallion' and ' Around the World in 80 days' . Because these film are pure Engilsh film and have better CGI. Overall, this film is a drag in Jackie's film career.The director tried to copy the style of 'First Strike',"Who am I ' and 'Nice Guy' to be a Chinese made international action film. But at that time Jackie is still young and can do some dangerous stunts and fancy fights. But now he cannot. Also those film are not about Sci-Fi,filmmakers are able to handle more easily. Therefore this film just look weired.(4.5 out of 10)
bad Another year, another awful horror film with Blumhouse's name slapped all over. I give them a bit more slack since they did produce Get Out, (and they will not let you forget that) but it seems as though they specialize in bringing mind numbingly bad films to theaters. Truth or Dare is no different. Truth or Dare follows a group of 30 year olds trying to play college students taking a spring break trip to Mexico. On their last night, they wind up in an odd place playing and even odder game of truth or dare. Thinking it's all a joke, they return home to find out that the sinister game has followed them home. The premise of this film is the only positive thing about it. I believe this movie could have been executed into a somewhat decent film if it had competent people working on it. Right of the bat however, it is obvious that competence was lacking during the production of this film. The first scene of the film features segments that are poorly shot, poorly acted, and poorly written, ( a hat trick of mediocrity if you will) and it just gets worse from there. After the first scene, we're introduced to our protagonists for the runtime. Not only are they poorly acted across the board, but they also happen to be the worst group of friends ever. Throughout the film, we find out secrets from our characters that only seem to make them even more insufferable than they already were. By the end, I didn't care at all what happened to them and mostly wondered why they were all even friends to begin with. A big problem this film has is that it's blatantly apparent how edited down the movie is. It's obvious that this was supposed to be an R-rated film that producers knew would make more money if it was PG-13. This robs the experience of a lot of punch it could've had. If they had gone all the way with some of the death scenes, there could have been a redeeming quality here, but instead we get hacked down cutscenes. A character slits their throat and in the following shot, there's no cut on the character's neck. Some interesting gore effects could have partly saved the monotony of many of the death scenes.However, the biggest issue here has to be the writing. Character's motivations and actions are fairly obvious and predictable when they make sense. Then there are moments where things just happen for no reasons or characters due things with little reasoning, and whatever reasoning is given is often very flawed logic or makes no sense. Twists and turns can be seen coming from a mile away. The film is mostly just bland. Then there are times when the film takes a comedic turn albeit unintentionally but still nonetheless hilarious. Bad acting, bad line reading, corny dialogue or bad editing often culminate into you trying your hardest to not bust out into laughter. This film is a baffling case of filmmaking gone horribly wrong.That being said, I can't say that I didn't enjoy my time with this movie. It's god awful in every technical sense imaginable and presents no good scares, but it's probably the funniest film I've seen this year. If you're looking for the next movie to make you tense up in your seat from fear, stay far away from here. Although if you're bad film you can constantly get a laugh from, Truth or Dare may be right up your alley. Like The Bye Bye Man before it, Truth or Dare is a train wreck of a film that fails in almost every aspect except in making the audience unintentionally die from laughter.
bad Let me start by saying I love movies, I love Coen Bros, Wes Anderson style cinema. My family has watched at least 2 Coen Brothers movies each holiday season for many years. We quote lines literally, all of the time. Suberbicon is so slow, so meaningless, so gratuitous, that it is actually confusing to me as to why Matt Damon and George Clooney would have consented to the screenplay. Do the Coens now possess such cult like power that they can make a movie this bad, with great actors who must just shrug and say, "It must be great. otherwise the Coens would not film it" Why is it so bad? It is slow, not funny or satirical, but sad and predictable, with dialogue straight out of a Marvel Comic book, and character development to match. Walking out of the theater, the comments were far more interesting than the movie. My favorite, a simple loud booo when the credits started to roll. Clearly, the worst effort the Coen Brothers have hatched.
bad Profound studie of the human psyche. Honest story about nooks of existence and vain hopes. Anatomy of helplessness and deep solitude. Life as convention, mask for feelings and expectations.Another room of Bergman's universe. Same cruel instruments, game of flash-backs and dream sequences, visions and memories. Fight between two women as screen for interior struggle. Impact of consciences and lights of sin. Illness like armour against fake images and empty future. Confesions like way to be yourself. Like cries suffocates by silence of the other.Story about refuse and cages. About dreams and disillusions. About chaotic values and flavour of extinction. People as rabbits for experiments. The other like sign of salvation. And the question of soul."Persona" is an act of confrontation between Ingmar Bergman and God. The silence, the cruelty of letters, the cries and the confessions of Alma are only guns in a strange and ambiguous war. So, any film of this great director is a religious personal answer to permanent subtle fear. In this case, the shadow of divine presence is the Liv Ulmann smile.
bad This movie is stupid and ludicrous, but a riot—gratuitous in its R-rated language and sexual content, and fully boasts its awesome cast in several outrageous ways. After feeling out our moms (Mila Kunis, Kristen Bell, Kathryn Hahn) in the first film, I really now see and understand how the unique characters bring out the most in one another, and it felt more organic as a result. The 104-minute run time felt just fine to me and not overlong, but there was one subplot of this film I still could have done without and did not add much to the story, and removing it would have brought it down to a tight 90 minutes.The Christmas theme is integrated right into the plot and is a fresh way to pitch the sequel, and the grandmoms help induce the struggling relationships that one could find in a hard-hitting melodrama: one whose mom has unrealistic expectations for her daughter's motherhood, one who wants separative space between herself and her mom, and one who wants more closeness to her mom. It sounds very general, but when within the right framework (when not clouded by the film's foolishness) it hits as very real when it tries to. While the first film really felt to be "for moms" in that there is a general message that will make them feel important walking out of the theater, this sequel tries to deliver a similar thing with the grandmothers to a lesser effect.Now that there are two comedy sequels releasing about parents' parents coming home for the Christmas holidays, the similarities stop there and audiences have a choice between seeing: men/women, naughty/nice, or crude/slapstick. I'd say for the appropriate age, A Bad Moms Christmas delivers on more fronts than Daddy's Home 2 (which I also saw a pre- screening for, by the way); regardless, prepare to turn off the "suspension of disbelief" switch and prepare for a decent abs workout. Neither the first film nor the sequel are anything special, but they also aren't a complete waste of time and money for how absurd they are.
bad There's something overwhelmingly sad about a great production company releasing a disappointing film, especially when said film has a genius core concept and a terrific cast. It's as if the stars align only to lead you down a false sense of hope - indeed, disappointing films are a lot worse than ones where you never had much hope to begin with. Early Man, the latest feature by the renowned Aardman Animation, comes coupled with that very same crushing disappointment. It isn't even just that this isn't to the same brilliant standard as their other work, I'd go as far as saying it's Aardman's first genuinely poor film.We find ourselves in the Stone Age (in Manchester, we're told by a title card in one of the film's few funny moments) where a small tribe of cavemen including Dug (Eddie Redmayne) live peacefully if mundanely in a small valley. Suddenly, their valley is taken over by Lord Nooth (Tom Hiddleston), the leader of a Bronze Age city where a giant football stadium is built. After some bartering and pleading, Nooth proposes that he will relocate his city and leave Dug's tribe in peace if they can beat his champion team in a football match. Inspired by the cavemen's history of football, Dug accepts the offer and, with the help of Bronze City townsperson Goona (Maisie Williams), attempts to train up his tribe to win the match.It's a brilliant set up, as wacky as it is irresistible, but Mark Burton and James Higginson's script never really mines it for its full potential. Slapstick comedy rolls in fast but the film lacks the energetic pace of say The Shaun the Sheep Movie to make this style of humour work - most of it lands awkwardly and without any real punchline. Besides a late saving grace in the form of two football commentators (whose dialogue is brilliantly inspired and endlessly funny) the film's script lacks any wit or spark, seemingly carried away by the bizarreness of its premise and assuming its work is already done. There's the odd clever visual gag here and there but Early Man is a frustratingly laughless experience, making you long for the more comedic nature of Aardman's Chicken Run or Flushed Away.As well as lacking humour, Early Man's characters barely leap off the screen either. While Dug himself is likeable enough - mostly due to Redmayne's infectious voice performance and the film's quirky character design - there's never a sense that we're watching anyone particularly memorable. Granted, not every film Aardman release needs to serve up a roster of unforgettable characters, but Early Man comes with the impression that it isn't really trying. Keeping Dug's relationship with Goona purely platonic is smart, but even then their friendship doesn't exactly glow. Character motivations range between weak and predictable, and whenever the film has a moment of celebration or emotion it's very rarely felt. Everything just comes across a little bit under done and a little bit lazy. While there's something to be said for a film that rolls with its simplicity and doesn't long to be anything more, Early Man takes this spirit too far. Almost everything here is cheap and easy, resulting in a film that never capitalises on its various ideas and ultimately collapses before it crosses the finish line - and the film barely crosses the 90 minute mark. I saw Early Man in a crowded cinema, filled with families and groups of all ages, and it wasn't tough to notice the lack of enthusiasm about what we'd all just seen once the lights came back on. Aardman's lightheartedness and stop motion animation may always keep kids entertained, but this could be their first film that loses the love from anyone above the age of ten. Early Man has the makings of a Premier League team, but it lands more like Second Division.
bad Different people laugh at different things. Some laugh at epic stupid gaffs and poop jokes, some find stupidity suffocating and unfunny. I'm among the latter. Some few laughs here and there other that the story must assume we are stupid to believe any of this crap! So, the parents "suddenly" realise they don't have enough money to send their daughter to uni. So they decide with their equally broke friend to start an illegal casino. Where they get the money to start such a casino? Nobody knows. Then expansions and more expansions (work that would take contractors months to finish is complete in the same amount of time it takes for the camera to pan to the left!) but come on we don't want to get pedantic now do we? Farce after farce, more bullshit piling up by the minute ... For some bizarre reason, there's a side story about the estranged wife of Will Ferrell's friend. She gives her husband the divorce papers to sign because she had enough of his gambling and she appears to have started dating another guy. Suddenly, the wife changes her mind for absolutely no reason even after she finds out the husband is now opening an illegal casino complete with a mini brothel! Yep! A mini brothel and a DJ with pool parties that SOMEHOW don't get any attention in small town suburbia. The movie makes every single American look like a money grabbing greedy idiot of some sort. Nobody seems to be remotely a voice of basic reason of any nature. May be if they classified this movie as a surreal story and put some flying pink elephants in it, it would've done a bit better. Amid this insanity, the three buddies start (for no reason at all) attacking town people, raiding their shops, beating them up with shoes and other objects, threatening them with soldering irons, throwing them out of their vehicles, etc etc without anyone complaining to the police, berating them, or even saying anything to them at work. And this is where I lost any respect or empathy and felt I was watching hysterical vomit. I'm very angry that someone in Hollywood actually thinks we are a bunch of stupid losers who can happily part with their hard earned cash for this rubbish piece of work and walk away without feeling we've just been insulted or mugged by it. Watch it only if stupid jokes and general ridiculousness cut it for you!
bad This is one of those handful of films that is universally loved and respected and I have to join the crowd on that. For over 50 years it has been considered the best musical ever made and I can't argue with that, either, especially with the newly- restored DVD version that came out a short time ago. The film never looked and sounded better!In a nutshell, the reason for the high praise, I would think would be: 1 - Likable lead characters (Debbie Reynolds, Gene Kelly, Donald O'Connor); 2 - Excellent song-and-dance numbers, capped off by one of the most famous of all-time, the title song "Singin' In the Rain," featuring Kelly; 3 - Very good humor throughout the film, aided by Jean Hagen's dumb blonde imitation, which may be the best ever put on film; 4 - Spectacular color (please get this latest 2-disc DVD), and 5 - of course, simply a very entertaining film start-to-finish.A few side comments: Kelly gets the legacy with his title song dance but O'Connor's dancing in here is just as good. In fact, one of his solo routines reportedly exhausted him so much he could not work for five days. A nice bonus is seeing Cyd Charisse in here, showing off her dancing skills and great legs.
bad A visual Tour De Force that gets lost in its own complex world, Inception stars Leonardo DiCaprio as Dom Cobb; a rogue 'extractor' who steals elements of dreams and sells them to the highest bidder, all in the name of corporate espionage. But things start to go drastically wrong when Cobb takes on a seemingly impossible job and his dead wife turns up to make trouble.Ingenious but convoluted, Inception may not be to everyone's taste – but it is undoubtedly a Chris Nolan picture; the same man who gave us Memento, The Prestige and of course, The Dark Knight. The problem is that for all the slick visuals and clever narrative structures, we end up with something cold, clinical and frustratingly diffuse.Why Inception falters, and I appreciate that I may be in the minority, is that for such a surreal and imaginative concept to work, it requires an equally surreal and imaginative mind, and Nolan is just too conservative and too technical for the content. It might have made a more interesting film had it been directed by P.T Anderson or, dare I say it, Terry Gilliam.
bad It's a mistake to recruit the author to do the screenplay - they are too emotionally invested, and if they aren't known for writing scripts the disparity in quality can be obvious. Take The Exorcist III for example. Or Gone Girl.The Gone Girl novel was a lavishly praised exercise in cryptic dialogue, high school prose, and incompetent storytelling that defies conventional formula. Unfortunately, you can only defy the formula and get away with it if you are very good. Gillian Flynn just isn't. Her characters speak with bizarre, hyperactive energy that made me feel breathless just from reading it. It's like listening to someone recall a fond memory at a party - a memory that nobody else cares about. It's inexplicably cryptic. It's not how people talk, and you can tell that on screen Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike don't really know what to make of their lines. Their sentences are too long, too wild, too verbose. They talk like stage actors fresh out of drama school. The supporting cast are also similarly lost - the two detectives especially. The female cop is just a frustrating "loose- cannon-independent-woman/symbol-of-women's-suffrage" poster girl. She talks fast and drinks coffee - black, no doubt (Yawn). Her male partner just seems to follow her around like a lost dog and nod agreeably with everything she says - three cheers for women's rights! Down with the glass ceiling! You might as well slap a domestic violence advertisement in the credits.The lack of tension evident in Flynn's writing translates well to the screen. Your nails will not be bitten to fleshy stubs watching Gone Girl. More likely you'll end up filing them into neat, buffed arches out of boredom. Fincher can't elevate the inherent drabness of the source material. He, like the rest of the cast, seem to misunderstand the script. They just "don't get it." Gone Girl is one of those wrongly-praised cause celebres. People are too keen to jump on the bandwagon after learning about the *gasp* "shock twist" in the final act (that is hardly shocking, original, or interesting). Re-watch some of Fincher's better work instead. If you've already invested money in the novel, take solace in knowing it is the perfect size for a doorstop, and about as entertaining.
bad So my wife convinced me to see this Saturday night. I figured I was buzzed enough to at least enjoy the sex scenes. But the movie was SO BAD that not even that could save it. The script and acting is among the worst I have ever seen. Totally not believable. Whatever you do, DO NOT waste your time and money on this.
bad Is Amy Schumer supposed to be funny? She IS sophomoric, juvenile, vulgar, and crass. Seems Schumer's character, "Amy", was only interested in the number of anonymous guys she could bed and how many times she could say the F word. At times it tried to be a romantic comedy other times it was just about how raw it could be and wandered aimlessly.Schumer wrote this literal "Trainwreck", which was most appropriately named! My wife told me to quit looking at my watch, but all I could think about was the end of the movie and where I could eat afterwards. Maybe it would have been more palatable if I wasn't so hungry, even a large popcorn couldn't help! Bill Hader was the sole light in this very dark tunnel. LeBron needs some acting lessons, he was really stiff, as well as all of the other sports "cameos". Colin Quinn was OK, but he's never been one of my favorites. Vanessa Bayer played the good stooge, their male counterparts at S'nuff were just filler and added little. Swinton's character was just a cliché.And John Cena, what the H, he and Schumer's sex scene seemed to just be there for the "R" rating, as if this would save this Trainwreck! I mean, a thing the size of a p-nut because of roids, really, would the slut Amy have put up with that? All around, a huge disappointment and waste of time.
bad This movie was written by a teenager who tried to mix Alien with Deepak Chopra
bad Some films have left me speechless. Not simply because their execution was unlike anything I've seen in the past, or opened my eyes to a story so insane thinking someone came up with this idea, but speechless cause there's so little to say about it as the film doesn't ask any new or interesting questions. The Mountain Between Us is that kind of film despite having 2 very talented actors I respect in this romantic drama.The story begins with Idris Elba as a doctor rushing to Baltimore for surgery and Kate Winslet off to get married to her fiancé and they agree to work together to get to their destinations. However, their plane crashes into the middle of the mountains and leaves them stranded with only a golden retriever and their wits to find shelter and keep one another from falling apart.Kate and Idris both give committed performances even through the harsh weather conditions displayed. The cinematographer sets up some pretty beautiful shots of the mountains and the scale and distance the actors are from any form of civilization so that was something I appreciated in a post "every month a CGI fest blockbuster" world. Sadly the compliments end here.What kills the film is it's SO UTTERLY PREDICTABLE. If you have seen any romantic film ever, you know what will happen. The dialogue is void of any psychological questions of dealing with a stranger alone for weeks despite the film feels like it's only 6 days tops. Not as viewer did I feel they went through harsh conditions as Kate's hair the entire time looked freshly curled.The Mountain Between Us on the trailer felt what could have been a solid survival film, but instead got a corny and sometimes boring romantic drama. Outside of one genuine jump scare that truly surprised me, the film just feels lost in trying to be a romantic movie and survival movie at the same time with very little chemistry to weave them together.
bad Profoundly stupid and childish at every single step along the way. This was born from a pretty stupid book that was also childish and simple-minded.The book was a total rip-off of An Officer and a Gentleman to the point that I was surprised the author didn't lift the "steers and queers" line. The story is so ridden with clichés it's like they used a Micro Soft boilerplate model for the script. Butch-sounding name: Mitch Rapp. Check. Grizzly old vet training the new punk kid. Check.Arab bad guys right out of an episode of Scooby Doo. Check. Lame martial arts scenes right out of a 9 year old kid's fantasy. Check.Nothing at all felt real about this movie.
bad The one famous gaffe people point out in this film is when a small boy can be seen plugging his ears just before Eva Marie Saint brings her café conversation with Cary Grant to a sudden end. Another gaffe, just as egregious and apparent but not nearly as commented on, is when Cary and Eva, clutching an incriminating statute, are rock-climbing around a quartet of famous presidential heads until a bad guy suddenly appears and leaps upon him. Whereupon the surprised, backward-falling Cary has the presence of mind to hand the statute to Eva, who takes his from him whilst in mid-scream. Do me a favor and read that last sentence again. What director today would allow such a scene past the editing room?But it just doesn't matter: IMDB voters at this writing have placed the 44-year-old `North By Northwest' ahead of all but 18 movies ever made, including 14 which have nothing to do with Frodo Baggins or Darth Vader. That's pretty damn impressive. What the hell were they thinking? The only Hitchcock movie they rate higher is "Rear Window;" I can think of at least seven or eight Hitchcocks I'd rank over "North By Northwest." [None of them are "Rear Window."]The truth is this film is so popular because it is so good. Not great, but very, very good, in a way that anticipates a lot of the direction of mass entertainment to come and thus speaks to people in a way `Vertigo' or `Strangers On A Train' do not. People talk about how forward thinking "Psycho" is, and it is, but more directors took note of the just-as-clever-but-more-mainstream approach of "North By Northwest." The last four decade have been chock full of flicks serving up suspense, sex, changing locales, and plot twists that play with viewers' expectations, all the while keeping the laughs coming. It's not like "North By Northwest" invented this formula, but it perfected and distilled it into an essence that is imitated, with varying success, to this day.Cary Grant plays slick adman Roger Thornhill, who gets mistaken for a fugitive named Kaplan and finds himself on the run from a slew of bad guys, led by James Mason at his smug and oily peak as Vandamme. Martin Landau makes his first memorable appearance as Mason's nastiest henchman Leonard (1959 was good to him, as "Plan Nine From Outer Space" premiered that year as well), suspicious, ruthless, and probably gay. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but it was 1959 and that was a little daring.Daring also is Eva Marie Saint's Eve Kendall, a woman who uses sex, as Thornhill puts it, "the way some people use a flyswatter." Her repartee with Thornhill shows just how erotic two people just talking to each other can be. It also provides further evidence Hitchcock's writers didn't go out on many dates. (Kendall: "I'm a big girl." Thornhill: "Yeah, and in all the right places." And she KISSES him for it!)The film does chug slowly at the outset, building suspense but also bugging you a bit as the plot gears grind while Thornhill is being pushed through his early paces, right until his moment at the UN. About the time we find ourselves with Thornhill in the cornfield, the picture starts to pick up a serious head of steam, and never loses it all the way to the final, famous tunnel shot. Actually, I like the penultimate scene between Grant and Saint, an elegant and witty way of resolving that most tried-and-true device, the cliffhanger.As with most of Hitchcock's 50s fare, elegance is behind much of what makes this movie so great. `North By Northwest' manifests an elegance in dress, decor, language, music, and lighting that represents the best of its era while giving the picture a timeless character all the same. Hitchcock's camera movements are very subtle yet brilliant, as during Mason's entrance and Grant's hide-and-seek game around the train. Everyone has perfect hair, lounges about in gowns and jackets, and you never think it should be otherwise.Grant isn't my favorite actor, but he's smooth enough for the central role when he's not doing that bad Foster Brooks impression behind the wheel of the car. [I docked the movie one point just for that.] His best scene may be at the auction, though he projects real fear in the cornfield. Saint is simply splendid, nailing every line as she walks a tightrope and plays her character's motives close to her décolletage. Hitchcock seemed to lose his ability to direct female actors, and not merely bask in them, with the advent of color, but Saint is one blonde bombshell that gives us a sense of brains and personality behind her mystery.There's logic gaps in this movie, and bad process shots, but it's an amazing ride all the same, more amazing because it's done with smoke and mirrors and without apologies. You ask the questions and figure out the loopholes only after you walk away, because the movie doesn't let you up much while you are watching it. Hitchcock made other, more challenging movies that attested to his rare vision as an artist, but this is maybe his purest exercise in the craft of good filmmaking. That's why `North By Northwest' has remained so high in people's estimations. Whatever the errors, it's hard not feeling good about that.
bad I had to watch this film for my film theory class, because this film is a great example of the 1960's thought process that film as a mirror, or a reflection upon the viewer and the film itself. I will agree that this film is great if you wish to learn more about Film Theory... However, I personally didn't find the movie very entertaining. The movie tries to say how the two main leads are supposed to be a representation of a mirror reflection of themselves. I didn't get that. Certain scenes where it's supposed to represent the melding of identity, I got more sexual tension out of. Overall, I think the movie is trying to be to artsy. The Film understands the idea of self reflexive nature of film, but tries to make you understand by beating you over the head a hundred times while saying "LOOK HOW CREATIVE I AM!" If you like the film, that's great, you were able to get something I wasn't able to. However if you are more like me, It's only worth watching once for the theories and that's it.
bad Hollywood, we spoke about this just last week. I know you're young and I know that sometimes means you want to steal ideas from others and think that by changing language and adding "stars" you will make something better but you know it doesn't work. We talked about 9 Quenns just the other day but now you've done it again. A poetic, heartbreaking, beautifully acted, thriller from Argintinia gets turned into barely watchable mush. So, go to you room, no dinner and don't do it again. And once you have realised the error of your ways we will watch the original and realise that having to read and watch a film isn't the end of the world and even better, opens you up to the idea that the action, the great stories, the films that treat the viewer as an adult, generally, don't come out of Hollywood anymore. Argintinia alone has been steadily putting out gem after gem, maybe we will have a mini fest on that country's output and forget bad remakes for a while.
bad "Beyond Skyline" is a sci-fi film too dark and with a total lack of humor. There is no character development and we do not know anything about the lead characters. The screenplay is full of clichés and a complete mess, with action, detective story, crime, sci-fi, horror and martial arts. The special effects are excellent and maybe the best part of this forgettable B-movie. My vote is five.Title (Brazil): Not Available
bad War films can be a bit hard to sit through, with its graphic depictions of key battles in history, strong themes of power, brotherhood and the effect it has among the world but with Mel Gibson's latest war drama 'Hacksaw Ridge' it manages to be something more that we can grasp it.The true life story of Desmond Doss is finally brought to the big screen, Doss was a US Army medic who served during WWII, but coming from a family with a strong religious beliefs and a father that struggled with the aftermath of WWI (a veteran himself) it lead him to be a Seventh-day Adventist, refusing to bare a firearm and the use of violence against another. His personal choice would affect his country's army and persuaded a court hearing to charge Doss for his personal beliefs and objection to bare arms but despite this, he is given the chance though to fight alongside his 'brothers' in the Battle of Okinawa, a battle which the American forces fought against the invading Japanese in an intense and brutal battle. It is here in this key battle that Doss was recognised as a true hero for his country, as he managed to rescue the lives of 75 soldiers wounded in battle.Gibson returns to the director's chair to helm this true story, giving his touch of humanistic quality, anti-war themes and brutality to the horrors of war to much great detail. The direction is pretty much on point throughout and never goes dull or loses itself during the 2 ½ running time. The first half of the film is about character and what establishes Doss to become a legend that he is known for, while the 2nd half of the film focuses on his role during the Battle of Okinawa and the brutal battle itself. The violence here is given so much detail, not holding back on the horrors of war and the devastating effect it carried on both sides. The production design, sound mixing, editing and scale of the battle is as intense, horrifying and respectful to the details and real life experiences to what we've read in history books, but it is yet filmed with beautiful and yet brutal detailing that echoes much to Saving Private Ryan's D-Day battle sequence. The 2nd half of the film is much darker than the first half and people will need a strong stomach to handle the graphic depictions of violence and deaths we see throughout, but it does get emotional at times and in the last few minutes of the film, though overall the film is emotional with Doss's back-story, his personal lifestyle and the brotherhood that Doss and his army experience and share on the battlefield.In terms of acting, the cast as a whole is incredible with Andrew Garfield, Hugo Weaving, Vince Vaughn, Luke Bracey and Teresa Palmer giving the best key performances of the film. Garfield has come a long way to prove himself as a worthy actor, breaking away from his well known role as Spider-Man prior to HR. To describe his role as Doss, he gives a quality that defines him as a simple man with values in his life while facing a few struggles that form his belief of not bearing violence or firearms. Garfield must have given much study and preparation for the role, as his character's journey from a wise simple man to a hero of his army is given so much heart, emotion and bravery to make the journey of Doss so believable.Overall, Hacksaw Ridge is a film that will leave audiences in state of emotion that describes the horrors of war, the bravery of Doss and his army and a sense of thankfulness to our past ancestors who had lived in a time to fight for freedom and peace when the world was divided. An incredible film that will indeed earn its amount for Oscar nominations and wins in 2017 (possibly for Best Picture, Director, Actor, Production Design, Music Score, Sound Mixing & Editing and Script) alongside other film awards. A must see film if you have studied history at school, have an interest in history or if you love a solid war film that's true to its core. A masterpiece that will not be forgotten so quickly or never will, we both highly recommend it.5/5 Autistic Reviewers
bad If you read through the comments already posted (and there are many), you'll see that most people are very strongly polarized... people either love this show or hate it.I, for one, am somewhere in the middle of the road about it.It is heavy-handed.  It takes an 'issue of the week', and involves each member of the family in some aspect of that issue... fidelity, drug use, abstinence from sex before marriage... then wraps everything up in a nice neat package before the end of the episode.The way the issues are dealt with are both shallow and heavy-handed.  You never have any doubt in your mind what issue the writers are bringing up this week; you never have any doubt what they thing the "right" thing to do is.At the same time...We're looking inside of a family that seems to genuinely care about each other.  There's a father who's involved with his children, siblings who look after each other, and a mother who obviously loves her children... and her husband, even after seven children.Yes, Matt needs a punch in the nose.  Mary could stand a valium perscription.  Lucy needs a little more maturity.  And so on. But...But I keep watching this show, episode after episode.And I'm not entirely sure why.
bad The IMDb rating of this terrible movie is still 6/7. How is this possible? It looks to me that some PR-agencies undermining the credibility of IMDb. I cannot take the IMDb rating serious any longer. This is a bad way to promote movies and IMDb should not be part of this.The plot is rather stupid. It reminded me of some cheap Indian gangster movies where a beautiful lady is kidnapped by some wild looking culprits and when it looks that the desperate lady will be raped and murdered, suddenly a hero jumps out behind a bush that weren't even there a minute before. I love well written sf-movies. This b-movie isn't one of it. One of the worst movies this year. I regret the time I wasted watching it. The IMDb rating for this movie should be 4/6 !!!!!!!!!!
bad I know. Every movie does not tell the full story of a book. But when I watched the trailers, I already saw that the movie was far, faaaaar away from the book.Now I watched the movie and my worst fears became reality.What is left over from the book:The titleNames of the characters (except for Shoto)That it is about an Easter egg hunt in the OASIS.More or less the concept of the OASIS.The colors of the keys and gates incl. the points you get for the gates.That Aech is driving a truck. Wade has his rig (but not the one from the movie) in a scrapyard truck.IOI is evil. Everyone else is good.What was left out:About everything what you liked from the book, like Wargames, Dungeons and Dragons, Rush, Joust, in fact every arcade game, Pac Man, ...What is different from the book:Everything!This movie is created for an audience younger than 20 years, who has no idea about the 80s or would understand any references from that time.To be clear, the whole OASIS is not only 80s, but the Easter egg hunt is.Also the deaths that happen in the book were removed to have the young audience not to be confronted with the harsh methods from IOI.All characters are and behave totally differently.Aech is in the book a badass who knows his stuff, not that whiney character in the movie.Wade is a kid who has no money, IRL and in the OASIS, so no DeLorean from the start.He starts the hunt with a level 1 sword, shield and leather body armor. Art3mis is a chubby girl (would have been great to see that in the movie). So why is Spielberg putting his money on a skinny girl? Great move to give the one chance away to put some self-esteem in non-perfect people.I-R0k is a stupid looser in the book, not that super strong headhunter.Really? IOI employees applaud when Wade opens the final gate?!The 80s references used in the movie have nothing in common with the ones from the book. But not always the obvious 80s references are the best ones, there are many hidden treasures in the book.Mr. Spielberg, learn something from Marvel, they used "Lake Shore Drive" in the soundtrack... think about it.A great movie might have really started an 80s nostalgia boost. But you killed it. What was stolen from other movies:The OASIS simulation inside the OASIS simulation, from Inception. The place around the castle with the lava and high voltage bursts, from Star Wars III.Rig suits, strongly inspired by Tron Legacy.I-R0k made like a very cheap Boba-Fett-headhunter-copy, again Star Wars.Iron Giant raising the thumb while melting in the lava, from Terminator II - Judgement day (when was that? right 1991).In conclusion: Mr. Spielberg, you are old enough, you have enough money. Please retire. You lost it long ago.Maybe you can write a children's book, and watch it getting ripped to pieces by some amateur director, who makes a movie from your book. For the viewers:If you loved the book. Stay far away from that movie. Never ever watch it. You will only scream in frustration, like I did. If you have not read the book and you have 2.5 hrs and the money to spare, you can watch it. Maybe you will enjoy it.But as many others wrote, it is a straight forward plot, cheesy scenes, mediocre story, lame jokes. I don't know how they kept Ernest Cline quiet. It must have either involved a lot of money or threatening him to sue. How else would you silently watch how your hard work gets so destroyed.
bad There is no point in pretending it – I'm a man in his thirties and I'm not target audience for this film. So the fact that I rented it is just a "bonus" few pounds in the pockets of the makers since they clearly weren't aiming this film at me. Who they were aiming it at appears to have been the army of teenage girls who have been reading the Twilight books religiously – again. I'd never even heard of the books so this is really something off my cultural radar. Regardless I decided to give the film a try without really knowing the plot or what it was meant to be. What I found was the first part in a longer story about a human teenager who moves back to her small town and falls for a boy who turns out to be one of a group of teenage vampires who feed off the blood of animals rather than people.I have no problems with the teenage aspect of the story but somehow it really failed to engage me as it was not only too superficial but didn't even really do that particularly well. The film plays like it has been written around events without a great deal of depth, complexity or characterisation in it, which is a surprise considering the fertile ground the world of teenage love and acceptance is. Sadly it comes off all too bland and obvious for my tastes and I rarely could bring myself to care about what was going on. The direction is a bit too serious at times but it also lacks passion and the breathlessness that the material suggests it must have once had if it did captivate a teenage audience. Of course I could be just missing the point because perhaps the cast are a big part of it working and this is lost on me.Certainly the appeal of much of the cast is lost on me totally. Stewart has something about her but cannot translate it into something meaningful here, leaving her character feeling a bit one-dimensional. However compared to Pattinson she looks like one of the finest actresses of her generation because he is about as dull and vapid as he could have been without trying. OK maybe his immortal, unsleeping character has to have something weirdly "dead" about him but this should not be a detrimental part of his performance as it is here. I shan't bother to list those below them because nobody really captured my interest in terms of their characters or performances.Twilight is not a bad film, it is just a very bland one that lacks passion, heart or excitement. Maybe the target audience will strongly disagree (I'd be shocked if they did not) but having watched this for myself I fail to see what not only the fuss is about – but why anyone would really consider this to be a good film.
bad I had 50/50 hopes for this movie and felt a bit bummed out when it was told that it will be delayed to March 2013 but I thought maybe it was for the best so I decided to give it chance. Now after nearly a year of waiting, I have to say I was a bit disappointedFirst off, they promised to explain what happened to the characters in the previous film that didn't show up (ripcord, Scarlett etc.) but no explanation was given whatsoever as well as wanting to strengthen Duke and Baroness character but nothing was ever explained. 2nd storywise, it was not that very interesting in my opinion and there some parts which I find a bit illogic and not explained like how did Storm Shadow survive. The guy just like appeared out of no whereCharacter wise, Cobra rules compared to the Joes. Lady Jaye and Flint were not really that interesting to watch and the romance between them didn't really look that convincing. Killing off Duke Hauser (Channing Tatum)and letting Roadblock (The Rock) take over as team leader for me was the biggest letdown in my opinion since he never really looked that great playing the lead role. Bruce Willis was OK a Joe but nothing exciting but for me the best Joe out there would have to be Snake Eyes (Ray Park). His performances were great as usual and really made the movie looked excitingAs for the villains, I really wanted to see Zartan fight with somebody but that didn't happen. Destro was the biggest disappointment for me since they killed his character off just like that. Cobra Commander looked better in this outfit that the previous one but there was really nothing from him but in my opinion, the best villain and character of the entire movie has got to go to Firefly (Ray Stevenson) His character was so wicked cool and I really loved how those nano flys were used as his explosion device. Though a villain, he stood out the most in the film for me I can't say much for the rest of the cast like Storm Shadow and Jinx since there wasn't really anything much from themHowever I find it kind of hard to believe that this is a G.I Joe movie since apart from Snake Eyes, there wasn't really anything that made me feel that these guys were the G.I Joes since it felt like there were very little connection between this team to the previous G.I Joe team in the first movieOverall a bit of a letdown compared to the first movie and it didn't seemed like it was a sequel to the first G.I Joe movie and it wasn't really worth watching it in 3D either
bad Interesting take on Balzac's novel "Papa Goriot", where Goriot is Cruise's absent father and the reluctant devil Vautrin is played by Brown. The line that Brown tries to teach Cruise is how to get into high society through the right kind of woman.The slickness, including the overwritten dialogue, gets in the way, but it sure is fun to look at. Brown is good in a scene-stealing kind of way, and you can see flashes of brilliance in Cruise's performance - occasionally. The scene where Banes tells him what kind of shirt to wear, for example. It takes about three seconds, but you can see the resignation on Cruise's face and in his voice.Gershon and Shue are underused, in my opinion, having what amounts to incidental roles.
bad Talk about corny jokes, this movie is full of them. The story is so predictable and the characters are not good at all. Will Smith as Deadshot, bad, Harley Quinn, annoying, Killer Croc unbelievable, boomerang dumb, Joker just ridiculous.How did this movie get a 6.8? This was just dumb and the plot made no sense. Where are all the regular super heroes that originally caught the ss? Flash, Batman, etc...I really didn't want to see this to begin with cause even the previews looked corny and bad but my son wanted to go so I took him. Save your money and watch it on video, it won't be long.
bad Alice Through the Looking Glass is the sequel to Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland that nobody asked for, but yet here it is. We return to the ugly world full of annoying caricatures for a second and hopefully final time (for the sake of my sanity).The ensemble cast fail miserably. Mia Wasikowska's enthusiasm is so false and patronising its as if shes talking to an infant child the whole way through the film. Sacha Baron Cohen and Johnny Depp both suffer from stupid voice syndrome as they both speak with a lisp and an accent that only they know what they were going for there. Helena Bonham Carter reprises her roll as the big headed (pun intended) Queen of Hearts, sulking her irritating little way through this 2 hour cluster f*ck. Its hard to care about these characters when you are simply struggling to tolerate them in the first place.The script is garbage. It's littered with unfunny jokes, puns that are so bad they aren't even funny and convenient exposition like "Oh no only the return of the cronosphere can save us now." Long story short its lazy and hard to believe someone was paid to write this piece of sh*t. I do wonder if the dialogue in the script includes the stupid lisps and accents because if so that just makes things worse.The narrative is heavily flawed from the start of this 2 hour slow motion car wreck. We spend the first 5 minutes hearing Alice go on about nothing being impossible only for her to go against everything she believes in another 5 minutes later. The whole series of events that take place in this film could have been avoided if Alice had just stood up for what she believed in and wasn't so fast to give up on her beliefs. But the illogical narrative points don't stop there, no sir. When the Queen of hearts takes her sister Mirana to a pretty petty moment in their childhood, what is her plan? To bust in the door, point and shout "LIAR" like a bitchy school girl and in doing so almost ending the world and all of time. Also its kinda pathetic that the explanation of why the Queen of Hearts is such an ass hole is because one day her sister ate the last tart and blamed her for it. Seriously? It's not even an excuse, some people are just born ass holes and the Queen of Hearts is one of them.BUT WAIT THERE'S MORE, the ending of the film is literally bull*t saves the day as they straight up lost. Everything was consumed by some brown rust like substance and Alice did not return the cronosphere in enough time to restore time back to normality... Roll credits? Nope, have no fear the magical synapse of time will suddenly make a connection to the cronosphere and time is saved hooray for bs. Also if Alice literally let go of the cronosphere before turning to rust then the balance of time would have been restored, so yeah the ending is beyond stupid.I could go on about the many other aspects of this film that are terrible like the not so great sfx that the film chooses to focus on a lot or how the sfx create an ugly world to look at and yet for some reason the film persists with lingering on it, but I think I've made my point abundantly clear. This is not a good movie plain and simple, about the only thing that's good about this is hearing Alan Rickman's voice and seeing Andrew Scott both of which last for like 2 minutes. Stop trying to make Tim Burton Alice films happen they aren't going to happen, and I hope now that this film has flopped in typical Johnny Depp fashion, most likely due to his wife beating allegations, that this is the last we shall see of Annoying Alice and the ugly Underlandians.
bad This movie is atrocious beyond words, and the first movie from which I've ever walked out (an hour and 17 minutes into it). The session was full of giggling middle-aged women, wetting themselves with anticipation - I cannot believe this book and movie has appeal. Are women really so bored, so desperate, that this is what gets them off?? The acting was appalling - I guess that's the end of Ms Johnson & Mr Dornan's careers. And I wouldn't be surprised if the actors who refused the role of Christian Grey are secretly relieved they had the sense to reject it! The script was laughable. No chemistry between the two leads. As for the 'eroticism'.....it was completely lacking. Stilted, awkward, poor cinematography, cheesy scripting. Just terrible. Do not waste your time or money with this.
bad Spielberg makes money out of one of the greatest mass murders in history.great! its disgusting how he makes a success story of the holocaust where 6 million people gets killed. besides the movie:- has no opinion about the holocaust -it is straining for effects(for example the red coated girl is a kitsch) -there is no character development in it -it is long and boring -the emotions presented are shallow. on the other hand the acting is good but that's all. if you are interested in the subject i recommend you to watch a good documentary(the eyes of the holocaust for example) or read these books(i am not sure they are accessible in your language but give it a try) Sorstalanság by Imre Kertész Primo Levi:Survival in Auswitz
bad I am a big fan of Pacific Rim. My friends and I waited 5 years for this disappointing sequel! THe 12 year old girl main character was so annoying. Story was boring and childish, hated it. How did the chinese lady even know how to operate a jaeger? Better to have walked out! $20 wasted!
bad For audiences who have watched the trailer for this film it pretty much says what your getting into here. A group of medical students go through near death experiences to curiously convey what happens when you die. We all get that already and now after we see this progression start then the film flies into a borderline careless plot that loses itself real quickly and bores you through the next hour or so. This suppose to be remake of the 1990 movie flat liners which wasn't a great film to remake either though nails it compared to the junk that was poured into here. There are first of all too many scenes that don't point too anything after the first 45 minutes or less it completely loses track of what it's trying to be and it loses interest real quickly. After the episodes of dying and waking up where it starts to become maybe an interesting plot ahead it whacks off and feels like there are several different directors trying to dabble with ideas ideas but doesn't stack up to anything. One thing though I found very troublesome in this film and this is a major spoiler for whoever still wants to see this shouldn't read. Halfway through the film the main star Ellen Page dies and leaves us with these other buffoons to do what else they can throw here. Why kill off the main star right in the middle of this film just as the story evolves and instead turns to crap. This frustrated me and through the rest of the film off guard. Also we get the original cast member Kiefer Sutherland to have a role as the medical professor but his role is so vague and shows no resonance of what they were capturing or not from the original that it was meaningless.
bad This movie is so awful, that it is hard to find words to describe it. I really can't imagine why there are so many people that are willing to go and see in in the cinemas. This movie is not bad, because of the idea for an affair between a rich businessman and a normal girl. It is bad because the dialogues are flat, the characters are terrible and without any depth, there is no actual acting in it, and for the final the story is badly written.It is really sad, that such a badly made movies are so popular. They destroy the idea for good movie with acting, script and everything else. And if you expect to see at least a lot of erotic in it, you may fell a bit disappointed at the end. The movie is far from that it promises to its viewers.
bad In 1988, in Long Island, the future cardiologist Danny Maccabee (Adam Sandler) overhears the nasty conversation of his wife-to-be and her friends on his wedding day about his big nose, his family and himself and he calls off their wedding. Danny becomes a womanizer and uses his wedding ring to lie to women and get laid.Twenty-three years later, Dr. Maccabee is a well succeeded plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills that still uses his wedding ring to get women to bed. When he meets the younger mathematic teacher Palmer (Brooklyn Decker) in a party, they have one night stand on the beach and Danny has a crush on her. But Palmer finds his wedding ring on his pocket and he lies to her, telling that he is divorcing from his wife. Palmer asks to meet his wife, and Danny asks to his long-time assistant Katherine (Jennifer Aniston) to pose as his wife. Katherine accepts, but things get more complicated when Katherine, who is a single mother, receives a phone call from her daughter and Palmer learns that they have two children and asks to meets them. Now Danny bribes the two children to travel to Hawaii to spend a couple of days together knowing each other.When they are at the airport, Danny's friend Eddie (Nick Swardson) unexpectedly joins them telling that he is Katherine's boyfriend expecting to travel to Hawaii with the expenses paid by Danny. The group arrives in a fancy hotel where Katherine meets her university foe Devlin Adams (Nicole Kidman) that is lodged at the same hotel.The overrated "Just Go with It" is a disappointing and unfunny comedy with Jennifer Aniston, Adam Sandler and Nicole Kidman. The absurd and unethical story if awful and even Adam Sandler seems to be irritated with a poor performance. His unconvincing character is a liar and womanizer, capable to bribe children to keep his lies and to marry a woman that he has seduced using successive lies without any moral value or ethics. His assistant Katherine not only accepts to participate in the scheming to lure his girlfriend, but also allows her children to be bribed and accepts the invitation of her enemy to have dinner together. Palmer is a moron capable to believe on the most unrealistic stories. His best friend is a complete dummy and disloyal, capable to take advantage of a situation to travel with his expenses on Danny.There are the usual exaggerations of the contemporary Hollywood productions, with Danny expending lots of money in fancy and fashionable boutiques and in the suites of the hotel. Further to the unrealistic plot and unlikable characters, the jokes are silly in times when moral values seem to be less important than an easy senseless laugh. My vote is three.Title (Brazil): "Esposa de Mentirinha" ("Fake Wife")
bad What do you get when you put Sandler, Schneider, Rock and Spade in a "comedy?" The makings of a pretty good film! Sprinkle in a little Kevin James and Selma Hayek and you might have a bona fide hit on your hands. Why then, does a film like this go so awry? Why did every joke miss? Why was every character completely unlikable. There wasn't a redeeming quality to any of the characters from the start of the film and the kids that some of the characters had spawned were even worse. All around, its such a dumb film that I was actually angry with myself for sticking to it and then wasting almost two hours waiting for it to get better. When they finally introduce antagonists into the movie (almost an hour in), it's like Sandler and friends decided it as an afterthought. For the purpose of full disclosure, I am a big fan of Adam Sandler and the rest of this bunch from movies like Happy Gilmore to I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry, but this POS was sooooo bad. What the hell happened to you in making this movie, Mr. Sandler? The ending of this movie reminded me of the worst SNL skits that never really ended, they just had the audience applaud at the end of the sketch. What a waste!
bad I find it strange that "The seventh Seal" has always been widely considered to be the best Bergman movie and is so much more famous that all the others he made. Yes, it's very good, especially for its time, but compared with the real masterpieces Bergman made like "Wild Strawberries", "Through a Glass darkly", "Persona", "Winter light" and "Fanny and Alexander", it really pales in comparison. The ideas and the questions asked in this movie are pretty interesting and profound, but I feel that Bergman has done so much better in his later movies on similar subjects. The theme about the God's silence is much, much better developed in the famous "Faith Trilogy", especially "Through a glass darkly" and "Winter light". The theme about how to cope with fear of death is well developed, but couldn't really convince me. Also I feel that the film has too many "comic relief" moments.  Many people have praised the cinematography in this movie, quite a few saying that it's one of the best ever. I beg to disagree. It's very, very good, excellent at times, but again Bergman has done so much better in his other movies. Personally I feel that the cinematography in Bergman's movies improved when he changed his director of photography Gunnar Fischer(who worked on this movie and "Wild Strawberries") with Sven Nykvist. Watch "Through a glass darkly" or "Persona" if you want a really stunning cinematography. But even "Wild Strawberries", made shortly after "The Seventh seal" and looking visually quite similar, is better IMO. Here the settings and the lighting looks too theatrical to me for most of the times. Of course, there were quite a few memorable images, especially the start with Death on the beach, the dance with Death at the end, the procession of the fanatics who whipped themselves through the village,etc. But still, something was lacking in many of the scenes. Bergman had to shoot the whole movie in just 35 days, so it's understandable IMO. After being so critical to the movie so far, it's time to mention its strong points. They are typical of Bergman's movies. Very strong acting(especially from Max von Sydov), amazing dark medieval atmosphere, really makes you think about the important questions. The music was very well and effectively used too. It's a great movie, no doubt, and it established Bergman as one of the all-time greats, which is big plus for a huge fan of him like myself. Still, my advice is: don't limit your Bergman experience to just this movie, watch his others, many of them are even better. 9/10
bad Nothing like a fight for survival under extreme conditions to bring two very different characters (and actors) together. Elba and Winslet were phenomenal! It is a testament to an excellent script, superb actors and a commitment for all involved to have produced this moving love story. "The Mountain Between Us" was beautifully balanced between the growing love of Ben and Alex and the suspenseful action necessary for their harrowing circumstances. What an epic tale told against the most beautiful (and treacherous) backdrop imaginable! It is well worth seeing in the theaters.
bad I went into this pretty excited. After all, it's far and wide described as one of the best, if not *the* best film ever made. Frankly, I didn't see it.The first problem I had with The Seventh Seal was the acting. The knight, Death, and the squire were highlights, but the rest of the cast had an almost pantomime-like quality that is very, very distracting. In fact, this may not simply be an acting problem - many of the set-ups of the film are pretty pantomime: there is a scene with the actors playing out a song involving a cock crowing while, behind the stage, another actor tries to seduce a girl, which is not only sonically grating but completely ludicrous. I tried to work out if it was intended to be satirical but it actually comes off more like the Benny Hill show. In another scene, in which one of the actors is made to dance like a bear on the table in an inn, the camera cuts to reaction shots of the crowd who burst into hysterical laughter in a completely non-spontaneous, false and bizarre manner. It just doesn't work.The second problem I had was the contrived nature of the situations the knight finds himself in: at one point self-flaggelists walk into the village in a long procession waving incense and everyone kneels and weeps. This has been set up in advance by an explanation of who these flaggelists are. And, because of the set up, it, again, doesn't work. Similarly, when the troupe are in the woods towards the end of the film, they are faced with a character (who has previously been shown to be a *not very nice man*) with the plague. Why, other than to have the troupe look death in the face and make the terribly unsubtle point about whether forgiveness should be given to those about to die, is he in the woods miles from anywhere? Once again, it doesn't work.Every question the film is trying to pose is given its own scene, so that the whole story plays like a series of distinct vignettes linked only by the knight character and two or three characters who are obviously set up to take a fall later in the film. *However*, Bergman sets up the film as a linear progression between the knight's knowing he is going to die and his ultimate death. You can't have it both ways - you either go down the vignette route or you go the linear route. You can't have the scene in the bar, the flaggelists, the burning of the "witch" all supposedly happening in a linear fashion, since they are all a little too random to gel together.And, for me at least, the result of all this is that this is not a film that could ever be described as "subtle". You see every question coming even before Bergman gives it its ten-minute moment of screen time. The only thought left in your mind is what weird contortion of the plot Bergman is going to put us through to get to that question. And, as a result, the film is very boring to watch. At times I found myself begging that Death would show up just to add a little spice. And that's without even mentioning how *excrutiating* the songs are....All in all, I'd say The Seventh Seal is very disappointing and I couldn't really recommend it. That said, though, any film that is rated so highly by so many people is always going to deserve at least a glance. It's clearly not trash.
bad The prototypical example of what happens when female characters are written and directed by clueless men. With six supremely talented female actors leading this movie, it nevertheless ends up being a shallow and even embarrassing caricature of females in general and mother-and-daughter relationships in particular. Too many of the setups and resolutions between the women in this movie undermine everything female actors have been begging for in the way of good film roles for women. I was just depressed after enduring this unfunny holiday tale. And I'm a male. So there.
bad I settled on a 5/10 for The Dark Knight. I appreciated the story structure and all the notes they hit... I just don't think they played them loudly. I don't like re-casting, and the replacement of Katie Holmes/Rachel and the original Barbara Gordon actress (yes, her too, didya notice?) is awkward and distracting. The lack of ANY blood in the film to complement the multitude of beatings and killings (to sustain a PG-13 rating) nullifies the tension that should be present in some brilliantly conceived scenarios. I didn't believe for a second that the victims of several hostage situations (mass or otherwise) would actually lose their lives, because it's blisteringly apparent from the onset that this film is a PG-13, and would never disturb its audience beyond the minimum necessary plot points. The Joker is actually underwritten. Ledger was game and his performance solid, but honestly: Throw the makeup and stringy hair on 75% of capable actors out there, and you have the same product. I think Jack Nicholson's output is ultimately more interesting, and I think that Tim Burton's original film, although imperfect, is still the most entertaining in the pantheon.I realize that to hardcore Batman fans, this is a wet dream having the grittiness of the graphic novels transposed to the big screen (if they say so; I say it came close), but riddle me this: If the same script was fashioned into a non-superhero flick, let's say Heat II, and had the same strong performances and production values, would the lack of Batman fan loyalty still rocket it to its current position on the IMDb Top 250?
bad i went into this movie expecting to at least enjoy something? i wanted to like it. but more than anything it was just underwhelming and mediocre. it was extremely boring, i laughed at maybe 5 jokes (none of which were memorable). wouldn't recommend personally but if you like movies with a script that was obviously written by 4 high rich dudes completely out of touch with society, forced unfunny jokes reminiscent of a 12 year old lets player on youtube, and uninspired visuals that look like they went with the first draft, then this might be a good movie for you.wouldn't recommend to anyone who enjoys good movies, would recommend to anyone who is easily amused n thinks its funny when dudes are high and kids cartoons say f)ck a lot
bad I have seen this show before, but I don't watch it on a regular basis, so a few days ago, I decided to sit through an entire episode, and honestly, it's not the acting that's the problem, it's some other things I'd like to mention; 1st of all, the humor isn't funny, and half the things the characters say are in all seriousness, but for some insane reason, the laugh track plays anyway. I mean, it's as if they want us to laugh at something, just to accompany the laugh track. 2nd of all, the characters of Ravi and Zuri are over-the-top, annoying, ghetto, and flat out weird, and the fact that the parents travel all the time(which is the reason for their usual absence from the show), and adopted 3 kids, after having only 1 biological child, shows that they're clearly knockoffs of Brangelina. 3rd of all, the theme song is absolutely horrible, repetitive, generic, and written on such an illiterate level, how can anyone enjoy this? It makes the Wizards of Waverly Place theme song sound like a masterpiece, and that's saying something because I absolutely hated that one. Finally, it was a poor decision on the part of Disney executives to give Debbie Ryan her own show, she's not lead star material, she was actually funny in the Suite Life on Deck, but here, it's as if she's trying too hard to be funny. That's all I really have to say about this, it's not very good, and if it were to stay on the network longer, it shouldn't go past 2 seasons. 3/10
bad When the youth Abdel goes to the hospital in coma due to a battering he receives at the police station, there are riots in the outskirts of Paris and one policeman loses his revolver. On the next morning, the Arab Said (Saïd Taghmaoui) summons his Jewish friend Vinz (Vincent Cassel) and they meet the black boxer Hubert (Hubert Koundé) in the slum where they live. Soon Vinz shows the missing gun that he found in the night before and he tells that if Abdel dies, he will revenge his friend killing a police officer. The trio of troublemaker and pothead friends head to the downtown of Paris where they spend the day asking for trouble. On the end of the long night, tragedy happens.The awarded "La Haine" is an impressive French movie that follows along 24 hours, the lives of three idle friends from a poor suburb of Paris that belong to a lost generation. I saw this movie in the 90's and today I have decided to see it again to compare the situations shown in the movie with what is recently happening in Brazil with several riots and it is amazing the similarities: lost youths with neither instruction nor job; unprepared and brutal police force; low quality of life in the slums or ghettos in the outskirts of the big cities (in Brazil, there are several slums also in the noble areas). The only difference is basically that France belongs to the First World and Brazil to the Third World; the rest is identical. My vote is eight.Title (Brazil): "O Ódio" ("The Hate")
bad All too often people like to rag on movies like this. Not every movie to hit the cinema will be Oscar worthy, Not every movie will be written with a story that will move you to tears or challenge your thinking. Set your expectations for the movie you will see and you are less likely to be disappointed. Chips is an entertaining cop buddy flick, rated R and has some adult humor. Both Pena and Shepard play their parts well and along the way the movie pokes fun at itself and the genre. There are plenty of laughs to be had here and overall the movie went at a steady pace. There is nothing ground breaking in it but I wanted a laugh, I got a laugh. Hopefully it does well enough at the box office to get a sequel.
bad When I first saw the trailer for this, and being a huge fan of the (Vastly superior) Fifth Element, as well as Leon the Professional, I could hardly wait to see it. What a mistake! I should have waited. A terrible story cannot be supported by great visuals. This was one boring, almost unfollowable story. The leads are pretty, but the inane dialogue waste's them totally. The entire SciFi part is wrapped around a basically horny Valerian wanting to settle down with his fellow agent. The opening, about the building of station Alpha is the best part. The rest of the film goes downhill from there. Just a really huge mistake. After Luc's near miss with Lucy, (good until the end), I was hoping that he would rebound with this, but this is just a huge, dull (I nearly fell asleep during it) mess of a movie. So sad, since there was some serious potential here.
bad Extraordinary real life event transformed into a rather embarrassing show of opportunism. Alek Skarlatos, Anthony Sadler, Spencer Stone are likable men, heroes in real life but as actors...didn't Clint Eastwood know, being an actor himself, that to play yourself you need acting talents. As a consequence Alek Skarlatos, Anthony Sadler and Spencer Stone play themselves, unconvincingly. If we start right there, nothing works. A very disheartening attempt at cashing in from an act of real American courage.
bad Aardman Animations have been part of my life. I will forever remember the moment Wallace wore the wrong trousers or Mrs Tweedy obnoxiously making chicken pies. Their animations are quintessentially British, and I'm somewhat patriotic about that. So it comes with no pleasure that I have to say I really didn't enjoy this. A small tribe of cavemen have been brutally kicked out of their valley. The rise of The Bronze Age creates a pivotal and existential question: who is better at football? Of course, you have your memorable characters that range from a bronze obsessed Lord to a sheepish hog...and there we have our film. Consistently, their animation style knocks it out of the park...Nick Park...*cough* everytime! Stop motion is a skill, an incredible talent and it's great to see fully fledged motion pictures are still being produced. The British voice cast were stupendously well suited, particularly Redmayne and Hiddleston who clearly had fun. Occasionally the witty script, filled with both football satire and ancient puns, did bring a smile on my face. It's just...not enough, I'm sorry to say. Look, Nick Park and the gang are endlessly inventive and provide great family entertainment value. Children will love this no doubt. It just wasn't for me. The plot was ridiculously predictable to a point where I could estimate accurately how the story would unfold. Guess what? I was right. The over reliance of crude slapstick humour (farts, annoying sounds etc.) was far too excessive and seemed dated. It's as if the studio haven't evolved whereas rivals Pixar, Laika and even Dreamworks are way ahead of the game. The story's execution felt primitive. I felt nothing towards the characters, wasn't moved by the plot and the clear moral of the story was forced down my throat. Teamwork...if you didn't get it. I just don't think football was the way to go. A real unfortunate misfire, I hope the studio bring it back with their next motion picture.
bad The saddest part of this mom/daughter duo comedy, is that Goldie Hawn had to participate in this stinker after being away from film for 15 years. She should have stayed away, as she still had the chops to have gone out on top, but now she unfortunately will be remembered to have been involved with a very, very, bad movie. Shumer can't roust laughs with another regurgitation of genital based humour, nor can she seem to even improvise; something which should come easy to her as it's any comedian's bread and butter. The reaching for jokes is insulting enough for the viewer, the forcing of a very bad script adds to the hurt. With a story-line that makes little sense at times, we are exposed to characters who seem to have little to do with the plot or are devoid of character development in the example of Wanda Sykes and Joan Cusak playing a gay couple (we can't even be sure of this) with special ops training, spoiling for a fight they never get. Or the incredibly handsome, mysterious "James", the man who creates the love interest for Shumer. He takes her out for dancing and adventure, and then disappears after they are "snatched" to only sheepishly re-appear tied to a chair later in the movie (Sykes and Cusak grab him), admitting to his role in the plot. This is an example of where we are left wondering, why is a gorgeous Australian guy like this trolling pool bar lounges at resorts in Ecuador looking for low to mid- income mother/daughter teams to kidnap? And for what purpose? Do the kidnappers think they are wealthy? Is there some mistaken identity here? If so, nobody told the viewers! In this movie, Amy Shumer's character has no job, and Goldie Hawn's performance revolves around a husband-less retirement,and taking care of three cats. I apologize for being a stickler about having some kind of organized plot, even though its the aim of movie makers to take you on an adventure when you go to the theatre. It's difficult to take this mildly seriously when it makes no sense at all. There is absolutely nothing which feels real in this film, other than the stringing along of stupid characters and less interesting jokes and attempting to weave it into something interesting and funny. The attempts to create some type of chemistry between Shumer and Hawn as a mother and daughter with different visions of their relationship doesn't get us there, and we realize quickly we're watching a film with gold medal attempts to "force' their situation on us, and hope it works. In all, the simple facts are the the writing is poor, Shumer just isn't funny, and Goldie is a sad reprisal of herself, lowering her talent to match both of these unsettling characteristics of the film.
bad One of the worst films I have ever watched. All I can say is don't waste your timeacting was poor everything bar the graphics was poor Amazing how cars lorry's buildings all flying down the street yet a human is okPointless rubbish
bad The Best film I have ever seen. And the most successful one which has stayed in Turkish cinemas 2 years in a row. Having watched this movie more than 200 times, I am declaring it as my whole life's movie. Special side characters, as Steven, Hemich and most of the rest remind me of a huge history "wirtten by those who have hung heroes".When dying in your beds, many years from now; Would you be willing to trade, all the days -from this day to that-, for one chance -just one chance- to watch this film and tell everybody we know, that they can watch lots of movies but they will never watch any Braveheart quality movie again..
bad I honestly don't know what to say about this horrendous, terribly unfunny movie except I wish I could get my money and time back for the waste that was this movie. Here is a suggestion - watch the movie before you release it. And, if it is supposed to be a comedy, make sure the movie makes you laugh. I know for a fact that none of you rich movie producers and stars watched this crappy film. And, if you did and told Mila Kunis that she was funny, I have to say, shame on you for lying to her. And Mila, if you watched this movie and still let them release it - you are a moron. The funniest part is when somebody says a funny word about their body parts and it just wasn't that amusing. I guess the other two people in the room didn't think it was very funny either because I never heard one person laugh for more than a moment. I think I laughed more while watching "Hannibal." Do not go to see this pile of crap. It was awful.
bad This movie in itself is not exactly bad. It looks alright, has some OK gore, decent acting for the most part, some slightly interesting characters. It doesn't suck. But as a origin story to one of horror's biggest icons? Eeeh, yeah. It's not great.Actually, right off the bat the biggest problem with this movie strikes me. When you're making an origin story to such a famous character, you should make sure that the story you make up and make into a movie is really awesome. Unfortunately, it's not. We see Leatherface's family and stuff, and it's just meh. The opening scene is just not very interesting. What follows though, isn't bad. They have some kind of story to tell here, not relying too much on TCM- lore, and I thought it was somewhat entertaining.You wouldn't have to cut a lot here to make this movie totally unrecognizable as a Leaterface origin-story, though. That's a shame. And it's also pretty tame, I'm sorry to say. Actually really tame. Like I said initially, the origin story to such a gruesome character should really be a lot more horrific, gruesome and ghastly. It's not. It's pretty watered down. I think the die hard fans of Leatherface will be disappointed with this. But who knows, I may be wrong.
bad I thought this movie was pretty dumb. Sorry, it was just silly and full of holes. This piece of garbage need the trashing it deserved. I have nothing against silly humor and have enjoyed some of the stupider films made by these actors, but this movie was just lazy. None of the characters seem like characters. It was watching the actors play as themselves with different names. With all these big names, the film directed by Dennis Dugan had great potential. But it just fell flat. This film remind me of another huge cast of comedian buddies movie. 2013's 'This is the End' works because it gave us a plot so out there that you can't help finding it funny. Both have a group of immature grown-ups that are mean-spirited and self-indulgent, but in 'This is the End', we see them punish for their answer. In 'Grown Ups', none of them go into any self-development. Why call the movie, 'Grown Ups' if none of bland, one dimensional unreliable characters truly grow more mature? If you going to keep the mean spirited humor, then why have slushy sentimentality? The movie is truly a bad version of 1983's the Big Chill. The plot is very similar to that. 'Grown ups' is about five friends who reunited for the Fourth of July holiday weekend in a camp after their junior high school basketball coach passes away. The story concept itself really had good potential, it could have been a smart comedy about childhood friends reuniting after all these years and catching up, having fun, being silly; you know, a comedy about something we could all relate to. Sadly I can't say most people can relate to them. First off, Adam Sandler plays an annoying over rich movie agent Lenny Feder marry to over the top hot woman Roxanne Chase (Salem Hayek) with spoil Paris Hilton like kids. The supporting characters are also just as annoying. Kevin James as Eric Lamonsoff was there for stupid fat jokes. I have to say Chris Rock as Kurt McKenize was under used, Rob Schneider was everybody favorite punching bag Rob Hilliard, mock because of his much older wife, and hot daughters is just a little more stupid than the others. Last is David Spade as Marcus Higgins in an unbelievable role as a womanizer and slacker who comes off as weak. Also to note, there is a lot of ex SNL cast members doing cameos in the film such as Tim Meadows, Norm Macdonald and Colin Quinn in this film. Then you got Steve Buscemi sports a cameo in the film. He look like Gollum from Lord of the Rings. He is so pale in the movie. I don't even see any of them as ex-basketball players. I don't even think they can even play basketball. Come to think of it, considering the group of people, and the theme of an old friend dying, they couldn't have come up with anything more emotionally affecting? Not like they had any real life events they could draw from. That is perplexing at best. But somewhere along that road it just took a nosedive into mediocrity. The amount of potential that was completely wasted here is mind-blowing. Jokes about potentially life-threatening injuries are still considered funny in Hollywood somehow. There is plenty of stupid slapstick humor, and prat falls to make any Jackass fan happy. Who in their right mind think arrow roulette is great idea? Other jokes fell flat to me too. I just turn off by the urinating, poop, and breast milk jokes. The worst had to be the animal getting hurt by the fat guy joke. Why are animals getting hurt a sign of humor? It's like dead baby humor, it's too dark for suppose family picture like this. If he going to have dark humor. Why can't we have some sophisticated dark humor? I have to say Big Daddy and 50 First Dates were decent so this movie could have been better. It felt like watching Adam Sandler hang out with his friends doing stupid stuff for an hour while somebody left the camera on. I know comedy movies such as this are suppose to be enjoyed, not ripped apart and analyzed. Critiques need to realize that it's entertainment, and as long as it is entertaining, it's might be a effective movie. Still, I wasn't entertain. Rather than watching this movie, I think people should just go outside and make their own friends, because watching this is just too lame. It's like watching a bunch of frats boys. A sequel indeed came out in 2013, titled 'Grown Ups 2'. Unfortunately it's worst then this movie. Sure if you look at it from a mature perspective it wasn't that great of a movie, but if you look at it from the immature, good sense of humor perspective, you might find it funny. I try to look at it immaturely, but the jokes weren't catching me. Like I said before, I found more humor in 'This is the End' then this. Unfortunately, supported to the end was the same - shallow atmosphere. Almost nothing was learned. The moral at the end was "convex" as the entire movie. I do not recommend, but it is worth watching, you want a stupid movie to watch. I saw it in theaters at the behest of a friend who enjoyed it, and went in with really low expectations, and if you set your standards low enough and turn off all brain function, the movie is actually watchable. If not, then you agree with my statements.
bad Another adolescent fantasy tripe. Seriously, who keeps thinking it's a good idea to make these. Throw a bunch of teens dressed in tight clothes into a pot, add some demons and superpowers, and then layer it with a bunch of cheesy dialogue to explain what's going on. Sooooo tiresome. At no time will you ever believe they are in any danger, or any emotions they are conveying is real, or that they themselves believe a single word that is coming out of their mouths.This story of demon hunters protecting normal people (mundanes) as their mission but the whole time they show nothing but contempt for normal humans. It's just bad writing. The story is contrived, the relationships are shallow, and it is just dull, lacking anything that is remotely original. This show should just stay in the shadows and fade away.
bad I gave it 28 minutes. That was generous, in that I knew it was going to be terrible within about 2.I've been to music school. It's not like this. The teachers aren't like this. No one's like this (obviously I'm referring to 'Hollywood idea of what a hard-ass music teacher might be like in some weird juvenile negative fantasy' Fletcher).I switched off when he threw a chair at Andrew the drum prodigy and then slapped him. SLAPPED him. Repeatedly. In front of a whole, cowed class of what, in legal terms, would be called witnesses to an assault, for playing slightly fast, the first time he's ever played to him in a band practice.I'm sorry, what?! Where does this/would this/has this ever happened? In a Charles Dickens novel about a jazz drum student, possibly. In anything even vaguely purporting to be based on real life now, um...No.I'm stunned. Yet another IMDb/Metacritic/Rotten Tomatoes gush-fest that is so laughably bad, you have to check the page again to really believe it's got such high praise.Excruciating nonsense.
bad Before I begin this, I want to say I'm not exactly the biggest TMNT fan out there. Having said that though, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is so bad that it'll probably make any fan, whether they be casual(like me) or a die hard fan. When trailers of the film first came out, I thought it looked like the new Transformers movie. But when I finished seeing it, and noticing Michael Bay was behind it, I had a bad feeling about it.Even though Bay is only producing and Jonathan Liebesman is the director, who was behind Battle: Los Angeles, this film still feels like a Michael Bay film. From the over the top explosions, really loud sound effects that'll probably make you deaf, and, of course, Megan (I can't act) Fox.The story is mostly recycled from the first TMNT film from way back in 1990. The Foot Clan is terrorizing New York City and crime is at an all time high there. Apparently, though, they want to ally themselves with some corporate guy, spread a toxin, and sell the cure to the government for money. After that, we are pretty much treated to the typical Michael Bay stuff you'd see.The fight scenes are very similar to that of Bay's four Transfomers movies. They're long, very bloated, and everything is pretty much exploding like every item is combustible. I was somehow expecting Optimus Prime to somehow show up. Though, part of me wants to say this was action stuff Bay had not time in to fit in Transformers 4 and decided to use it here.The acting is a mixed bag. The actors voicing the turtles are decent enough and are rather believable. They also do a decent job keeping the turtles to their same personality, sometimes. However, Megan Fox is NOT cut out to be April O'Neil. She just has this constant dull surprise expression, or is staring at the camera, not sure how to react. Not to mention she's not tough or confident like in the TV shows. She's more of a coward than anything. Tohoru Masamune is a very mediocre Shredder. I don't feel intimidated by him at all. The original Shredder in the first two TMNT films was much better than Masamune here.Perhaps the actors could've done better if the script wasn't so bad. The dialogue is bland as sawdust and it looks like some of the actors seem embarrassed by what they have to say sometimes.Not to mention they get the origins of the TMNT and Splinter wrong. Instead of Splinter being Hamato Yoshi's pet, or Hamato Yoshi himself, he turns out to belong to April when she was younger, along with the four turtles. The turtles themselves were actually supposed to be found by Splinter, but instead they all end up in the sewer together. So forget following continuity or respecting the source material.The jokes provided by the turtles are not funny either. Instead of clever gags or witty jokes from our heroes, we're treated to fart jokes and other raunchy material.Speaking of which, the Turtles look ugly. I know they're supposed to be mutants and going for some realism here since it's live action, but this is ridiculous. I couldn't be intimidated with how goofy they look, even if one held a gun to my head. The animation for them is also stiff as a wooden board and, I swear, lip syncing looked off.Perhaps the worst part of this movie is that it doesn't have any of the joy or fun of TMNT. It's extremely dark and joyless. While there were dark elements in the shows it had, it was lighthearted most of the time. Here, the film is dark and probably dark for the sake of being so. There's no joy, no fun, no laughs to be found. It's rather depressing instead.Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles fails as a reboot to the franchise and triumphs as a means of insulting the hardcore fans who love the TMNT since the first TV show. If its story isn't taking its sweet time to get going, its throwing bad jokes at you. Not to mention bad acting, bloated action scenes, horrible CGI turtles, and pretty much straying far too much from the TV shows everyone grew to love. And the stuff that does have to do with the shows feels like a slap in the face.Sadly, I've heard that a sequel is in the works already. What's worse is that they're bringing in Casey Jones and Beebop and Rocksteady. Stick to the TV shows and the three movies I say and spare yourself the agony of this film and its possible sequels.
bad K.C. Undercover is not funny nor does it seem to be a show that I would recommend to persons older than 15 as it is tacky and has bad acting.Although Zendaya is a semi-good actor she is not suitable for a action series such as this because her martial arts skills look unrealistic like movies of the 1970's. I understand that this is a show on Disney but it is no excuse for it to be so childish that it comes across dumb.The show comes across low budgeted and this is displayed in it's plot. I would not recommend this series to none of my friends as this show can not be compared to shows such as Jessie, That's so Raven, Kim Possible or even Sofia the First. As the Disney company seeks to carry up it's ratings I though it would have sought to liven up it's already tacky line up with refreshing shows but I can see that the Disney writers are also lacking vision as this show is lacking backbone and any comical push.In order for this show to become watchable for me it would have to turn around as I would not we watching the episodes to come.
bad Why make a movie based on a book, and change literally every aspect of the book?? I know movies aren't going to be exactly like the books, but this is ridiculous.
bad "That the spy will fabricate his information is a mere commonplace. But in the sphere of political and revolutionary action, relying partly on violence, the professional spy has every facility to fabricate the very facts themselves, and will spread the double evil of emulation in one direction, and of panic, hasty legislation, unreflecting hate, on the other. However, this is an imperfect world . . . ."Joseph Conrad, The Secret AgentHere's my ultimatum: Find a better spy thriller this year or agree with me (not a natural instinct for discerning readers) that Bourne Ultimatum is one cracker-jack adventure, not exceeded by even the estimable Live Free or Die Hard. Paul Greengrass solidifies his rep as a director who can helm intelligent action and keep the audience enthralled for hours.Jason Bourne for three years has been tracking himself because amnesia was a part of his training as a super sleuth for the CIA and he wants to know who the hell he is. On his path to self knowledge lie countless bodies, dispatched with an admirable efficiency, albeit fantastic at times. But the genius of this film is to make me a believer in that supremacy, so good is Damon at projecting smarts and physical superiority.Part of the fun is tracking the world with him from Turin to Tangiers to Waterloo Station, a favorite spot of mine where the Thames and the Eye converge on the passages of every traveler in London. Bourne navigates despite the CIA's best attempts to stop him; he guides a reporter through the station with cell phones, a tour de force sequence of technology aiding intelligence. It's athletic, scary, and exhilarating, as if Bourne were guiding us through the labyrinth of the very movie itself.Bourne Ultimatum touches lightly on the current challenges of government-sanctioned rendition and torture. When Damon asks an antagonist/operative to look at what they have become, assassins who don't know why they assassinate, and when assistant director Noah Vosen (David Strathairn) discloses that his unit may murder at will, Congress's subpoenas can be seen waiting for Cheney and his covert crew. The film manages to strike a pose even while neocons and struggling Dems enjoy the ride.You can bet the resolution is another compressed denouement with a heavy dose of the incredible. So be it. It's summer, and I had just sat through J Lo's boring El Cantante. I needed to travel light, and Jason was just the right companion. Yes, he finds out his real name, but he'll always be Bourne to us.
bad L.A. Confidential is perhaps, one of the best and most intriguing pieces of moving picture in the past few decades. The brilliancy of the script itself, deserves a standing ovation, because it is in my opinion, one of the most thought-out and nerve wrecking of its time. The direction by Curtis Hanson gives this intense and complex movie softness and makes a gentle approach to the audience, because none of the material is forced through, but instead it rests quietly in the subconsciousness of the audience the whole time. The plot is just awesome and stands out from any of the former (and later) police/criminal movies, because we get to experience the action behind the curtain, from a passive point of view. The plot has a great balance between tossing us into the action, and gently luring us through one mystery after another, trying to find the answers. The actors give the ideas of the script and the characters faces, and gives us a chance to relate and identify with the characters involved. Each of them delivers great performances: Spacey as always smart, sly and above all believable, though he does not exceed his brilliant performance in "The Usual Suspects". Crowe with his, so far, best performance in my opinion, with temper and depth. Pearce with an OK performance without really reaching the top, but fills out his character nicely. Devito is amusing and cool and does everything he can to contribute to this movie. Basinger with her Oscar-winning role, plays the beautiful blond convincingly and spices up the last aspect of the movie, with splendor and depth as well. Alltogehter this makes one hell of a good movie. Fast, smart, complicated, exciting, raw and above all believable and entertaining. Well done by the creators of L.A. Confidential.
bad Best Ghost film in a long time, ignore the critics and moaners, unless films are about me too, or racial divesity or left wing the critics are panning everything, it was scary non stop mirren & finn the 2 lead actors went toe to toe throughout with there acting skills, mirren made a mistake of speaking up about people should get a oscar for acting skills not based on racial colours, hence the reason the critics hate her now, these left wing critics really are out of control, there like a lynch mob with tunnel vision.
bad Greetings again from the darkness. To determine if this is your type of movie, you need only answer one question: Are you a Nicholas Sparks fan? Even though this is based on a novel by Heidi McLaughlin and not Nicholas Sparks, no normal person would be able to tell the difference, as the formula and story structure is very familiar (even the marketing campaign capitalizes on this). Perhaps that is the key to the success of movies like this - the stories are like a warm, comfy blanket to some folks.Picturesque (and fictional) St Augustine, Louisiana is the setting for the love story of Liam and Josie. Things get off to a rocky start as the jilted bride is stranded on her wedding day. The film jumps ahead 8 years and we find that Liam (Alex Roe, THE 5TH WAVE) is now a country music superstar with a drinking problem and a duct-taped flip phone, while Josie (Jessica Rothe, HAPPY DEATH DAY) is a successful business owner and single mom. It's at this point where you could most assuredly guess what happens next, as predictability and commitment to the formula are the mission.Bethany Ashton Wolf is the writer/director and her film benefits from the presence of star-in-the-making Alex Roe and the precocious Abby Ryder Fortson as Josie's daughter. Mr. Roe spends much of the movie in various stages of sweat (I guess that's supposed to be sexy?), but the camera loves him and he has a unique approach that sets him apart from the endless line of pretty boy actors. Young Miss Fortson has already played the daughter of ANT-MAN and she has the ability to come off as normal kid, rather than an actress playing a kid. John Benjamin Hickey (Liam's dad), Gillian Vigman (publicist), Tyler Riggs (Josie's brother), and Peter Cambor (Liam's agent) fill the supporting roles, and it's Travis Tritt who adds an all-too-brief touch of authenticity to the music and local saloon. The movie is exactly what it portends to be ... nothing more, nothing less. If it's to your taste, it'll be that soft comforter that brings you serenity. If it's not your style, it will likely be as itchy and scratchy as a new wool horse blanket.
bad Contains SpoilersThe Location - The film is set in San Fransico, as we are reminded several times throughout the film, with good reason. San Fransico represents the city that gave birth to free love - and this is subtly juxtaposed with the theme of the film, that love is not free. Johnny's apartment has a spiral staircase indicating that the path to meaningful congress isn't straight forward, as evidenced by Lisa's liaison on the stairs. The many scenes on the roof top actually represent reaching a higher level of understanding. The transcendental if you will.The football - the football represents Lisa, a woman who is prepared to be passed from man to man, and indeed those that are not prepared for her suffer a literal downfall. It is symbolism and beautiful metaphor.The dress - this is Johnny's subconscious awareness of Lisa's true reality expressed in Jungian terms. He is bestowing on her the role of the Scarlet Woman.The rose - When Johnny places the rose on the bed next to Lisa he is saying " I am replacing one prick in this bed with several pricks" How true he is! The white car - this is in fact Johnny's white steed. Symbolism for him being the good guy.The repeated scene - don't believe all you read. The lovemaking scene is repeated, not for budgetary reasons or the actress' dislike of Tommy; rather it indicates that the lovemaking has become boring and literally repetitious.The Tuxedos - these symbolise Johnny's identity loss and awareness of mass consciousness.The Psychologist - forsaking the R.D Laing school of thought, he is unable to identify the existential angst of the other characters and after his symbolic downfall plays no further part in their lives.Chris R - this is in fact a scathing critique of the American Health Care system. Denny is obviously using him to get extra supplies of the Ritalin he so badly requires.The alcohol - the Scarlet Woman Lisa tempts Johnny away from the path of virtue by intoxicating him with the noxious substances of two cultures - whiskey and vodka, representing the intoxicating combination of their pairing.The names - Johnny, the 'everyman', a name used in countless films in the 40's and 50's. His everyman status is reinforced by the florists failure to recognise him until he removes that which alters his perception of the world. His sunglasses. Lisa represents 'everywoman'. Notice how the other characters have lovers called Betty and Elizabeth. Claudette - literally 'Claw Debt' - a woman obsessed by her own and others financial situation.Genetic determinism - Lisa was born out of a loveless relationship and is therefore doomed to repeat such behaviour. Her mother's breast cancer represents the transmission of this through suckling.The spoons - one is reminded of Heideggers contemplation of the representation of boots in art. The spoons are there for aesthetic rather than utility purposes. This shows that one does not always get 'one's just desserts' ( Get your coat, you're fired - Ed)
bad I don't know what I was expecting... To be honest apart from the first HP movie... every single one of the following movies has left out major plot points, characters and story lines. I guess I figured that was mainly because the movies only have a certain length of time to tell the story. Thus it was natural for me to assume that with 5+ hours they would be able to include everything in the one book... I assumed wrongly.First off - Do not see this in 3D... The 3D is an after thought and literally added nothing to the experience. The only scene that was 3D that stands out in memory was the death of Voldemort and his confetti explosion.What did they get right? Well its hard to say really.. I was really disappointed with the pacing for the first half of the 2nd part. It felt slow and weird and anti-climatic the entire way. The bank scene and special effects seems average and low budget for a franchise with such high profits. The acting from everyone doesn't quite do the job. Snapes "redemption" scene was acted out really poorly by Alan Rickman.. which is a shame because I was really looking forward to it as it's one of the more moving parts in the series. The only scene that felt like it mirrored the book accurately was the Kings Cross section (apart from Harry having clothes on...) My main gripe with the movie is that they left out so much considering they had two movies to cover it. Harry telling Neville to kill the snake and thus Neville having and important role in the ending of the war <- This part was the ONE part I was looking forward to when Neville pulls the sword out of the hat and cuts Nagini in two... Yet they changed it to Hermione and Ron battling the snake and Neville coming in as an afterthought... The entire war at the end was missing - Centaurs, Goblins/Kreecher, Hagrid/Aragog and just felt very anti-climatic and also have very poor CGI. The entire point of the Deathly Hallows is missed out with Harry not claiming ownership of the wand and reflecting Voldemorts death spell back onto him, and is replaced with a VERY tame action scene that went for about 10 minutes (its then mentioned as an afterthought by Harry post battle). The scene when Harry confronts Snape was also bizarre and seemed unnecessary... Overall the changes and missing scenes left me feeling very empty.My girlfriend hasn't read the books and she enjoyed it.. So I'm sitting here wondering if the knowledge of the books hampered my enjoyment of it. I have no doubt this film will be hailed a success and will make bazillon dollars, but I can't help but feel that another director/team could've handled this a lot truer to the books.
bad Based on the graphic novel. About a girl living in her own head, thinking that she's playing a game in which she saves her town form a problem it has with Giants. It's a touching story. Almost made me cry...almost. I'll tell you why it did not cry. I did not find the story gripping enough. The connection between a little girl's fantasy world and the real reason why she made it up was drawing at straws. Although that could be the case for all children going through emotional stress, I don't know, but from a cinematic point of view, it was too lose the base on reality. What's important is that the movie lives up to the curiosity of the poster that I saw that made me go see it. It has heart as they say and is filled with delightful characters as every fantasy film should beA solid picture worth seeing.
bad Seriously, this movie was ridiculous from the very beginning. Sandler and Aniston were bad caricatures of a plastic surgeon and his compassion less assistant, Brooklyn Decker came across as the world's stupidest school teacher and worst of all was Nick Swordson's rendition of Jerry Lewis' Mad Professor. The kids (although cute) weren't even likable and as their mother, JA showed all the warmth and maternal instincts of a Madame Tussaud figure. On the bright side for Aniston, her bikini body was way hotter than Deckers. The only bright spot was Nicole Kidman's conniving character. I can only assume that a lost wager on Kidman's part accounted for her appearance in this charade of a movie. If that's the case, she's probably sworn off betting forever. So sorry I added to the week's coffers. It's not even worth the price of a rental.
bad The Mummy Returns is a definate "must-see" movie. It has Great Effects, great acting, a great story, all done, by amazing people! If you liked the first Mummy, you will LOVE this one. It has action, adventure, romance and comedy all the way through, it's great! I have found nothing wrong with it. The story was very well written by a great man, Stephen Sommers. This one is very funny and keeps you entertained all the way through. The music is superb as well, it is also nice that the main cast returns as well as 92 percent of the crew! At first I was not sure of Freddie Boath but as soon as I saw the first scene he was in I knew that if a child of that age can act that well, the so can all the adults. Anyone whose anyone must see this movie. Nothing bad can be said about it. So, get to the cinema now and relive the adventure started off in the first one, and continued in this one.
bad "It happens sometimes. Friends come in and out of our lives, like busboys in a restaurant."Stand By Me is Rob Reiner's love letter to friendship and nostalgic memories. It's ironic that Reiner's film looks at the past with such high regards because we can do the same with his filmography. His best films were all made in the 80's (and we can squeeze Misery and A Few Good Men into that list as well although they came out in 1990 and 1992 respectively), and despite not having directed many great films over the past few decades we can still look back at his early films and appreciate his classics. Stand By Me reminds us all of our early childhood and the friendships we made. It doesn't matter what decade we grew up in, we all cherish special memories of adventures we shared with our friends and how they helped shape us. That is what is so universal and appealing about Reiner's film; even though we may never have grown up in a small town or had similar outdoor adventures it still recalls us back to a time where we were discovering new things about the world and standing up for our friends when they were in trouble or running with them when we got caught playing in our neighbor's yards. Stand By Me focuses on these memories and it's not just about the adventure in itself but the bond these friends shared together. It's probably the go to movie when we are comparing or referencing other coming of age films, and in my opinion one of the best ever made considering how much I appreciate the genre. I'm sure the film itself was a life changing experience for many who grew up watching it and dreaming of having similar adventures with their friends.Based on Stephen King's short story, "The Body," the screenplay for the film was adapted by Raynold Gideon and Bruce Evans. It takes place in 1959 and centers on four 12 year old friends from Castelrock, Oregon who overhear a conversation about the location of the body of a dead boy who had been missing for several days. The news about the disappearance of this boy had spread all over town, so these kids decide to embark on an adventure through the woods and bring back the missing body so they can be received as heroes. Since the journey would take more than a full day, they plan to tell their parents that they are staying at each other's home. Gordie (Will Wheaton) had recently lost his older brother (played by John Cusack in the flashback scenes) a few months prior to this in a car accident so he knew his mourning parents wouldn't even mind him being gone for a few days. His best friend, Chris (River Phoenix), came from a troublesome family and despite knowing he'd get into trouble if they'd discover his lie he didn't think it would be any different if he stayed with his drunk father. Teddy (Corey Feldman) still has the scars from the abuse he suffered from his mentally unstable father, and currently lives with his mother. Vern (Jerry O'Connell), the clown of the group who isn't taken very seriously is the one who came up with the idea of looking for the body, but he also is the first to back down when it comes to it. The four finally decide to go ahead with their plan and begin their adventure, which will eventually shape who they are. The story is narrated by the grown up version of Gordie (played by Richard Dreyfuss) somewhere around 1985.The strong performances in this film are one of the reasons why it continues to work today. River Phoenix was such a natural and is so charismatic that he steals every scene he's in. The chemistry he shares with Wheaton's character is strong and it reminds us all of that best friend we had in our childhood. Corey Feldman must have had the best agent because he starred in some of the best films that were released in the 80's (Gremlins, The Goonies, The Burbs, and The Lost Boys). Jerry O'Connell is probably the one that has undergone the greatest physical transformation, but he was perfect for the role of Vern and he reminded us of that friend who always seemed to be the butt of every joke. These four young actors carry the film and despite not having the most exciting of adventures, the way the story is told is what makes it such a fascinating one. There are small moments like the one where they gather around the camp fire to listen to Gordie's story, or when they are crossing the pond and discover its full of leeches, that stand out. The film is told through Gordie's recollection of these events and each scene feels like an authentic memory someone would have of such a life changing experience. The 50's soundtrack also plays a key role in the film since it adds to the overall sense of nostalgia. Reiner's film reminds me how much I actually have enjoyed Stephen King's non-horror stories (this along with Shawshank Redemption and The Green Mile are my favorite film adaptations of his work). Since its 1986 release, all the coming of age films that have followed it seem to heavily borrow from it. Stand By Me is the measuring stick for films in this genre.http://estebueno10.blogspot.com/
bad Daddy's Home 2 is very similar to its predecessor. If you liked the first one, you'll probably like the second. There are a ton of cheap gags and Will Ferrell gets in situations that should have left him hospitalized constantly. The introduction of Mel Gibson and John Lithgow as the grandfathers just takes the opposite dads concept to the extreme as they are even farther out versions of the Mark Wahlberg and Will Ferrell characters. Most of the jokes weren't worth more than a chuckle, with the exception of an extremely relatable thermostat bit. The ending was stretching the limits of believably, even for a ridiculous comedy, but all in all it was solid ideal entertainment.Mel Gibson brought the best comedic moments, largely because he character was really playing into the Mel Gibson tough guy persona and it felt more natural than the other characters. Linda Cardellini was able to do more with her character as she was given a couple scenes alongside Alessandra Ambrosio, whose cameo was expanded into a full fledged role. Ambrosio was successfully hidden in her scenes to avoid exposing the fact that she is a model, not an actress. John Cena was also credited as returning in his cameo role as well, but I never saw him, though the other characters acted as though he was there.
bad The Pianist is not a movie made for entertainment. It's either more or less than that and only the viewer can decide. You have to ask yourself sometimes if the main reason films about the holocaust are so popular is because of shock appeal. If a movie depicts these terrifying events well, does that make it a good movie? The Pianist has many scenes showing the Nazi's brutality that feel almost voyeuristic. Some scenes show Adrien Brody's character looking out the window at these terrible things and you feel as if you're looking out a window, too.I hope shock appeal isn't the reason this film is liked so much, though. Because this is an amazing story about the will to survive. Music is the character's passion,and throughout his struggles he can only fantasize about playing piano. There is one scene near the end in which he finally gets the opportunity. What follows is a touching moment that transitions from rusty skills warming up to an intense and passionate display of artistic talent. In this moment there is no longer a war going on, no longer the agony of hunger or memories of lost loved ones, just beautiful music. His reputation as a musician and his desire to go on to play again is essentially what keeps him alive. And who says art isn't important?Adrien Brody is very good in this. Well obviously he is, he just won the Best Actor Oscar. I think he can be compared to Tom Hanks in Cast Away- even in scenes of silence there's just something about the actor's movements and expressions that keeps you engaged.There's another scene near the end that defines the entire performance, the entire movie for me: After all the trouble Brody went through trying to survive, he is almost killed by the people who would save him. He is wearing a coat that a German officer had given him earlier, and when Russian troops spotted Brody they thought he was German. They shot at him and almost killed him, but they finally found out he was Polish. An officer asks him, "Why the f-cking coat?" Brody, with his hands still in the air, a terrified look on his face, almost crying, replies: "I'm cold." That did it for me.The Pianist is certainly a shocking and even depressing film, but like most movies that aspire to provoke thoughts and emotions, the audience takes out of it what they bring in to it. Surely Szpiellman wasn't just a lucky bastard who survived in times of inhumane brutality. It was through the kindness and compassion of others who helped him, if only because they found themselves inexplicably moved by his music.My rating: 10/10
bad Lion King meets a terrible 1980's sitcom. The CGI is some of the worse ever, the plot is as dull as a mother superior on laundry day but laughable in many places, the music oh dear lord. As for cliches, well you could write a whole page on it, didnt think anything could be as bad as Wonder Woman or Justice League but this topped it by a distance. Poor old Stan Lee, he doesnt even get a gag, he just looks like he is suffering from wind and wanted to be back home. Awful garbage, wait till some small TV company buys it and it's on a Sunday tea-time in a few years and save some money.
bad Cannibal holocaust. A group of 4 filmmakers and their guide take a trip to the rain forest a.k.a. "the green inferno" to shoot a documentary about the native "cannibal" tribes. After a short period of shooting they discover that the footage they have shot so far is not spectacular enough so they decide to stage the whole thing. Their misbehavior is put at an end when they come across one of the "real" cannibal tribes of the region. When the home front discovers that the crew shows no sign of life they decide to send out a rescue mission. These people (an anthropologist and his guides) retrieve the original footage that the missing crew has shot and they bring it back to the US...I decided to wait for the uncut European version of the film because i am not a fan of censorship (each individual should be able to decide for himself what he wants or doesn't want to see) but this can ONLY be the case with FICTION. This film however contains actual footage of animal killings (a snake is beheaded, a spider is squashed, a monkey is scalped, a turtle is beheaded and after-wards eaten, a pig is shot in the head,...)and this is not the essence of a horror film. Horror movies are supposed to be fictional stories with great special effects and effective story lines that entertain or scare you with their originality. Movies like this one give the horror scene a bad name and why...? This film is "famous" for it's "great" special effects; the special effects in this movie are so bad that every scene that contains one of these "so called" effects is shot out of focus (the filmmakers get away with it because they can use the excuse that it has been shot using small portable cameras). The only times the gore is convincing is when they use actual guts from real animals and make it look like it came from a human body. The story line of the movie is completely unbelievable (with footage of rape and torture that are just thrown in without adding any originality whatsoever- the mere reason they put this in is to "shock" the viewer even more/ they didn't succeed), the make-up effects are weak (just some guys painted white and wearing wigs made out of straw) and the acting is probably the worst acting in the entire history of cinema. The only positive thing i can say about this movie is that it contains some great images of the untouched fauna and flora of the rain forest. This is however not the reason why i have bought this film. It is said that Deodato regrets that he has made this film and he should be; it is a total waste of time and money.
bad 'WHEN WE FIRST MET': Three Stars (Out of Five)A romantic comedy about a guy who travels back in time, multiple times, in an attempt to get out of the 'friend zone' with the girl of his dreams. It stars Adam Devine, Alexandra Daddario, Shelley Hennig, Robbie Amell and Andrew Bachelor. It was directed by Ari Sandel (who also helmed 2015's 'THE DUFF'), and it was written by Devine and John Whittington (who also co-wrote 'THE LEGO BATMAN MOVIE' and 'THE LEGO NINJAGO MOVIE'). The film was released by Netflix through it's streaming site. I found it to be mildly amusing. Noah Ashby (Devine) has been hopelessly in love with his best friend Avery Martin (Daddario), ever since the night they met. He felt that night went perfect, but she has kept him in the 'friend zone' ever since (and now she's engaged to someone else). Upon making a wish in a picture booth, to make things different, Noah travels back in time to the night he met Avery. When he doesn't set things right the first time, he keeps traveling back in time (to the same night) in a desperate attempt to get it right. The movie has a cool premise, and it's kind of a unique new twist on the time traveling flick, but other than that it's kind of simple and unoriginal. Devine is good in it though, and he's always funny in my opinion. Daddario's character is pretty unlikable though, in my opinion as well, and I had a hard time even relating to why he's so in love with her. It's also pretty obvious, the entire film, who he should be pining after. The film, like most movies, has it's positives and negatives, and I'll give it a slightly above average rating for them.
bad This was a truly hilarious movie. Although it is something that is rare to say, but this sequel was better than the first movie. It was fun and heartwarming with comedic surprises. All the actors did a phenomenal job with their roles. The movie was light-hearted fun, just like you would expect from a good movie of this genre. Once again, I am reminded why comedy movies are the best (in my opinion).
bad It's exactly the same as Bad Neighbours except EVEN LESS FUNNY. They're in a suburb full of idiots smoking lots of weed and getting drunk and breaking the law.I blame this disgrace of a movie on director Andrew Jay Cohen, the same douche bag that wrote and directed Bad Neighbours 1 and 2. He's brain dead. The extent of his experience is obviously partying and smoking weed all day. Why would I watch a movie about that? Why is he allowed to write or direct the same thing over and over? It's not even funny, it's sad.Will Ferrell should take responsibility too. He's supposed to be a good actor, he should have said "NO" to this pile of crap. His only funny lines are when he says "B*tch", and that's it, two times, everything else is total crap except possibly the part where the guy catches on fire. Just watch the clip on youtube, there's nothing of value in this storyline whatsoever.Just thinking about this movie makes me want to vomit.This movie isn't funny, it's just a promotion of drugs and criminal/amoral activity, basically a reflection and confirmation of our perception of the idiocracy of Hollywood.
bad How this movie got 7 out of 10 stars is beyond me,the scenery was nice, but it was worse then open water and about as boring and drawned out that it could possibly get. Basically it contained 4 characters which all die but one person of course we know who didn't die. The ending was even worse when she kills the shark by guiding it to its death when it gets stabbed by the buoy pipes. I had waited a while to see this movie and was really disappointed, at one point the two guys come back and she is screaming shark, shes on the rocks and they ignore her, morons get in the water and soon enough are eaten. So then we are subjected to blake talking to a seagull and timing the swim, evidentally she knows the sharks swimming routine.I have really nothing more to say but have to keep writing because of the limit, let's just say I wasted 1.5 hrs of my life to route for a shark
bad Inside the mind it is dark. You imagine it is safe. You take refuge there. Outside of the mind is the world. The world is sick, dangerous.You have a door between the two. You keep it locked. You have a protocol for the door to keep what is out, out. The people you trust, that you let inside, you expect them to keep to the protocol as well.But at night something comes the door can't defend against. At night the dreams come, because the dreams live inside, with you. Dreams of doubt and fear. It's at night when the door is most necessary... and most likely to be compromised."It Comes at Night" shrugs off traditional horror beats and embraces the extended discourse of a nightmare, the inky blacks lit only by a hand-held lantern, the invisible contagions that we can't keep out no matter how hard we try, the way a fire we must light attracts things that might do us harm.It's "Night of the Living Dead" without zombies. It's "The Thing" without a monster. It's the distrust we have of everything outside, even the outsiders that are inside. It's the long narrow dark hallway to a door that's supposed to be locked, must be locked, but isn't.And it's one of the very best horror films of the year so far. A year that has already been a landmark one for progressive, humanist, and existential horror.And yes, it is a horror film, no matter what others may tell you.
bad This is a real bore - they even can make of Homer's epic Illias/Odysee a total boring affair. Well, that's an achievement, I must admit. I won't go to much into the matter of black actors playing roles they don't belong. Just imagine, you make a movie about Nelson Mandela at he is played by Brad Pitt or Tom Cruise. In ten years from now Hollywood makes a Biopic about Mr. Trump played by Morgan Freeman ;)Anyway, first of all - the first episode got me almost killed with boredom. Nothing else to say. Much talking and not much action. But the girl playing the Greek goddess Aphrodite is very beautiful indeed. Best part of the show. Episode 2 won't see me. I will re watch Troja with Mr. Pitt or reread the original material by Homer = time better spent.The Sharp Blade of Boredom
bad Sadly, this movie lost me when "hero" asks a scientist "do you have kids?" Response: "no". Reply: " then shut up or get out". Really? Only parents have morals and ethics and worry about the future of the planet? Sad that a movie like this could be made in 2018. I kept my fingers crossed it would end badly for this character.
bad I got to see an advance screening last night. If you're a fan of the first Sin City, you won't be disappointed. It's more of the same, but that's a good thing: hyper-stylized visuals, intense violence, plenty of splattered blood. Film Noir cranked up to 11. Jessica Alba doing her stripper grind? CHECK. Mickey Rourke causing much harm? CHECK. Josh Brolin is new to the franchise and he is GREAT! JGL is new to the franchise and he is GREAT! But the film really belongs to Powers Boothe. He is just pure evil. If you liked him as Cy Tolliver in Deadwood you'll love him in this. The only drawback is that the original Miho (Asian female killer) was apparently pregnant at the time of the filming of the sequel, so they had to replace her. That's kind of a bummer.Fans of the comic / graphic novel will be happy. Fans of Robert Rodriguez will be happy. GO!
bad Why I ask you? Why oh why oh why oh why oh why do the scriptwriters of Pitch Perfect 3 - Kay Cannon (the original PP screenwriter) and Mike White ("The Emoji Movie") - think that this dreadfully lazy set of loosely connected scenes represent a viable basis for a movie? Is the view from the guys who green-lit this thing that the crowd that loved "Pitch Perfect" and the pretty dreadful sequal "Pitch Perfect 2" will pay their box office money regardless? Let's advertise the hell out of it and cash in our chips before word of mouth gets out!?In this 'adventure' the Bellas go on a US Forces overseas tour (though this is not really explained until they suddenly appear in Spain - what? how?). The really really annoying commentators John (John Michael Higgins) and Gail (Elizabeth Banks, "Love and Mercy") tag along, filming some lame half-arsed documentary about them until even the scriptwriters get fed up of that tedious plot-line and it quietly withers on the vine.Fat Amy (is this still an acceptable nickname in 2017?) also runs into her nefarious father again after many years (John Lithgow, "Interstellar", "Daddy's Home 2"). Lithgow - sporting a wonderful Australian accent - is about the best thing in the film. The "plot" (sorry, I can barely bring myself to use that word) revolves around Daddy trying to get something of Amy's that he needs, for reasons - given the yacht he sails - that makes no sense whatsoever. Will he succeed? Will the Bellas get selected to headline with DJ Khaled (who is apparently a thing, but I've never heard him on BBC Radio 2)? Does anyone really care?As my wife pointed out, it's a bit unfortunate that the only Bellas who are not stick-thin size zeroes are the obese loud one, the black lesbian one and two that nobody knows why they are there. The message to the target female teen audience is clear: if you want to be "in" you'd better diet... hard. Nice.What can I say that's vaguely nice about this film?Some of the acapella song and dance numbers are fun enough, particularly "Toxic" that opens the film;The closing number by Anna Kendrick ("Table 19") is quite appealing;There are also about 5 funny lines that made me smile: not laugh... smile; It's also a relif John and Gail, unlike in "Pitch Perfect 2", only come out with one xenophobic/racist comment in the film (and that's about the French, so that hardly counts ).And I'm out...There will be no doubt die-hard teenage fans who will love this one too. But my wife was a great fan of the first film (as indeed was I); she tolerated the second one; but even she declared this to be "Aca-Awful". It's not as toxically dreadful as "Dirty Grandpa"... what could be? But, seriously, life is too short for this.(For the full graphical review, please visit bob-the-movie-man.com or One Mann's Movies on Facebook. Thanks).
bad SERIOUS SPOILERS INCLUDED ***************************** David Heyman, the Producer of the Harry Potter films, made the single biggest mistake of his career when he decided that the Director of each film would be offered the opportunity to direct the next. Chris Columbus did a great job working with the young inexperienced actors and actresses in the first 2 films. Alfonso Cuarón and Mike Newell did good jobs with the next 2 (I wish Goblet of Fire had been split into 2 films to include many more subplots, but the primary emotional content was maintained). For various reason, each of these three directors stopped.Then David Yates entered the scene and proceeded to dramatically change the feel of the films. For lack of a better word, the "magic" was expunged and everything took on a more "realistic" look. Films 5 and 6 were terrible compared with the books. I initially blamed 5 on the fact that Steve Kloves did not write the screenplay, but I now know I was wrong.The film of Deathly Hallows, Part I was OK, but it was simply the setup for the emotional second half.I just saw Deathly Hallows, Part II this evening and I was speechless. In addition to adding useless parts to the narrative, critical emotional scenes were eliminated (e.g. final conversation with Dumbledore and the final conversation between Harry and Voldemort/Tom Riddle where Harry gave Voldemort on last chance to find remorse).Yates even managed to suck the life out of one of the most exciting moments in the book, where Molly Weasley intervenes to save Ginny from Bellatrix and yells "Not my daughter, you bitch!" In the film, Molly calmly makes this statement as if she is some western gunfighter.The final scene between the 3 main characters (not including the epilogue) had NO life at all.David Yates - shame on you.Thank goodness we will always have the books.
bad Do I like musicals? Not really... but damn, 'La La Land' is a nostalgic, colourful, joyful marvel!Damien Chazelle gained international acclaim and recognition from his masterful drama 'Whiplash', what were the chances that he could pull off similar success two times in the row? Well, if 'La La Land' is anything to go by, then I'd say he did the job. With just three films under his belt as of 2016, Chazelle is slowly becoming the next big thing this movie industry has seen. His passion for classic movies and musicals is evident as he references and pulls influence from films like 'Singin' in the Rain', 'The Umbrellas of Cherborg' and even 'Rebel Without a Cause', the latter of which is one of my favourite films so seeing the nod to it was something I was pleased about.The chemistry between Gosling and Stone is strong to say the least, after two previous collaborations, their already-strong bond helped them become one of modern-day cinema's finest couples. The music is bouncy and toe-tapping catchy, the cinematography is utterly stunning with gorgeous colours and impressive long takes, and the locations sum up the American dream and the passion the characters hold for Los Angeles. 'La La Land' is by far one of the finest cinema experiences I have had in the past 5-10 years, and although this isn't a film I would typically enjoy (genre-wise), Chazelle has instead crafted one of my favourite films of this decade. A film I would recommend everyone see in the cinema to truly witness the CinemaScope magic.
bad Carol Reed's The Third Man is set in post-war Vienna- a hypnotic city, which is in consideration of the mountains of rubble and general sorrow of the are- and stars Joseph Cotten as Holly, a writer of hokey B-Western novels who's come to visit an old chum named Harry Lime.  He finds out Lime is dead, but that there is more to his old friend than he knew since before the war, along with Lime's girl Anna (a sympathetic character?).  Then when the revelation is shown of Lime's face on a darkened street, the film reaches an elegance rarely seen today in pictures.  Orson Welles, who plays Harry Lime, has in fact a role much like a cameo, having a speech with Cotten on a Ferris Wheel.  Even before his "cuckoo clock" finale, we get the sense this is one of these classic scenes of all time, leading up to an unforgettable chase in a sewer.  Along with precise, Oscar Winning cinematography, and an ever-entrancing musical score, The Third Man is one of the essentials for movie buffs.  A++
bad I really enjoyed this action flick. it was a blend of the first Bourne movie and the (Ashley Judd) series Missing. The lead female character (Alice) is quite believable. and she's pretty I hope that there are sequels planned for the future!
bad Even better than "Shark Attack" and "Lamas In Trouble".When Snooki complains to her father about her boyfriend, he shouts: "Remember, it's all his fault!". Snooki's parents need to win some kind of Parent-of-the-Year award, because the way they reared their little duckling should make any other parent red with envy. So all you people out there, bring up your child so that it knows that it is ALWAYS right, no matter what it says/does/breaks. Never punish, admonish or correct; just let the little chipmunk run amok, and you can't go wrong. Total freedom as the wrong way to push your child in the proper direction? Wrong. Who wouldn't want to have a daughter with as little inhibition as a wild animal, while taking such pride in dressing up like a wasted middle-aged hooker? Rear your child as Snooki's parents have done, and it need not ever use a public toilet again: we underestimate the uses of street pavement. To be fair, there is the issue of genetics, too; Snooki was adopted. And yet this should by no means serve as a deterrent to future adopters. Traveling to a remote mountain-region in Chile where someone you'd never even met before hands you the child of an unknown set of parents - now that's true idealism for you. They didn't even care when told that she is the offspring of a pair of exiled village idiots. They took the tiny Indian girl with open arms and treated her like an exotic souvenir monkey for the next 25 years, indulging her every whim.JS consists of 4 guys who want to be black, and 4 women who want to be prostitutes. I don't mean "black" just because they are so obsessed with tanning, I'm referring also to the incessant YOs and BROs and "da hood" arm-flapping. JS is a unique sort of televised zoo in which all eight animals are (more-or-less) free to roam around the park. But, as all critters, their interests are essentially limited to sex and food. Tanning also, and laundry: our eight chimps need to smell nice just hours before they sweat it out on the dance-floor, fist-pumping ("air-hitting") to the rhythm of "music" which only lower species of primates can find inoffensive/enjoyable. The fact that LMFAO, the worst corporate product on the planet, was asked to "write" for the opening credits says it all. JS is much better than any "Real World" season because MTV found an even more primitive and decadent bunch of attention-seeking, fame-hungry exhibitionists than ever before. Guidos are ideal for this format because (like all animals) they ignore the cameras and aren't too self-conscious. In fact, they aren't conscious at all.As with the show's predecessor, Animal Planet's "Monkey World", the apes all look alike but have these wonderfully different personalities. A unique characteristic of the young females is that they - instead of emulating older females – impersonate the young males: they're violent, aggressive, go to the gym, burp/fart, and then drown in alcohol at night. Ironically, they never try to imitate the young males in their neatness or willingness to prepare food: the females party like animals and they live that way too. Stumbling over broken glass or an old pizza-slice on the floor is a way of life for the chimpus guidoae female.Unlike other mammals, the young Guidette is actually even more aggressive than its steroid-pumped male counterpart. The Guidette proudly displays her "femininity" (hence willingness to mate) by cursing, yelling, sticking out her "kuka" in public, getting into cat-fights, and "smooshing" with other females. However, the Guido is usually unimpressed with any of that and mates with the Guidette only when he can't capture a blond non-Guidette female. The snatching of the non-Guidette, a prized possession for the horny non-picky gorilla-juice-head, usually takes place in the primate's natural habitat: the nightclub. It's there that all the most ridiculous elements of guidotic existence unite: the crowded, smoky, smelly, noisy disco is what Guidos call "home". In this pointless jungle they are free to engage in their ritual mating dance without having to worry about looking utterly foolish.But the male impersonates the female, also; the Guido gets manicures, pedicures, plucks his eye-brows, utilizes an array of perfumes, visits hair-salons very often, and even roasts himself willingly in tanning rooms on an almost daily basis. In that sense he reveals his latent homosexuality. Perhaps this is why the guidus baboonus has a need to over-compensate i.e. prove his machismo - both to himself and others; this can best be observed, in its most extreme form, in the case of a sociopathic chimp called "The Situation". Mike's inferiority complex and continual failure to become the alpha male of the group leads him to a series of near-fights - when he provokes another male(s), but does so very carefully so as to avoid getting involved in an actual scuffle (which would end poorly for him).Sending these 8 entertaining mammals to Italy was right on the money. Merely to watch these "patriotic" Italo-Americans stumble around cluelessly in their "mamma-mia-land" – worth the price of admission alone. No tattooed apes with steroid muscles and very few girls spreading their legs for the first guy why winks at them; what a disappointment this must have been for them. Even more telling was that none of these "Italia!"-shirt-wearing clowns speak the language (apart from Vinnie, who is slightly smarter – or shall we say "less stupid" than the rest). Nevermind that their parents are mostly fluent Italian-speakers or that it's one of the most popular/easiest languages. On the other hand, Mike & co can barely speak English, so a "second" language would be simply asking too much.One complaint: when Angelina became unhappy with the quality of bananas, she left – to be replaced by Snooki's pal Deena, an orangutan juice-head disguised in a Robert Loggia costume. Why couldn't they have cast the beautiful Ryder instead?
bad My eyes glaze over when I watch this show. I watched the first episode which was trying to promote so many politically correct agendas that it was ridiculous. Alan Cumming deserves a better show. There is a female detective, a very young female commander, and a female mayor. Cumming is a married, gay professor/ex CIA operative who is consulted by the female police detective. I guess this show wants to make all males besides Cumming inept and dumber than rocks. The first turn off was the male coroner who said there were too many stab wounds on a dead victim to count. Not because there was so much overlapping of wounds - just because there were so many! That is ludicrous. Then the female detective and Cumming make him count them. I think there were 50 in the show. That hardly qualifies as uncountable. They always count stab wounds and bullet holes in real life. Hey, let's make all the male supporting roles stupid. Next stupid male - the first detective on the scene of a crime assumes the victim is dead - he didn't want to touch her. In my city that would be grounds to be fired. Not checking and because of that not calling an ambulance? By this time I knew the show wasn't for me. There are already a lot of sitcoms making straight males look clueless. I am a female. I did watch episode two. The storyline was awful. They seem to be rushing through the murder investigations so that they have time to crowd in all these side stories. At times when Cumming was rushing to conclusions, I cringed. One side story would be okay but they seem to want multiple side stories in each episode. The writing is juvenile. It can not compare to the so- called retreads mentioned by other reviewers. I dont think it is a retread of those shows at all. That's an insult to shows like Monk and Murder She Wrote ( among others). i'm finished with it. It's boring. If I want to see people who are skilled at profiling and solving murders, I'll stick to Criminal Minds. I know Cumming has many fans which may bring in an audience for a while. I don't think that's enough to carry this show.
bad ...and then it got to be repetitive and mundane - it was like watching a dog running in circle chasing its own tail for the next 4 episodes.I wanted to stop watching but at the same time I wanted to find out all the answers to the questions that were asked in the first 2 episodes.By the time the 6th and final episode ended, I was left with more questions than answers.Unless they plan to have a season 2 but considering how long it takes to get a second season on some of these so called TV Mini-Series: up to 2 years.By the time a season 2 is released, will anyone still care or remember?Not only this would probably had worked better in fewer episodes, but episode 6 just felt rushed especially the final 1/4 of it.It's as if the writers ran out of ideas or money or time and were told to just finish it.
bad I don't know why Morgan Freeman has such a passion for making movies with 'GOTCHA' endings that fall so completely flat and bloodless, but it feels like a recurring theme in his otherwise wonderful career - this movie, just like its predecessor, charges with great fun and energy towards an ending it would be almost impossible to care about, a finish that you would struggle to predict even if you ever wanted to. So many talented people in this film given absolutely no help in making themselves likable, this movie doesn't even have the clever, engaging 'was that magic or movie making' successes of the first film. It reminds me, actually, of the Ocean's 11 sequels - where everyone involved appears to be having a great time, except the audience, who is ignored or disdained at every turn. A bummer. Disappointed in myself for ignoring the lousy trailer, and daring this film not to waste my money.
bad I really really really wanted to like this movie, but it was so awful. I had never seen a trailer for this movie and assumed it would involve sex drugs and parties, that's spring break, I had NO idea it would turn into what it did. These four girls go to Florida after robbing a restaurant and after being arrested in Florida James Franco, in his most absolute horrible role, takes them under his wing. Selena Gomez decides to go home, so now we have 3 girls left. At one point they are dancing with assault riffles with pink ski masks? In the end two of the girls who apparently have incredible aim with guns shoot up an entire party and kill Gucci Mane. The ENTIRE movie James Franco is in the back noise saying "spring break y'all, spring break forever" the movie repeats lines constantly and there is no story like. If you honestly took out all the unnecessary use of girls with breasts out and ten minutes of a threesome, the movie wouldn't last more than 30 minutes. I have honestly never seen anything so god awful and I wonder why any of these actors took up this movie because I would be embarrassed. And what's worse is actual critics praise it for being different. It's not different, it's unkempt. It's messy and ridiculously unrealistic. It was a horrible movie and I hope to god there is never a sequel.
bad I had been waiting to see this with much anticipation and what a complete let down. I can honestly say I have not seen such an awful film for a long time. After watching San Andres Fault by mistake I was so hopeful that nothing could be quite as bad as that. I was wrong. I know it's a big blockbuster and made to leave the viewer in awe, but I just laughed at it. My partner and I sat and said what was going to happen next and it did. The plot was dire from the start and I was kind of hoping the film would end before it had even got half way through it. Why do they always have Brits in American films who sound like they are so posh? Totally not called for. The acting was OK and I like Dwayne Johnson, but this was beneath him. The most ridiculous film in years.
bad After the enormous flurry of attention Stephanie Meyer's literary series attracted (a unique hybrid of Romeo and Juliet style teenage angst and hormonal lust and supernatural horror), a cinematic adaptation seemed not only inevitable but almost expected, providing sultry visuals to the tale of starstruck lovers and proving the definitive date movie for months to come. However, the curse of mainstream literary adaptations proves inescapable, with excitement surrounding the release leading to the film being somewhat unreasonably over-hyped. And while Twilight is hardly a complete failure of a film by any standards, there remains the inescapable sense of its existence being geared to match up to a set standard rather than simply aiming to succeed as a film, making for the overall result being uniformly disappointing, whether for fans of the source material or those unfamiliar with the novels. Few Hollywood productions have the concern of appealing to both the demographics flocking to romances and supernatural action films, and as such, the impression is frequently given of Twilight biting off more than it can chew. This indecision between concentrating on the supernatural or romantic facets of the film leads to one of the more glaring flaws of the picture - the sense of neither being devoted enough focus to truly excel. While the climactic battle is gruesomely effective, for the most part, the film's special effects appear rushed, under-budgeted and just plain sloppy, coasting by on horrendously unconvincing slow motion to represent vampire super-speed and making moments which should have been filled with wonder and awe instead evoke unintentional laughs and groans. However, Meyer's revisionist take on vampire lore is intriguing, and the viewer wishes the film had delved into the technical aspects of immortal vampire lifestyles further - a sequence where protagonist Bella slowly begins to suspect the true identity of the mysterious boy she has found herself involved with is impressively eerie and chilling. Such moments are aided incalculably by the tremendous musical score of Carter Burwell, whose bold mix of brassy Gothic themes and eerie, chilling motifs perfectly compliments the intensity of the film. However, Twilight's main concern lies in its script, which boasts some particularly gruesome patches of dialogue apart from the general lack of characterisation one has sadly grown to expect from the teen romance genre. Similarly, despite director Catherine Hardwicke appearing to be the perfect candidate to helm such a film (with directorial debut Thirteen demonstrating a keen knowledge of the teenage girl mentality), her handling of the source material is unfortunately shaky.The film repeatedly falls prey to the "Harry Potter syndrome", feeling somewhat clunky in its almost robotic adherence to its source material, giving it the sense of jumping awkwardly from plot point to plot point and lacking the necessary cohesion and narrative flow. But most importantly, for a film revolving around its central romantic attraction and sexual tension, the audience is never really given the chance to FEEL the romance, to be drawn in by the mutual lust and entrapment of the two leads for one another. In an oddly rushed sequence, the budding romance between protagonists Bella and Edward is reduced to a couple of nonchalant sessions of hanging out, mostly demonstrated through montage, after which Bella's (largely unnecessary) narration declares her unequivocal love for Edward. This rather abrupt transition would toe the line of appearing satirical of teenage romance were it not for the fact that the viewer realises the moment is meant to be completely heartfelt. What was likely far more effective in literary form, with the chance to understand Bella's emotions and mental process making the romance far more credible does not translate into film. As such, with this crucial central romance lacking the necessary spark which made the novel such a success, Twilight, for all of its periodic cinematic potential, just feels somewhat unnecessary. The film's casting is perfectly passable, supplying a sufficient variety of up and coming pristine teenage beauties capable of essaying their character types, yet for a book which was driven by such genuine intensity and passion, one can't help thinking of all the performances as somewhat listless and flat. While Kristen Stewart makes a passable romantic lead as headstrong Bella, she lacks the necessary charismatic spark to truly make the viewer warm to her, making her teenaged-angst interludes harder to empathise with. Robert Pattinson does his best as teenage dreamboat vampire Edward, sharing strong chemistry with Stewart, even if his "sultry, moody glances" delve into the melodramatic to the point of verging on comical at times. The rest of the cast give rather bland but serviceable performances, the standouts being Cam Gigandet who is mercifully given the chance to gleefully chomp on scenery and generate sufficient menace as sadistic villainous vampire James and Ashley Greene who essays the ideal balance of being sweetly charming without being overly chirpy as Edward's kind-hearted sister Alice. However, despite his best efforts, Billy Burke is forced to wade through "stern but absent father" clichés to the point of being almost invisible as Bella's emotionally stunted parental figure, and Taylor Lautner fares little better as mysterious prospective love interest Jacob. While Twilight is hardly a failure on all fronts, with a sporatic peppering of effective moments, the word which most ably describes the film as a whole is 'passable', lacking the necessary intensity or impact to truly hit home. It is easy to envision the adaptation being far more satisfying if done as a smaller, independent production outside the shadow of Hollywood, one which would not shy away from capturing the true passion and intensity of the central relationship without baulking at the prospect of a simmering yet sexless teenage relationship. As is, Hardwicke's film is content to succumb to cliché and sloppy, complacent storytelling, making it far too 'bloodless' to truly satisfy. -4/10
bad Well,I had mixed feelings about the first NYSM.It had its fair share of thrills and flaws.But the movie left space open for a sequel,and here it is.This time,Walter Mabry,a tech magnate,recruits the Horsemen into pulling of their most impossible heist yet.Daniel Radcliffe does justice to his role of the above mentioned tech magnate.The entire cast returns,excluding Isla Fisher,who is replaced by Lizzy Caplan.She is good enough to replace Fisher.Just like the predecessor,the movie's ending contains a lot of explanations as to how they did what they were told to do.This movie has a lot of thrills and some questions are yet again left unanswered,but this time it is forgivable.It does have you guessing a lot,and the characters are likable.The ending does seem a bit implausible,and that us one of the biggest flaws in the film.Overall a decent thriller with a nice cast.I liked it better than the first one,and hopefully the next sequel coming toward us will improve on this one.
bad This film is similar to the fault in our stars in many ways, it doesn't involve cancer but it does involve one teen suffering from a disease. Madeline (Amandla Stenberg) is an 18 year old girl who lives with her doctor mother in California, her father and brother died in a car accident years ago. And Olly (Nick Robinson) is an 18 year old boy who's just moved in next door to Madeline and her mother. Madeline has SCID, a disease where you're blood cells can't fight off simple bacteria, so she is forced to always stay inside the house because she could die if she doesn't. Madeline and Olly form a bond/connection through texting and holding up messages against the windows, they get to know one another and eventually begin to have romantic feelings towards one another. The chemistry between Nick Robinson and Amandla Stenberg was great, I really loved how they connected on screen and I bought their feelings for each other. The performances were very good from all cast members, Anika Noni Rose included. I thought Rose's performance was very commendable. The plot can be pretty predictable at times, but what made the movie work for me was the two leads performances and their romantic chemistry. That's what makes the movie worth seeing. 7/10, I do suggest everything everything.
bad The title says it. Here goes: Prior to release the critiques are overwhelmingly positive and make out the sequel to be the second coming! It turns out there is either payola going on or the studio has photos of some people.The day before and on the day of release IMDb fills up with perfect 'viewer' reviews of said film propelling the sequel to IMDb 250 list. All these, er, reviewers believe this film is perfection with not even a speck of imperfection. 10/10 i.e. nothing at all could be in any way better! The sequel was in actuality unrequested and unwanted.The sequel sets itself up for even more sequels with unresolved or cliff hanger plots.I do have to confess that I found the actresses in 2049 sexy and worth fantasizing about. Those were the real tens here and so I cannot give BR2049 a mere 1, which is something TFA deserves. Obviously Ridley and Villeneuve are better crew than JJ Abrams and whoever Disney hires, but it has to be said that BR2049 was a disappointment and I wish it were not made. The bar was set so high to begin with.
bad Some friends invited me for a horror mystery thriller movie, so all fine by me.But then, the film started.... This was no horror film. Most of the movie felt like American Pie having the naked scenes replaced with some serial killer slaying again and again the same person without any obvious reason(or any reason whatsoever as I realized in the end).Anyway, the actors were not memorable. Their acting skills were okay. I guess they would seem as something more to a teenager and this is why I am amazed by the number of good reviews this film got. The plot moves along in a totally predictable manner. We see repeatedly the same day of a rich sorority girl waking up in the room of some guy who was kind enough to pick up her pieces after she got wasted the night before. Then she goes on her day and gets killed in slightly different manner every night. Then wakes up at the guys dorm again and everything starts happening again until she finally realizes that she is trapped in a triangle-like situation. The theme is one we know all too well,so nothing much to expect there(so much for the thriller and mystery). The protagonist tries to explore some ways of solving the "mystery" but drops them all really fast so we see pretty much more of the same with tiny variations,while she tries to act all scared and panicked. Each morning finds her more screamy than the one before and the in- the-mean-time- reactions make things a bit funny or cringy. Certainly not scary or thrilling.The main problem with this movie is that it tries to pass itself as some horror,mystery film while it's a comedy- crime/light mystery, if it has to be called something. It's a total joke of a horror movie. And it would be amusing if it was advertised as such. You cringe,you laugh but you certainly don't feel any threat at any point. And that's understandable since you have little time to learn anything about any of the characters. What do we know? She dates and sleeps around,not surprising for a sorority girl. She gets scared when they try to kill her, but that's a normal reaction for any human being. After reliving the same thing over and over she decides to stop repeating her actions and explore other possibilities, so nothing really interesting here either.In the end we had a movie with much more laughter than the amount justified for a horror film,no plot,not a deep mystery,in contrast to what we expected and no interesting characters. But we still managed to have some fun with this thrash dialogue film. Not really worth seeing.
bad 7 Days in Entebbe was presented at the 68th Berlin International Film Festival by director José Padilha and gave of an unpleasant impression. The film is based on real events of the hijacking of a passenger plane in 1976. The main character are the German hijackers portrayed by Daniel Brühl and Rosamund Pike. It is obvious that the director tried to evoke sympathy of the viewers towards the terrorists and to somehow explain their actions.Daniel Brühl with his kind smile and positive charisma seemed out of place in the film. At the press conference Daniel said that it was important for him that his protagonist did not kill the passengers. However the fact that man did not kill the hostages does not alleviate the criminality of his deed. The terrorists hijacked the plane and only by miracle the airplane did not suffer a catastrophe which would have killed all the passengers aboard. These actions of the terrorists are the gravest crime which cannot be justified in any way. Any attempt to explain and to humanize the criminals are in my point of view are disgusting. The director tried to compare the actions of the Israeli army and the actions of terrorists. However terrorism concerning peaceful citizens, as with the hijacking, no matter which country is involved, is not justifiable.The film is made in an ordinary, pseudo-documentary fashion, with some shaky-cam footage. However that such charismatic actors such as Daniel Brühl and Rosamund Pike played the terrorists made the film unbelievable and stupid. The dance sequences were non-organically integrated into the film.At the press-conference the director said that he did not want to depicted the terrorists as zombies, he wanted to show their humanity. Nevertheless, it is a dangerous statement - many terrorists are in fact zombified, they are brainwashed and make horrible deeds against innocent people, under the influence of completely absurd ideas. With this they do lose their humanity, and there is nothing wrong in depicting them as brainwashed.In modern times terrorism only continues to become more widespread, and in this situation any hint of compassion towards those who kill innocent people or hijack planes is a moral crime. The best response to 7 Days in Entebbe would be to ignore it completely, since it also does not have any artistic value.
bad "Have you noticed anything out of the ordinary? There's a letter carved into her chest. A game of Hangman. "Mix the game show "Wheel of fortune" with a "Se7en" -ish thriller and you get a movie like "Hangman". A film in which two detectives, Ruiney (Karl "Dredd" Urban) and Archer (Al Pacino), are chasing a ruthless serial killer. The victims are related to each other in a thoughtful way. Fortunately, there's also this journalist Christi (Brittany "Bushwick" Snow) who provides the two seasoned detectives with ingenious clues at the right time. Probably that's why she's nominated for the Pulitzer prize. The crazy game the killer plays, is the famous "Hangman" game. And although Archer, as a retired detective, kills (no pun intended) his time while solving crossword puzzles in Latin, the solution of the puzzle doesn't seem to be so self-evident."Hangman" isn't such a bad movie per se. To be honest, they succeeded in making it pretty exciting at certain times. But just like the game "Hangman", its course is rather too linear and too obvious. The way some clues are found, is sometimes quite ridiculous. If all investigators were as inventive as this duo, solving murder cases would be a piece of cake. The most annoying thing in this film was the interference of the crime journalist Christi who, as a would-be authority in the field of murder cases, asked the right questions at the right time and interpreted clues in a perceptive way. The picture with the body of detective Ruiney's wife contained such an obvious clue. It's almost incomprehensible that these experienced detectives never noticed it. But no problem for our brilliant journalist. One look of her at the picture in question and she already knew what the others had overlooked.Even though Al Pacino isn't written off as an actor yet and in my opinion he can still bring the quality of a feature film to a higher level thanks to his brilliant acting, his contribution here is somewhat a disappointment. "Manglehorn" is a perfect example of a film where Pacino demonstrated his class and professionalism as an actor. Even though this film is content-wise nothing to write home about, this class actor made it a fascinating spectacle. My conclusion was very simple. The film in question wasn't necessary to prove that Pacino is an exquisite actor. This conclusion also applies to "Hangman". The recruitment of sounding names guarantees the required media attention. But I'm not sure if this movie deserves that.Without Al Pacino, Karl Urban and Brittany Snow, this film would be nothing more than a typical Saturday night movie about a serial killer who's fond of word games. The film will easily overshadow other crappy weekend films and certainly guarantees a pleasant evening in front of the tube. On the one hand it is recommended for lovers of the serial killer genre. On the other hand, the result is rather dull and uninspiring. Certainly not something to get excited about. And Al Pacino can't fix it either.More reviews here : http://movie-freak.be
bad Absolutely nothing accurate, mythical or historical about it. Complete mockery of the original material, the national saga of Greece. Atrocious acting and script.
bad SPOILERS ALERT: The biggest difference between 1982 masterpiece and this one is that in the first film everything is happening at a normal speed. In original movie people talk like they talk in real life, their move at perfectly normal, every day, common speed, it doesn't take them forever to finish the sentence, or to shape out a thought, and yet... somehow it all works perfectly together.There's no way to know how will people (let alone robots) act or talk in thirty plus years, but if it is to be anything like in BR2049, I suspect it will be a pretty bleak and exhausting world.From the moment one, everybody talks, walks, plays, runs in some super-strange slow-mo: I'd say at 50% of the normal speed. It takes 10 seconds for poor Ryan Gosling only to take out something from his pocket. Not to say how long it takes him to walk through the scene - so much that half way through, let's say, the orphanage part, I have already forgotten what is he doing there in the first place.20 minutes into the movie, all I'm doing is wondering when this shot is going to end, when this scene is going to end, when the sequence will, and, ultimately, when the movie is going to end. This is not the way to pay a homage, to anybody or anything.There is a reason why the shots in "2001 Odyssey..." are that long, somebody should've warned the director about that. And there's also a reason why all shots in the original BR are that tight. And that's just one of the reasons to why both 2001 and BR are masterpieces. And for that same reason, BR2049 could that never be.You don't drag out every single aspect of the movie just to make it seem serious or pretend to be an artist, no. If you do, you get very expensive, anemic boredom. I have no idea why the director did it - he hasn't done it in that fairly fair movie with Hugh Jackman. What possessed him to do it here? Was it the importance of the first movie? Was it his fear to look like a schoolboy in front of the Master? Don't know, don't care.What a waste of great actors, class all - forcing them to engage in some sort of quasi elevated, quasi profound, but genuinely bizarre ballet that has nothing, nothing, nothing to do with the real life. The movie is three hours plus long only for the given reason - it would have been an hour shorter if had played out at normal pace.Oh - and to end here - the biggest dread of all: a hint of a possible franchise. Please, please, please people, for the love of all that's holly. Don't.
bad Most people give this movie a 10 out of 10 because they don't consider the movie but rather how happy they were to discover it as a child but now, in 2005, it has become obviously outdated, the script is quite bad and the acting is even worse. Harrisson Ford obviously should have worked his acting better, which he happily did since that movie. I am sorry I cannot just keep on lying about this movie: this is for your kids but in now way should it be put among masterpieces. IMDb is a web site about movies, not about cult and self-proclaimed nerds or geeks. You have to determine how good is a movie according to artistical criteria, neither to your gregarious instinct nor to your "attitude".
bad I can see where they tried to make it similar, but different. However, I have not seen a movie this bad since the 3rd Spiderman Movie and Avatar The Last Air Bender live action that no one speaks of. Now I can't say its the worst cause I have seen worse, but its not worth the time to even watch it let alone pay to see in any theater. If you want something that is power rangers and okay, watch the original. The only things honestly good about the movie were their progressive inclusion of a LGBT and a young man on the Autistic spectrum. Thing is having these things does not make a movie good and though they are trying to keep their characters and ideas up today with changing culture. The movie concept was outdated to say the least and has been way overdone not just by every single series of the power rangers, but also every hero/action movie made since the 1990s. Stay at home, don't waist your money. Go watch Beauty and the Beast if anything.
bad So you have a story that has fascinated and inspired people for three thousand years and a mythology that does so for even longer, basically everything you need to entertain even a contemporary audience ist there. War, heroes, women, trust, betrayal, wit, intrigue, politics, blood, gore, love, sex, good, evil, homosexuality, strong characters of both sexes, weak characters of both sexes, gods by the dozen, cliffhangers, horrible deaths, tragic deaths, unexpected deaths, rape, murder, bravery, cowardice - you name it it has it, except stardestroyers. Yet there seems to be an iron law that, obviously under the threat of eternal tantalic torture, prohibits directors and writers alike from just telling this mother of all stories. They HAVE to fuck it up. Why? It is certainly not because it has already been done, because to my knowledge nobody has ever done it. It totally baffles me. Nobody ever just took the Ilias and put it on the screen. Is there a certain code, like not mentioning the name of a certain scottish king?And then there's history -yeah booooring. If you're doing something about the celts, knock yourselves out, invent whatever you like because we basically don't know shit about them, but the greeks? Asides from Egypt, they are the best known culture of this era on the planet. It is so well researched and documented, you don't even need to pay a specialist, you would just have to watch some youtube videos (made by the BBC!). Again WHY??And the mythology, oh boy, the mythology. The greek mythology is without a shadow of a doubt the absolutely ultimate soap opera. As the Ilias, it has everything you need and has it in abundance. Why fiddle around with it? Its like a remake of Dallas but with J.R. Ewing as a depressed, female Teenager...another why?So you have perfect material, for at least 10 Seasons (one year each) perfect historical references and, of that i'm absolutely certain, a potential audience who really would greatly apprechiate to watch Homers powerful and fantastic epos without "artistic" cheapery......and yet, this. Again.I also don't get the approach of those in charge. Is ist something you need on your CV, having gangraped the most classic piece of literature? And even if, has it got to be that bad, that uninspired, wooden, boring and cheap? Were there T-shirts on the set saying "Make it worse!!"I'm, well obviously not lost for words, but still astonished - How can such a thing happen? What is wrong with you people?And as for Spoilers: Well, can we actually be certain that Achilles dies, that Helen doesn't turn out to be an evil sorceress, that Ulysses Horse will not be a Dolphin? Who knows? Who cares.
bad Netflix has been going all-in on original content over the last few years, but until recently that was primarily through long-form narrative shows (one story told over multiple episodes) and disposable Adam Sandler movies. The last six months has seen the streaming service giant make a big push into A-grade feature length work (Mudbound, Bright, Cloverfield Paradox, to name just a few), and this sprawling sci-fi is arguably their most intriguing prospect yet. With ambitious auteur Duncan Jones given free rein on what he has expressed as his passion project, having concocted the story with childhood friend and co-writer Michael Robert Johnson, there's zero chance of it being dull. And dull it most definitely isn't, the propulsive story-a man scours the grimy underbelly of a futuristic Berlin when his girlfriend goes missing-keeps the viewer on their toes whilst the gorgeous realisation of a Blade Runner-esque tech-future is a pure feast for thine eyes. But here's the catch: with a reluctance to explain almost anything about this world, or provide character motivation for anyone other than Alexander Skarsgård's silent bartender Leo, the plot can be complicated to the point of pretentious. There are a lot of little flourishes and subtle touches that colour this universe, although they would have meant so much more if the overall context was clearer. As it stands these unexplained moments become increasingly frustrating, threatening to derail the whole movie. His acting skills well and truly put to the test, Skarsgård is likable enough as the gentle giant on a mission; however, Paul Rudd is horribly miscast as a scumbag AWOL soldier, his persistent mean-spirited goading of others regularly veering into pantomime. There is clearly a lot of passion and ambition on display with Mute, but while for some it will be evocative and demanding, for others it will simply be pompous and impenetrable. For me it's somewhere in the middle with the scales tipping ever so slightly towards the latter.
bad I swear this movie was written by a 14 year old. The depictions of science, adults, money, cars, explosions, technology, parenting, office buildings, law enforcement, progression of seasons, gravity, global warming, and magnets are obviously from the viewpoint of someone with no experience with any of the above topics. If Capri Sun produced Interstellar, it might look like this.
bad Why on earth they had to make this movie so vile. The amount of foul language. After 10 minutes we turned it off. Nothing like the original series. Utter rubbish and very, very POOR script. Some series are just best left alone, and Chips is one of them, if they cannot get the actors, or get a good script. I could think of two better actors to play the parts, and made it a 12A without all that foul language Attention all units, Chips won't be returning in a minute!
bad I went to see Black Panther along with my friends, and following the hype train we were excited to see it. However, following the showing we were all dissapointed by a mess of a movie with little plot and little thought which only served as a pit stop for infinity war.The critics have vastly overrated this movie due to its groundbreaking cast, but the movie itself is not at all groundbreaking. Littered with all the boring Marvel clichés I have come to know and hate, such as their inability to kill off any hero's to add gravitas to their story, or the one dimensional villain who only exists for one movie so you know they will kill him off before the next, Black panther is also plagued by new problems no one but me seemed to notice. For example, the CGI was awful in the action scenes: whenever someone was even prodded, they would go flying across the screen in the most outlandish fashion, and the plot was torn straight out of the Lion King, as well as having the biggest waste of Martin Freeman since those Vodafone adverts.Overall, I believe my dissapointment for this movie is fuelled by the marvel cinematic universe, as I feel sick of the movies they are pumping out like an industrial machine, as they all feel the same with little originality. I can only hope the bubble will burst sometime soon, and bring back true standalone movies which don't need a cinematic universe.
bad How is this crap at 5.9? one of the worst movies that I have ever seen.Now before you say that I have no sense of humor, I will say that I'm a big fan of some of Adam Sandler, Kevin James, and Chris Rock. David Spade and Rob Schnider? Not so much. I loved The Waterboy, Hitch, Madagascar, Funny People, Dogma, Good Hair, The King of queens, Spanglish, Punch drunk love, happy gilmore etc.So I do like these actors. That's why I was so disappointed. This films a mess. No plot. No characters. The jokes are dull as hell. The humor is so lowbrow. The script is so flat. The actors do their best with what they're given, but it's not enough.and to make things worse, the film is just boring. From the very beginning, I was checking the time. I maybe chuckled twice. That's not enough. These guys probably had a lot of fun making this movie and they probably thought that they were being really funny, but I just didn't feel the same way. I was bored, irritated, and disappointed.
bad 153 mins. Why?The opening sequence is joyful. I got a laugh when black dad couldn't play the trumpet, and the kids were happy. Then the disturbing disappearance.It's intense, it's elaborate. But it's just an extended episode of a cop show - and there's loads of unrealistic scenes where the cop investigates on his own. That's denial of pension rights there.One great thing is the performance of aunt Holly, but the director cut it short. What about a chase scene where a lithe granny outshoots a dull detective? Never seen that before.And one great irony was the torture of the child-man by the desperate parents - how could they ignore this in the end of the story? Nuts.I've read great stuff about this director, but it felt ordinary (except for the snake thing - like the spider in Enemy?).
bad Sherlock Gnomes is a masterpiece! Not only is it the best and funniest film ever made, but it is also the sexiest film to ever exist! That is entirely due to Mankini and his sexy dance that lasts about 15 minutes and made me love this gem even more! It even inspired me to buy a mankini of my own, but I will never be able to perform a dance nearly as sexy as Mankini's since I am merely a human mortal and not a God, like Mankini. If you love subtle, quality humor and genius filmmaking at its finest, this is the perfect movie for you! Ignore Isle of Dogs and take your kids to this masterpiece of cinema! This is, undoubtedly, the greatest film ever made!
bad I went to an advance screening of 2012 a few nights ago and I have to admit that this movie was entertaining at best and that's it. The whole movie is almost entirely comprised of special effects. Of course you'll see all of the lead characters survive scenarios that a regular human being would not. Some of the scenes are so ridiculously unbelievable that you want to laugh at the fodder that's being expected of you to believe. Emmerich certainly pushes "suspension of disbelief" to its limit.John Cusack and Woody Harrelson are the only actors that attempt to hold the film together, while Danny Glover and Thandie Newton were an utter and complete let-down considering their previous work history. You won't see any remotely Oscar-worthy performances here. The casting of this film seemed off and poorly executed. You could tell the bulk of the financial budget went to the special effects and not the actors.The thing that I found thoroughly disappointing about 2012 is that it's almost entirely lacking of any interesting backstory or intellectual substance whatsoever. There's very little mention of the Mayan calendar, Mayan history, or any of the prophetic wisdom that has foreseen the supposed end of days. The fear, analysis, curiosity, and everything else you've ever wondered about this new mysterious year that is quickly approaching is almost entirely removed from this film. That would have and could have made this film closer to a 10 if I didn't feel like my brain was utterly wasted on this CGI and special effects bonanza. They try to cram so many explosions, eruptions, earthquakes, and natural disasters into two hours that I might be a little desensitized to the real thing if it ever happens. After awhile nothing felt realistic or interesting about it at all.It's novelty entertainment at best and that's it. You won't wince at how painfully awful this movie is, and you won't walk away knowing anything meaningful about 2012, but hopefully you'll help repay Sony pictures for the exorbitant amount of money that they and Roland Emmerich spent on their special effects budget. Don't say you weren't warned.
bad Well if I was Anna Kendrick I would fire my agent.... preferably out of a cannon.I really think this film was greenlit solely on an idea and without a script which was made up as the film went along.Mike (Adam Devine) and his younger brother Dave (Zac Efron) are always causing chaos and embarrass their parents. So they are asked by their parents to bring dates for their sister's wedding in Hawaii which means they will behave themselves. I have no idea why the parents never thought that they might bring two chaotic idiots.This is exactly what happens. After an internet search they meet Tatiana (Audrey Plaza) and Alice (Anna Kendrick) who are two wild party girls who pretend to be respectable and responsible in order to be their wedding dates in Hawaii where they plan to cut loose.The film is just badly structured, it wants to be a bad taste, high jinks film like Neighbours or The Hangover but the script is poor, even boring with a few key set pieces such as the quad bike scene but the actors have to resort to silliness just to pad out the film. There are a few laughs to be had but the film is dreadful, interminable, inconsistent in pace and tone. At least the actors got a trip in Hawaii out of it.
bad the first movie was good, i love it in fact. All the tricks were kinda impossible, but at least its all make sense after they showed us how they did it and added with an interesting plot twist at the end. Now you see me 2, however, went to the next level of bull tricks and meaningless story line with "crunchy" jokes. It was boring and confusing. I wasted 2 hours for nothing. I used to think that the characters in the first movie were good and well tough out - they were good as a team and fun to be watched. Now, they are just annoying and try soooo hard to look cool with their crappy dialogue and outrageous tricks. Its a movie about magicians right? Not witches nor wizards. I mean, can they really throwing cards from one to another without anyone noticing? Can a card slide through your body that easily?To summarise, the movie is bad in everything (story line, acting, dialogue) Don't even bother to watch it.
bad Ninety percent of this film was set in the 3 main characters backgrounds. From meeting in primary school through to entry into the defence forces. The other 10 percent was the actual terror attack, which lasted less than a minute. Of the 3 "heroes" only one was portrayed as a true action taker. The other 2 hid under the seats only to get involved after the terrorist was disarmed and taken down. The use of the actual real life heroes playing themselves intrigued me and that is why I saw the movie. However, the acting was very wooden and a bit cringey at times.I did not enjoy this movie. I kept checking my watch to see when itvwas ending.
bad Terribad B movie. I'd love to say that it was good like Buried (2010) with Ryan Reynolds, but it was awful. Daniel Radcliffe is basically in a cockpit for almost the entire duration of the film. The acting is subpar, the plot is dumb, and I wasted 89 minutes of my life watching it.
bad I had forgotten about how hilarious this film was, even though I had seen it as a teenager many times. Since Marshall Brickman wrote the script, it is brilliant; like the part where Diane Keaton orders a pastrami on white bread with mayonnaise, in a NY deli.Woody Allen's expressions and character studies are priceless, and at this point he was at the top of his game. Some of his films now are redundant "The Curse of the Jade Scorpion" seemed too contrived. But this film was a realistic comedy between him and Keaton, their analysis (no New Yorker in the 70's should be without an analyst!), and their eventual break-up when she relocates to L.A.Paul Simon and Jeff Goldblum portray other L.A. characters, and there is a bit part with Christopher Walken as Keaton's suicidal brother (excellent). Rent this film again if you haven't seen it in awhile; some scenes are classic, and one of the best is Christmas in L.A. as Tony Roberts drives Allen through Beverly Hills: Keaton: "Wow. It's so clean out here" Allen: "Yeah that's because they never throw out their garbage they just put it on TV".Great...Woody Allen we need your humor again, please write something decent for American audiences with a brain.
bad I must say that going into seeing Blade: Trinity I was not expecting a masterpiece, I merely wanted to be entertained by this movie. With that said, it did a pretty decent job. People can criticize this film with having a thin plot, being corny at points, heck I know I will, but I don't think the makers were going for a great plot, and great acting, more along the lines of action/comedy and lots of fighting/explosions.The plot is this: a group of vampires bring back Dracula to help combat Blade, while they also get Blade to the top of the FBI's most wanted, now Blade needs help of his own, this comes from a group of new young vampire stalkers. These are not spoilers by the way, everything I say is included in the trailers. I must say that many times I was saying in this film "yeah right", but most of the time I was having a ball. I will say that one thing I found is that Blade: Trinity was less "dark" than the other two Blade movies, it just had a lighter feel to it. More comedy involved than before, which was nice because it was indeed funny, but I liked the atmosphere set by the other films that this one did not take.The newest additions, Ryan Renolds and Jessica Beil, do their jobs pretty well. I must say that Renolds had me laughing almost any time he was on screen. Beil was very nice to look at, she is just incredibly beautiful, and she does well considering the lines she is given. Paul Levesque, better known as Triple H makes a decent debut, I guess. He had some funny parts, but really I can't see how his job was that hard considering his role was to beat people up, and that's what he gets paid to do for the WWE so it's not a real stretch. Well overall the supporting cast did a good job and kept me entertained.On to the meat and potatoes of this movie, the fights. Much of the work was very well done in this film, Snipes is his usual acrobatic self and disposes of vampires in interesting ways while showing off his martial arts skills. Here is a part I didn't like, the fighting involving Ryan Renolds, at times he tries to be like Snipes, and it just doesn't work. I always say, if the actor doesn't know martial arts, don't make him try to pretend, it's just not the same. Beil did some nice fight scenes to. Triple H, well his fights were good, but I see it too much in the ring to really enjoy it, the whole time I was thinking in my head, "now when's he going to break out a pedigree ?", well that moment never came. The gun fights were really well done, and I thoroughly enjoyed them. Overall Blade: Trinity had awesome fight scenes.So that pretty much sums up my feelings of this film. It was a fun movie to watch just for the action, and comedy of Renolds, but not much else (did I mention Jessica Beil was very beautiful). I will say that out of the three Blade movies, this is my least favorite, but I still like it and recommend it to anybody looking for a good action movie, die-hard fans of the series will probably be conflicted with it. My rating is 8/10.
bad I'll start by saying I'm an adult who enjoys a few Disney shows because they are more entertaining than pretty much anything else on TV. I came here to look up some info on the show, and see all of these negative reviews, some of which seem to forget this is Disney, know what the target audience is, or don't even have facts about the characters straight, and I feel like I need to add my voice as someone who enjoys the show for what it is, and doesn't expect it to be more than that. "Jessie" isn't the best show on Disney, but it's far from the worst. I have some news that I think will shock some reviewers, but Disney shows don't deal in reality. "Jessie" isn't a documentary about nannies in NYC. It's also not supposed to take the place of parenting; i.e., if your complaint is what kind of role models the characters are, that's because they aren't role models, they are silly TV characters. I also watch a show about a talking dog that has a blog, it doesn't make me think my cats are losers because getting on the computer to them means laying on the keyboard.In fact, once I get to thinking about it, the whole plot of the show is that a young Texan girl just out of high school moves to NYC to follow her dreams of being an actress, but like most aspiring actors, she has to take a non-acting job until she makes it, so she got a job as the nanny for a bunch of spoiled rich kids. That is what the show is about. If that isn't your idea of funny, don't watch it.If you are looking for role models, Disney isn't doing them right now, they are doing silly, flawed characters. Look what happened with Hannah Montana - supposedly a role model, Miley Cyrus became inseparable from the character, and when Miley grew up and cast off her Disney persona, people wondered what happened. Disney is probably trying to avoid that ever happening again by making their characters overtly silly, also doing commercials where the actors say their real names. But, getting back to my point, the entire plot of this show is that these are spoiled rich kids. Even Jessie isn't a role model. Some of the characters don't make sense, like Zuri – again, with Disney you have to suspend disbelief. I thought people knew that about Disney?"Jessie" is about as silly as a TV show that's not a cartoon or puppet show can get, it's not intended to be intelligent humor. It mocks the ultra-rich and this new adopt-a-menagerie of kids pursuit, and also the idea that the nanny sees the kids grow up, and knows more about them, than the parents. The target audience isn't too young, it has to be about 12-16, or thereabouts, because even Zuri acts more like an adolescent than a child. Despite being a self-absorbed rich kid raised in a very sheltered, privileged, and indulgent lifestyle, Emma is surprisingly likable. Other than the typical Disney-kid hijinks, there seems to be honest affection, not just among the kids, but with Jessie and even Bertram. In that respect, the show demonstrates cooperation and making the best of a situation you didn't create, you were just thrust into. A little bit of sibling rivalry is present as important to the plots, but as in any Disney family, it would never threaten their relationships with each other. As the series progresses, the characters seem to become more like their own little family, the usually-absent Ross parents being left out and replaced by the butler and the nanny.Someone made a comment about the "romances" and seems to think this is new to tween or teen TV shows. It's not. When I was a little girl in the '70s, romantic relations were just as popular a topic as they are today. Crushes and adolescent dating were on our minds, we just didn't have 5 channels of TV devoted to us (we didn't have 5 channels of TV, period). If there weren't TV shows devoted to it, we had to read it in books and magazines, and many stories I read that I remember now were very similar to "Jessie."Debby Ryan is adorable. I think she's great for this role. In fact, I think Disney's hitting it out of the park with casting their TV shows lately. I would love to see her in more work outside of Disney, especially featuring her musical talent. Cameron Boyce has great dancing talent, not just the break dancing he displays on the show but also in the PSA where he does some Broadway moves - I could see him do theater. In fact, he seems to be the most versatile actor of this ensemble other than Ryan.I will never understand this idea of bashing a show when no one is forcing you to watch it. If you don't like "Jessie," that's your prerogative, but don't expect it to be things it's not: it's not reality, it's not preachy, it is Disney and it's just silly entertainment. Well, at least some of us like to watch the TV and laugh at silliness that makes no statement other than sit back and enjoy the crazy. I just wish there were more new episodes than one per month, that seems to be a Disney thing right now. I still watch the same episodes over and over. At least until my cats get their own Instagram accounts and Tyler teaches them to take selfies.
bad Direct to DVD? Sure whatever, it's still terrible by that standard.Terrible acting - Terrible dialogue (seriously terrible) - Mediocre effects - Mediocre story - Mediocre characters (Tho stereotypical bad guy is so nonsensical he's almost hilarious)Feels like a bad pilot episode. If you want to watch it for some cringe laughs, be prepare to be bored for 90mins before a half-assed ending.
bad Seriously, what were they thinking? "Hey, let's have Megan Fox play up her no-talent-just-a-pretty-face card as a killer she-demon and throw in trendsbian (girls who claim to be "bisexual" so pathetic dudes can go "Cool!" and make them feel special) scenes because suckers will go see it!" Oh boy, what is this world coming to? Megan Fox will age, guys, just like all the rest of them. Hopefully she'll cope will it in a decent manner and not do anything, "stupid", I'll just say!This film was boring, obnoxious, and "just another" idiotic teen horror romp with a hip lesbian angle to try to rope in its audience. You would be better off watching water freeze or grass grow to try and have a good time. Or wait for "Transformers 3" if you really are into seeing some hot girl you know you don't have enough money for galavanting on a giant screen!
bad Amy is not funny. Her vagina jokes and profane humor is not endearing. She leaves nothing to the imagination. She can be funny but she was not in this and seemed to over act. Poor Goldie had to come out of retirement for this mess. There were some funny parts in the movie but none came from Amy. This movie could have had some real potential, but the writing was poor. They wasted a lot on unneeded vulgarity which they thought was funny. Don't waste your time with mess.
bad This movie is a complete waste of time. I feel like unfortunately Matt Damon is now just trying to make money no matter how awful the script is. His last two movies (Suburbicon and now this, Downsizing) have been awful.I watched this movie for free and I still want my money back. It was extremely long, boring, no storyline, no plot. After the first 30 minutes, everything seems 'normal sized' like in any other movie because you are just in the downsized world so everything seems 'normal'. There is no contrast between the real world and the downsized world because they completely stopped showing the real world.I don't know what the point of this movie was. The premise was clever but the execution just wasn't there. Seems like they got a good idea and forgot to write a story.Some things to think about:If in the real world, your $1 can be $10,000 times, then why are there still 'projects' and extreme poverty stricken people in the downsized world? How did they get $15,000 regular money to get the procedure done only to become downsized and remain in their awful conditions? And if they had even $100 saved up, that would be equivalent to 1 million dollars so why exactly are they so poor?
bad Take a cheezy D-list sports movie script complete with the cliché bullying, demeaning coach with the tormented, misunderstood athlete (reality: narcissistic, self-righteous, arrogant, spoiled and immature child who needs to grow up) -- replace these 2 characters with a jazz music "teacher" and a drum student at an "elite" music academy. Neither character has ANY redeeming qualities - if the writers thought they were creating complex, intricate characters they failed miserably. The ending only shows how pathetic both truly are. I assume the writers (and anyone giving this film a positive review) felt they reached some great epiphany at the conclusion - they didn't. Only a tired out re-tread storyline completely out of proper context. A jazz drum student and music "teacher" are not soldiers in boot camp and learning to play drums is not a physically demanding, super- human endeavor as this film tries to lead you to believe.In reality the "teacher" is a glorified conductor who thinks he's something special but does nothing but destroy his students desire and passion. He is also an admitted complete failure at his misguided goal of creating another Charlie Parker. The "student" is equally self-absorbed and rude excuse for a human being. Only thing positive is he seems to be a pretty decent jazz drummer - but that's it. Character has absolutely ZERO going for him other than that. Other than that he's completely disrespectful and dismissive of everything and everyone else.This film (along with Birdman) sums up how pretentious Hollywood is and the excrement they promote at awards shows to convince themselves they have some higher "intellect" or "artistic genius." No one will remember Whiplash or Birdman other than as an embarrassing side note in Oscar history (remember Shakespeare in Love, didn't think so - Google it).
bad OK so you've watched the movie and saw that its terrible and wanted to see what other people think or you're reading reviews before you watch it and you find people giving it 10 stars for the saw called amazing "cinematography" well its not only you who hated this movie i hate it too as well as many others this movie is completely dull and boring !!! I wasted 2 hours of my life, i read reviews before i watched it and saw that some people hated it, i slept when i came to watch it the first time so i said maybe i was tired that day but i gotta admit i slept really good while the movie was still running. Next day i thought that i maybe should watch it again but it was still boring i mean how more pathetic can a movie be !! This movie should never be on the top !! It should be on top of the IMDb's Bottom 100 list !! I regret watching this movie, if you haven't watched it yet i advice you NOT to watch it ! its PATHETIC !
bad I've seen this movie and for me it's Al Pacino at his best! The movie has a very simple premise, two guys rob a bank, but everything that can go wrong does. In the beginning the women who work in the bank are afraid, but once the situation escalates into a sideshow, some the women become comfortable with the situation. Basically, the entire movie is in the bank and all types of comedy and drama surrounds it. This is Al Pacino early in his career and for anyone who hasn't seen the movie, I definitely recommend it. Just keep in mind between all the madness you see in the film that this is a true story, and very entertaining!
bad Not to give too much away but the story is weak and can be summed up with this equation:4 GI Joes - 3 ninjas = 1 movie you wish you'd never seen!!!My wife and I sat and waited for action, and waited, them waited some more... It finally came like my brother melting my Duke action figure with a lighter and Aqua-Net. Horrible plot, good special effects, and a stereo-typical ending. The next DirecTV add will say cable is worse than... Sitting thru GI Joe 2.If you don't believe me, waste your money, then contact me for an "I told you so!"
bad It's hard to find polite words to describe this movie, but I did start laughing about 2/3 through it, and that's not a good sign as it is not a comedy. With such memorable lines to call together an army as 'fire melts iron and it will writhe inside itself....' Wah?? Charlize Theron - who I had always respected - comes off as a grudgingly aging Real Housewives of Beverly Hills - wait, no - Orange County wearing bad eye makeup and screeching in reality-TV-caliber hissy-fit.... and I had always liked her. Kristin Stewart resembles her MAD cartoon parody. She's able to play the suffering goth waif, but when her character is supposed to play fired up or determined, she comes off more as a high school freshman that is determined to retrieve her math book from the library before the bell rings for class - not too powerful.... And when Chris Hemsworth gives a stand-out acting performance as the most believable character in this manufactured dark 'epic', well.... ya know you're in trouble.... I do admire the writers' ability, however, to cram every cliché that has ever been imagined into this 14-hour, I mean 2-hour story. Please note that I am generous in calling it a story since it actually had no plot. The characters had no depth. I was hoping that they would have done more with the wicked queen as that could have been a juicy part, but she was about as deep as the aforementioned 'Housewives.' The musical score was magnificently inappropriate for the scenes and built up at the oddest times so that one would expect something was about to happen... instead we are presented with a magical deer that doesn't really do anything but has a white aura around it. However, the musical crescendo that accompanies this scene makes you think Something is going to happen (it doesn't). OK - last negative criticism - a fun game would be to take a shot every time one of the actors unexpectedly breaks into a Really bad and unexpected British accent. Just sayin. And now I'll say something nice: the costumes were pretty good - impressive really.
bad As a young boy Callum Lynch witnessed his father murder his mother. Now, 30 years later, he is being executed for murder. However, the execution is faked and, instead of dying, he is transported to a special facility. It turns out that he is descended from a 15th century master-assassin, Aguilar, a member of the Assassin's Brotherhood. The plan is to train him in the ways of his forefather. This will enable him to fight the arch-enemy of his forefather, the Templars.Great cast, very weak script. Plot is very basic and much of the movie consists of predictable, well-choreographed fight scenes. The writers try to throw in some intrigue and purpose by introducing the Apple of Eden but it is a fairly weak plot device.Great cast - Michael Fassbender, Marion Cotillard, Jeremy Irons, Brendan Gleeson, Charlotte Rampling - but these talents are all wasted due to the action-driven, no-substance script. Michael Fassbender can only blame himself for appearing in such a piece of crap - he co-produced the movie.
bad This movie consists of a boring story line with an unnecessary Christmas theme. While some of the actors gave me hope of this movie being watchable, you will only feel dread as it drags on and on without any memorable scenes and a bronze lining of generic nonsensical comedy. Nothing but a seasonal money grab, huge waste of time.
bad As a die-hard fan of the Beautiful Creatures series, this movie was completely and totally horrible, and almost painful to watch. The movie was basically a Twilight-ified version of the books I loved. From the complete absence of key characters (Marian, the Sisters, Reece, Mr. Wate) to the ridiculous additions to the plot line (Ethan forgetting Lena) and the major events and character aspects left out (Ridleys lollipop, Larkin being Light, Macon being a Caster, Link killing Ethan, and don't get me started about Genevieve killing Ethan!), this movie was horrible. I understand that the director and the screenwriter were allowed to take some liberties with the script, and some parts of the book were just impossible to adapt into a movie, but this 'interpretation' was awful. I would not recommend this movie to anyone, even someone I deeply disliked. I was close to getting up and leaving the theater.
bad After the amazing Alien and Aliens, (and I believe the hard done by Alien 3), we had a string of utter tripe from this franchise, and this is no better. Character development is almost non existent, with the vast majority of people there simply to die. Danny Mcbride might as well have had a leash on him, for all the acting he was allowed to do, and James Franco showed more charisma than anyone else in the movie...and he died before even having a speaking role.The film has gone down this ancient feel/setting, which didn't work in AVP, or Prometheus, and just flat out bores to death in this film. And the "twist" at the end was so obvious that there was an audible "DUH" and "NO SH*T" from onlookers in the cinema during the reveal.Ridley Scott's last two films have led me to believe a couple of things.1. He can't do jack without a GREAT script 2. His movies look good, but are boring as hell 3. Alien was a fluke! It was a mess of ideas that all came together and somehow worked, but that was by accident and not design...or at least not by Scott's design.Unless Cameron, or possibly Blomkamp (hell even give David Fincher another go) get involved, or perhaps someone equally as talented, we're just going to see Ridley Scott spew his old man, self indulgent philosophical man juice all over our faces for the foreseeable future It was an OK by film standards...but by an Alien film standards it was pure muck.And a final note. A TWIN ANDROID FIST FIGHT AKIN TO X-MEN belongs nowhere near an Alien move.
bad First off, the reviews (if you can call them that) here are ridiculously biased and definitely come from a place of pure disdain for Amy Schumer. While I do feel the critiques of her are warranted to an extent, I also feel that the film is not going to get a fair shake. So here is my attempt at giving Snatched a fair review. First off, I saw this last night at a preview screening and I'd be lying if I said I didn't chuckle a couple times. I did. Goldie Hawn being back on screen is awesome to see and to see her doing comedy again was a huge selling point. However, despite a few chuckles and me being enamored with Hawn's return to the silver screen, Snatched is simply a dismal film. It isn't just because of Amy Schumer that this film is bad, it is a joint effort by all parties including Goldie Hawn. The film begins in slapstick fashion by introducing us to Schumer and Hawn's mother- daughter team. I'm not gonna lie, the two have some serious chemistry in their respected roles. The only problem is that Schumer & Co. rely on gross out humor and even lift some jokes from certain cult comedies to make their film work. The script is barely there and hopes that Schumer can fill in the gaps with stupid jokes rather than some on-the-surface character development. Instead, the film brushes through topics ranging from promiscuous sex to human trafficking to the power of a mother-daughter bond. These are all topics that could carry a film and at every chance the film gets, it fails to capitalize on any of those themes. In between vaginal jokes and gags from Schumer and some scenes of pretty hardcore violence for a comedy, there is barely anything to make us want these characters to succeed other than they are mother and daughter. While I can't exactly relate to that relationship, I can tell the filmmakers were hoping that that familiar bond would be enough to carry the film. Guess what, it's not. They're poorly written characters, which is a shame because Schumer and Hawn do make quite the dynamic duo and when it works, it works. The big problem here is that it works far too little and there is far too much wrong with the film overall to really recommend it.
bad Eli Roth is back! Eli Roth is back! Eli Roth is back with a movie that might just be worse than all the other dreadful crap he made. If he thought that the status and talent of Keanu Reeves was going to save a script that can have only been written by a ten-year-old, well, maybe he should stop thinking altogether. Knock Knock, a cheap copy of Funny Games, Fatal Attraction, and god knows what else,, is a sexual but not sexy thriller that tells the story of Bel and Genesis, two "Femme fatales" that wreck not just the home of a married Evan Webber (Keanu Reeves) but also his life. First and foremost, Genesis and Bel are far from being femme fatales. A femme fatale has a certain look. A femme fatale uses and hypnotizes a man and with it has the ability to get him to do anything she wants him to do. A femme fatale is a woman a man would do just about anything for. A femme fatale is a woman whose sex appeal is so deadly that just looking at her will make anyone, even the viewer, drool. I don't see any of that in Knock Knock. Yes, they are "attractive" in their own way, and being all wet from rain certainly adds to that, as most guys would say, but that is where it all ends. I do however have to admit that the first act that focuses on the seduction was pretty believable. The girls sure know how to seduce a man. But even that ends as the story progresses (or not so much). The performances by Lorenza Izzo ( Misses Roth) and Ana de Armas made me want to knit my eyelids close. It was forced, amateur, risible. Maybe they should take some more acting classes. Keanu Reeves is the only reason this movie is not going to get the same rating all his other trash movies got. But even this does not have a happy ending. While Keanu Reeves is an actor with class and talent, Knock Knock should have not been on his "to do list." I felt so bad for him for having had to memorize such awful, on the nose dialogue. If he hadn't been Keanu Reeves the great actor and had been a newcomer instead, Knock Knock would have closed the career doors for him. I guess the lack of good acting in Knock Knock takes us back to the directing. Eli Roth compares himself to the great ones like Hitchcock, Polanski, Tarantino. Eli Roth claims that he is still growing as a director, and developing his style / taste. There is no such thing as "growing as a director." You either have the skill, or you don't have it. If you make ten crappy movies (like Hostel and everything else he made) , please don't try to come back twenty years later with a copy movie and claim that you can still convince people of your "hallucinated directing skills." Here comes the worst part: As the IMDb states, Knock Knock was written by three writers: Eli Roth, Nicolas Lopez, and Guillermo Amoedo. It looks like Roth works with these writers on all of his movies. But what surprises me is that none of the movies they wrote together ever received superb reviews / ratings. They can't write. The stories are predictable. The dialogues are boring and on the nose. They fill their stories with clichés and cheap jokes. So, this is it. Knock Knock. A movie that should have not been made. It would have spared many people's eyes from seeing such trash.
bad At its core, Rise desperately aims for the charm of Glee and the subjects of John Green, but it misses the mark. The show takes elements and major plot points from Glee, including the stepping down of the project director or the harsh the direction of the principal regarding football and the musical club. They try to take a different direction of the actions of those in Glee, but their execution is so poor that it doesn't work.The characters are so copy-paste from other media that the situations they're in could easily be put somewhere else and no one would notice. The characters should be able to work in the situations they're in, but they don't. Why should I care about these characters? The actors in this show are certainly not giving me an answer. The harsh scenes in this show should be tearful, upsetting, and depressing. But they're not. The actors don't even care what they're saying. The director is told in the first episode that his eldest had alcohol, and what does he do? Kinda yells. That's about it.The technical side of this show is also a mess. The music often plays so loudly over the characters I missed huge plot points at times. There's a scene where two characters are talking in a bar. Both of them are incredibly hard to hear, especially when one of them begins whispering.The color palate for this show is bland. This does not mean beige bland, it means BORING. The colors are all vomit green, and they mix together so much that no attention is drawn to important graphical elements.Overall, I don't care what you hear about how the producer of Hamilton helped out with the show. That does NOT make it good. This show is bad. It's another carbon copy of pandering nonsense.
bad Saving Private Ryan, Spielberg's continued descent into narrow, arrogant, low-brow revisionism, is at best a languid patriotic trump-calling movie with nothing better to do than applaud the "glorious, morally superior American armed forces", who were in actuality nothing but teenage thugs who beat German prisoners and raped French women and looted European cities. He starts off with Kleenex totting bravery and then leads us into brutal images that have no other point than to entertain the violent video game minded geeks of American malls, he then regresses into heavy handed sentimentality that leads the viewer to conclude that Americans were all "good guys". This is not the case, history has shown us so. Americans, for all their good intentions in World War 2, were just as loathsome as the Nazis, they had a deep segregationist attitude in the States which killed people because of skin color, arrested and imprisoned innocent, hard working Japanese people and locked them in concentration camps, kept black soldiers in separate units which often were the lowliest positions, fire bombed non-tactical European cities, most notably Dresden, hired former Nazis to combat the "communist threat" and finally, dropped two atomic bombs upon an innocent Japanese civilian population. And after the war, things got even worse, the "Red Hunt", which resembled the trials in Nazi Germany in the 1930's occurred under a madman named McCarthy. So if you want to be blindly led by Spielberg's glorious war message that is simply propaganda, then by all means do and watch this film which has no redeeming qualities.It is truly amazing that people unaccustomed to great films should reveal this one to be the "best wars film ever" as if no capable director had ever attempted to bring the horror and stupidity of war to the screen. Perhaps, instead of giving Spielberg the automatic credit of creating the war genre, they should go out and rent "Come and See" (Russian), The Burmese Harp (1967), Fires on the Plain (1959) or Paths of Glory (1957), truly far superior films to this Hollywood-bastardization and candy treatment of war. There is absolutely no plot in this uneven film and the whole landing at D-Day, according to Spielberg, was in some way just a side show to saving "Private Ryan". With such a simplistic statement, it is easy to see why most reviewers revel in the sense that 'action, action, action' is equated with 'greatness'. I only guess that because they must be entertained that directors continue to keep punching out such opportunistic filth. While most viewers, who are safely tucked away in their houses, waving American flags and discharging a few tears, saying, "You German scum! You German scum!" can truly appreciate blood and guts as "cinema" then there is a market for it. After you get through the puerile premise, then you can sit back, have a few beers and watch heads explode in the carnage that has no intellectual meaning and is the most cliché-driven rubbish that has ever been produced. The scenes themselves are overdrawn, stolen from previous war films from the 1950's, namely the Longest Day (1962) which was a great film in itself. The beach landing is too long, and it shows only the Americans as "heroic" while the Germans are seen as "evil Hun scum". Tom Hanks, in his most idiotic and candid self, seems out of place as a leader of a bunch of rejects that are entrusted to save Private Ryan and in one completely absurd scene, the remaining 15 Americans defeat a battle hardened, superiorly trained SS special unit group with just a few guns. Now, if you know anything about history, then you would know that the SS were not an "easy group" to defeat, they were some of the most fanatical and well-trained soldiers of the German Reich but since Spielberg thinks we all are just a bunch of idiots, he'll continue to manufacture such inconsistent story lines. This is only a tear jerker movie and it does nothing else, I would suggest watching "Hell Is for Heroes" (1962) with Steve McQueen, because it is a lot better and we don't have to be forced to carry an American flag at the end.
bad The only reason this movie gets two stars out of me is that, thanks to this mediocre effort, I'll be able to remind my girlfriend of what I put up with for her the next time I get to choose on movie night and I suggest a cheesy 80s comedy like "Weird Science" or "The Naked Gun". I don't really need to go into all of the details here because there are more than enough detailed descriptions of this thing to spare me the effort of doing so and to spare you reading the same thing over more times than necessary. Instead, I'll just go ahead and throw my lot in with the "haters", as the fans seem to be labelling us here.What I will add because I haven't read it yet so far, and what I think should be an important point for perspective, is that every last "10 out of 10" reviewer I clicked on was a newly created account with only this film having been reviewed. I've been around here long enough to know that's always suspicious. I won't blatantly accuse them of being involved in the film's production or of being friends of those who were, but these new members sure are mighty keen on this rather sub-par film. You've been warned.
bad Movie Started at 7pm... by 815 I left my Gf my brother and his Gf to go outside and relax in the car. Steve Carrol is just plain stupid in this movie, and really I normally enjoy his humor. However, this one missed the mark! I really wanted to ask people during the film what they found funny. Worst movie I've seen in 5 years! And sadly my last film was Inception. To go from such an excellent film to this one was painful. Save your hard earned dollars and rent one tonight... this one is FUBAR'd.. I felt in some ways they tried to copy getting to the Greek and just really missed the boat. The cast all fit very well except, you've guessed it Steve Carrol. Honestly, if you enjoy his humor as I have in the past SKIP THIS MOVIE. I tried to watch the office when I got home and due to his performance in this film I felt like it changed my whole view on this gentleman as an actor and comedian. Hope this helps! Be excellent to each other!!!
bad i cant believe that some people are giving 10 rating for this pretentious,boring film.some are blinded by the hype and mass hysteria.even though they feel the movie boring,they are not willing to accept it.the guy who sat beside us in the theatre fell asleep halfway through the film and after the completion of film,he woke up and clapped.lol.all they want is part of batman patron and feel cool about it.coming to the film,its a rip-off of Bond film 'The World is not Enough'. In both films, the innocent woman is ultimately revealed to be the true mastermind/villain and the "monstrous villain" works for her out of devotion. Both are also willing to sacrifice themselves for love. Not to mention Bane was very much like Renard (villain from TWINE): a single named, intelligent anarchist terrorist with super strength due to a disorder, and we are led to believe throughout the bulk of both films that Bane and Renard are the masterminds behind the plot. Then there's Miranda Tate and Elektra King; beautiful,foreign businesswomen who deal in global energy.Both earn the trust of the hero (Bond/Wayne) while becoming romantically involved with them, though it's all a part of their plan to use the hero's company (MI6 and Wayne Enterprises) to her own ends. The plans are basically the same as well: steal reactor- nuclear material with the goal of nuking an entire city (Gotham and Istanbul). Another leading lady who is foxy at first and helps the hero later.character Q - Lucius fox with gadgets,M - alfred.Just added the holy drama stuff like depressed,burdened,not so-heroic Batman and hope for the city blah..blah.the icy post-apocalyptic,anarchy episodes are boring.there are many plot-holes and logicless scenes like taking a big city as hostage for months
bad yet again, been duped and led astray by the all mighty trailer gods; what a waste of celluloid. Horror films enthusiasts, really. Great idea yet poorly executed. A lot of drama for a horror film, hints of Dawson's Creek. A college girl wakes up in a horny student's room, confused and baffled. She's hungover. She lives her day hanging out with her sorority. She walks down a bunch of stairs at night with no lights to guide her and no one in sight (at this point, you turn around and run like the wind) She sees a small toy underneath a bridge. She cautiously inspects it then boom here comes trouble. A weirdo appears wearing a mask and kills her. She wakes up again and we start the whole boredom all over again. The killer is obvious and in the end I leave thinking I've seen this film before.
bad Remember Mortal Kombat, Battletoads, Overwatch, Gundam, FireFly, TMNT, Night rider, Back to The Future, King Kong, Iron Giant, Mecha Godzilla, Atari, Nintendo, Goons, ET, Shining, Batman, Halo, Gears of War, Monty Python, Michael Jackson, Street Fighter, Vikings, Liches, Lara Croft, Golden Eye, Aliens, Madballs, Child's Play, Etch A Sketch, View-Master, Beastmaster, Space Invaders, Ping Pong, A-team, Batman 60's, Ryu, Monster trucks, Marvel comics, Goro, Harley Quinn, Akira, Saturday Night Fever, Say Anything, Hello Kitty, Star Trek, Star Wars, Freddy Krueger, Duke Nukem, Terminator, Final Fantasy, Robocop, Battle Star Galactica, Rubic's cube, Hal 9000, Card collecting games and Star Craft? WE SURE DO. Well watch us to list everything over 2 hours. You'll love it.
bad The trailer makes it appear to be a quirky comedy and tiny people who have been downsized, but it is not. The first 30 minutes or so where they focus on the actual downsizing and what comes with that are good, but then it soon forgets this concept completely and veers off into several nonsensical other plots. Matt Damon was incredible boring. The other acting was fine, but the movie was terrible. Save yourself the money. Such a great concept, and they screwed it up. So disappointing.
bad This is like a clip show for a movie trope website. UTTER NONSENSE. I would like to wax lyrical about how bad but please just trust me that This. Is. Terrible. Yes, there's left leaning politics which is a bit obvious. But not as obvious as the glaring plot lines and the utterly wacky made up science that an elementary school kid could pick massive holes in. I honestly believe the writers have zero respect for people, expecting them to buy into this rubbish. I will say it again. NONSENSE. Please watch something else, anything really.
bad To preface this review, I read all four Twilight books in one weekend (last weekend, actually) when I picked the first one up at the airport, and could not put it down. I zipped through the other three and went to the midnight screening on opening day. To say the least, I was captivated by Twilight (and I'm in my 20s...).I was anxious to see the movie because, like so many other people, I felt really invested in Bella and Edward's story. Not only that, but I love the vampire premise - it just never gets old, especially when you put a new spin on it, as Meyer did in her books. The events of each book really ran together for me, so in a way, I felt like a non-Twilighter coming into this film. I really didn't care if the movie deviated from the book - in fact, I was kind of hoping it would, since you can't expect a book to translate directly to the screen. I heard a lot of serious Twilight teens complaining about "major things" missing when I left the theater, but I honestly didn't notice any major omissions.Overall, the film was better than I expected (based on previews, I expected it to be extremely cheesy, low-budget, and awkwardly filmed). It definitely grew on me as it went on, especially Pattinson's performance. His introduction was extremely awkward - not sure if that was Hardwicke's fault or Pattinson's acting. In any case, as soon as he settled into his character, he was absolutely captivating. Stewart plays a great brooder, and she certainly did that here. I loved the scenes with her father; in my opinion, these were some of the gems of the movie.The romance between Edward and Bella, which was obviously the crux of the film, was fueled by their chemistry, but not much else. Where was the development?! I really wish Hardwicke or the screenwriter or somebody had taken more time to delve into the roots of their relationship. It all just happened way too fast. I feel like this happened because of the James story, which to me was almost completely unnecessary (yeah, I know, it's a big part of the book and obviously needs to be here). But even so, the film would have been a more moving romance, and probably a more poignant, emotional film, if that cheesy, goofy subplot hadn't existed.Hardwicke dealt exceptionally well with teen angst, which was evident in the high school shots. Unfortunately, she really struggled with the vampire side of things. I have to put most of the blame on the director because the characters were all spot-on, very well-acted and well-cast. I also think a higher budget would have done wonders for this movie, and I'm hoping that becomes a reality for the sequel. The special effects were embarrassingly bad, and nearly ruined the movie.Overall, I enjoyed "Twilight" for what it was - a romance that probed the timeless dilemma of wanting what you can't have (and despite Meyer's Mormon beliefs, this whole series is basically a metaphor for sex). It makes for an interesting, compelling story, and I expect more from the sequels, because the potential is certainly there.
bad It feels so often that every comedy I see now a days have actors who try way too hard to be funny and not only does it not pay off but it's painful to watch. I'm not going to critique this movie as a movie because that would be giving it credit as being a movie. Rather I am going to critique what's wrong with movies like these. When an audience watches a movie, regardless of how stupid they may be in everyday life, once they enter that theatre, their IQ's increase exponentially. They can tell when actors are riffing and improving on the spot. Actors, filmmakers, studios...just because you think something is funny at the time because someone said something ridiculous and unexpected doesn't mean it works for the rest of us. Most of the time, the characters in movies like these are arrogant, narcissistic and think their so wacky and crazy and anything that comes out of their mouths are funny. The characters act as though they are aware that their being watched by an audience, similarly to reality television. Why are comedies from the 20th century so much better and funnier then comedies from the 21st century? I believe it's because the characters from those films react and act as those characters should and they live and act as they should in the world in which their living. Most of the time in those films, the characters hardly ever crack any jokes. In fact, they often play the scene and the story incredibly straight. The comedy comes from the situation and the character, not the actor or director trying to add in a line or a situation that makes so sense or no impact on the story or scene at hand.
bad Where do I start? Epic proportions both in the way this is beautifully filmed in the locations, costumes and attention to detail (worth watching for these things alone) and the length of the film (2 and a quarter, very long, hours.)Story is a mixture of several traditional Italian fairy tales with more than a sprinkling of sex and gore (Think Brothers Grimm meets Silence of the Lambs)Disturbing tales of human failings that start and stop throughout the film, picking up where they left off a few moments later. Some of them didn't have very satisfying conclusions and the ending was rather a let down (You would expect all the tales to come together at the end but they don't)Superb acting from all of the cast. Some relatively new faces that I am sure we will see again.All in all, worth a watch for the casting and production, but if this had been a book, I would have flung it across the room in frustration after the last page as the story promised so much more than the weak ending delivered.
bad I have to admit that I never heard of this movie before my friend's teenage daughter made us go to it. She loved it. Her mom and I walked out thinking 'ok, what was the point of that?'. This movie is like a record stuck on repeat. There was no resolution to explain why the protagonist was stuck in this loop. Was she cursed by something supernatural? Was it some cosmic time warp? We'll never know. Moreover, I wasn't engaged enough to care.
bad If you have a soft spot for the Del Toro original then I predict you'll be disappointed by this. Ok I know it wasn't a masterpiece but it had that unique Del Toro universe look.. always creative, amazing attention to detail in the sets and some highly memorable scenes from the word go. I only went to see this sequel because of some pretty positive reviews in the press.. they must be on the payroll of the filmmakers as by comparison it's like a Transformers film (although mercifully shorter). By comparison, if you found the original too highbrow then give this a go.
bad Once just a shy, demure, unassuming teenager, Carrie White was doused with pig's blood on one fateful day and suddenly emerged as (drum roll please) Supppperrrrrr Carrrrriiiiieeeee. By gently slithering her arms, looking constipated and occasionally twitching to let you that she means business, SuperCarrie quickly lays waste to all of the "bad" guys with sadistic glee while also showing her soft side by using her magical abilities to levitate squeaky-voiced gym teachers and knocked-up teenage Jezebels to safety. Incredible! To one up her competition in the super heroes sweepstakes, Carrie also manages to lift up and fly right out of the gym... and she doesn't even need spandex and a cape to do it. Impressive! Carrie's other super powers appear to be psychic abilities to anticipate what everyone is going to do before they do it and x-ray vision so she can see the gender of a newly-fertilized egg inside your belly before you even have a chance to say "Hey, wasn't I supposed to have my period LAST week?" Amazing! If that's not enough, SuperCarrie also doesn't let anything get her down... not even death itself! She may seem out of commission after pelting herself with a thousand and one smooth pebbles and then crushing her entire body underneath a house, but don't be fooled. You'll find investing your hard-earned money on things like embalming, caskets and grave markers to be a waste when SuperCarrie miraculously springs back to life, cracks her CGI tombstone (because - you know - real tombstones or even plaster ones painted to look like real tombstones are just way too hard to crack so they must be made out of cartoon) and then causes a metal guitar riff to sound out from nowhere. Professor Xavier, there's someone I'd like you to meet...
bad The theme of one man being able to combat the ways of a long-established system is not a new one. In fact, man versus machine is one of the oldest forms of conflict in cinema, but this is a different kind of "machine," this "Taylor Machine." When a young, naive, and idealistic man by the name of Jefferson Smith (James Stewart) is placed, as a pawn, in the United States Senate, he is honored and humbled by the job set out before him. He sees it as an opportunity to provide a service for his country, and, even more so, his people. In Jefferson Smith, we see everything that is good and wholesome in America. One man who wishes for nothing more than an improvement upon a country that he already cherishes. He intends to do everything he can to fulfill his duty as a newly appointed Senator. However, the people that put him there were not nearly as patriotic in their intentions. Jim Taylor (Edward Arnold) and Senator Joseph Harrison Paine (Claude Rains) have conspired to put Smith in office in hopes that he will simply sit there and keep quiet while they pass a bill that will profit Taylor. Smith's dream of building a national boy's camp is shattered by Taylor's scheme to build a dam in the same area. The powerful Jim Taylor is forced to pull some strings in order to discredit the young senator so that his dam can be built. The Taylor Machine frames Smith, accusing him of fraud. Shamed, Smith is ready to leave Washington behind when his assistant, Clarissa Saunders (Jean Arthur) inspires him to fight for his ideals just as his forefathers had. Smith returns to congress, armed with a new strategy to accomplish his goal.James Stewart gives one of his finest performances as Jefferson Smith, the young, passionately patriotic Senator confronting corruption in the government he holds so dear. Jean Arthur's performance as Clarissa Saunders is strong, while Claude Rains is forced to counter Stewart's inspired intensity (a feat that I feel he accomplishes). The filibuster scene is one of the highlights of the film, and one of the more memorable sequences in American cinema. Mr. Smith Goes to Washington is a wonderful movie, not just because of James Stewart's relentless performance, but because it has quite a bit to say. It is a statement declaring that ideals are stronger than the pages they are printed on, and that it is our ideals and the spirit through which we see them realized that allows one man to topple "the machine."
bad After pulling the school fire alarm my parent's punish me by forcing me to sit through this movie; the punishment was brilliant. With the knowledge of an action/weather movie I did not have any hopes for this movie. Luckily I had headphones and hippie music. My eyes still functioned and they were on the verge of crying...don't put yourself through this movie. If you're a sadistic human being, invite someone you dislike to this movie. The time I spent in this theater I had suicidal thoughts...Bob Marley couldn't even save me from this one. May god be with all willing to dare see this movie.
bad Who says a chick flick can't make you believe in aliens. Was this funny. Yes Was it touching yes. A real life bunny heads to NY to find the duck she fell in love with. If scared of bats beware, there is 20 minutes of animal porn,surprised me. Anna Faris makes me believe in love and that anyone looks good in pink. Emma stones breakout performance. Believe in love everyone. Don't watch if pregnant. Great movie to watch for a car ride. Is on two discs since its extra long. Was shot with one camera, no lighting. Need 3-d glasses to see whole film. YAY! The house bunny is a movie for all houses, expect those with more than 4 dogs.
bad That about says it all. The story, if you can call it that, seems simply a hodgepodge of bad Hollywood cliches. The characters are shallow and inconsistent. They don't even get the cliches right. For god's sake, don't waste 2 hours of your life on this disaster.
bad This probably isn't a fair review as I only lasted 35 minutes in to this film.It was just awful. Arch, self-conscious performances (sorry, even Glenn Close) - dark interiors, a precocious child actress, stiff dialogue... This story has so much potential but everything about this film was dark, depressing, self-absorbed and dull, dull, dull. Most of the acting was awful.This story needs a much lighter and more skilful touch to make it work. Deeply disappointing.
bad I am an avid film goer, I like mindless comedies...... Rarely have I watched a "comedy" movie and not laughed through it's entirety.... Congratulations Bad Mom's you have made one of my rarer lists! It is a horrible example to set for anyone young actual mothers. It is unfunny to the point of being over the top trying too hard! The entire party scene has been done and beaten to death! The whole penis thing was unfunny and borderline sexist in it's own right. Some of the actresses have done very well in other parts, but here they all just sort of fall flat. It's a shameful movie and one I hope they are ashamed to have their names attached to.
bad As fan of the original movies it's sad to see the extreme change of direction here. The humor in the original movies were heartfelt and funny, the effects were charming, and I think it even works today, in its way. The effects in this one is more expensive, has more details, but is much more comical, in a bad way. The comedy is about yelling, exaggerated hip hop slang, and fast-paced, waaaay too easy jokes. In the original movies, Ivan Reitman was the real nerd-scientist who outsmarted anyone in any room; Dan Aykroyd was the doomsday historian who really had some fun lines in his movie-fact-based monologues about evil; Bill Murray was a jerk, but he had a journey about improving himself, that made him likable; And Ernie Hudson started out as this "I don't care about anything as long as I get paid"-guy. This diverse group found something together that created a friendship based on real-felt trust, and they became a good team to hunt ghosts and save people. There was a real journey there. I don't feel the journey on this new one, I really don't.Because... I want the old comedy, not this lightheaded piece of "refurbished material" (to use a non-angry term). The original movies were about Individuals having believable comedic and heartfelt separate journeys, while I feel this movie is all about characters playing stupid, fast-paced jokes on each other. All the time.. When there are some hints of emotions in this movie I don't believe in it..So much that I give it a 1. Normally the 1 is reserved, by me, for zero-budget independent movies with actors with incoherent dialogue delivering, and a photo that lacks the technical craft-ship to give us a believable understanding of the surroundings. This one is made by real Hollywood people, but you know what they say:You can't polish a "refurbished material"!Mic drop
bad Unbelievable. "Philosophy". "Depth". "Genius". "Masterpiece". People must have seen another "Oldboy" because the one I've seen was a badly written, poorly conceived, over-the-top-acted, sordid piece of "Kraapola" which, even ignoring for a moment the ludicrously violent scenes which makes it unsuitable for the eyes of a child, could barely satisfy the imagination and the thirst for plot consistency of a seven years old.The "depth" of this sorry concoction was exhausted in one little piece of wisdom, "Laugh and the whole world will laugh with you, weep and you'll find yourself alone", the type of boring fortune cookie saying which a great author, be him Shakespeare or, more to the point of IMDb, Kurosawa, would have thrown in the garbage can with no second thoughts. Where this movie should have landed too, if we wouldn't live in an era in which the cheaply shocking and the perversely disgusting are confused with what used to be named once "great art". In short, yuck.2 out of 100. It's not 1 out of 1000 only because of some occasionally expert camera-work. In no way enough to save this infantile failure from worthlessness, though.
bad Alright, let's get this started. Okay, so, first thing I'd like to point out about the Hannah Montana Series... How many names does this person have? Miley Cyrus, Miley Stuart, Destiny Cyrus, Destiny Ray Cyrus, Hannah Montana... How should I refer to her during this comment? I'll just go with "Miley"...Okay, the show Hannah Montana is about a Southern girl (with the accent of a trailer-park smoking 90-year old man) from Tennessee who moves to Malibu to get her singing career started. As she doesn't want to lose her beautiful old life , she puts on a wig and she has a new life as a different person... Why didn't anyone point this out to me earlier? I could just wig-on myself and my car when I'm street-racing. In her normal-person life (see how confusing this can get?) she has two best friends: Emily Osment (Lilly) who is the only good thing about the show so she doesn't exactly blend, and Oliver (Mitchel Musso) who hardly gets ANY screen time. Lilly is also incorporated in Hannah's preteen-world-domination scheme by the alias of Lola. Miley's father, Robby Ray Cyrus is incorporated in both lives, as father and manager. She has a brother, Jason Earles (Jackson) who she treats like a pile of trash.Doesn't sound WAY too bad, does it? "YA THINK!" would actually fit here for once... Miley owns the world in her eyes. She treats everyone like dirt and they keep crawling back to her in less than 10 minutes. Great example and rolemodel for her preteen fans.Although I'm not much of a singer, I would have to say Miley isn't either. She's also not that much of an actress, and she should NEVER joke; it's just sad. The "laugh track" is played CONSTANTLY on the show, even when she's not saying ANYTHING funny (not that she ever does), seriously, NO!Plot line, WHAT HAPPENED? Where did the plot line go? Are different people who never met or watched the show writing separate episodes?Morale, what do I get from watching Hannah Montana? I mean, Lizzie McG and even That's So Raven had a lesson "at the end of the day" that you would learn by their experience. Hannah, where is the lesson? Is it, possibly, "treat your friends like Trash, they'll keep coming back"? Cuz that's all I learned from Miley or Hannah or whatever...One question: What happened to Disney? Are they deliberately trying to lose all credibility they had? Weird shows with absolutely no connection to reality are popping up on Disney and the sad thing is: preteens like it. I seriously wonder what future adults will be like.Okay so, let's just review the headlines: poor acting, singing, story, no lesson, bad role model, unfunny, and annoying accent... Why should I watch this?My conclusion: an advice to you followed by a request to God. Don't watch the show, it's only encouraging the new Disney to be more horrible and lose all senses of credibility they once had. OH, LORD, PLEASE, EITHER TAKE ME OR TAKE THE SHOW OFF THE AIR, JUST DON'T TORTURE ME BY MAKING ME SEE IT.
bad Veronica is a Spanish demon possession movie that does a lot right but has some major problems. Sandra Escacena does a good job portraying the titular character and the child performances were decent as well. The film is well shot and is mostly entertaining throughout. A couple scenes are genuinely creepy and there are barely any obnoxious jump scares. One of the main problems with the movie is that it is littered with annoying cliches. While the scenes mentioned previously were creepy most of the movie is just the demon trolling veronica by throwing book bags of shelves and turning on the television. With a run time of 105 minutes it's a little too long as well. The film's twist is also pretty obvious and I feel like a lot of viewers will figure it out early.If you like demon possession movies this is still worth your time and has a few scares to keep you entertained.
bad Poor Oskars's remarkable and more than brave endeavor in saving human lives during the dark days of WW2 in Europe almost immediately takes a back seat to the lamentations of the filmmaker in perpetuating the plight of a certain group of people on which unspeakable atrocities were perpetrated upon. A film that helps promote liberties taken over the years by that certain group of people from anything to a good seat at the Opera to unabated attempts to destroy other people's beliefs and right to exist.This film is (unfortunately), not about a man's humanitarian well-meant efforts to do what he could to help to save a group of desperate and obviously(for most of them) doomed to their certain death, people.The point that came across was visually witnessing the random acts of a certain person committing atrocities and exaggerating them to an extent that diminished what really happened to those people. In trying to add visual credibility via sensationalism made a mockery and a not so subtle message that a certain group of people have rights forever to commit atrocities to avenge what befell them over the centuries. If there is such a thing as a hate film, well this is it, generalizing 40 million people as monsters for the actions of a handful of lunatics sanctioned by the so-called Allies that were still full of boast and smugness and let's face it, blindness to what was going on. In short, the filmmaker's point was very subjective, to put it mildly.
bad Super boring and predictable, the movie is parasitizing on gamers nostalgia and that's it.
bad It seems all these pre-teen girls are loving this movie trampling each other to get a copy of the DVD.Why!? The movie was terrible! The music, the singing, the lyrics to the songs, the general writing and the old kiddy movie "We were mean to you but now we're sorry" act! I understand this is a kids movie but it doesn't have to be so cliché and terrible! Zack Effron...if I here that name one more time I will go insane. "Oooh he's so cuuuuute!" ENOUGH! He may be "cute" but his acting sucks! And he lyp synched the whole time. Check the trivia for this movie.We get the stereotypical dumb guy from the stereotypical mean girl's brother. We get the cheesy love story that works out in the end through the most cliché ways.Overall, bad singing, cheesy story, bad script, bad acting. The only way I would See this movie is if you paid me...Lots of money.
bad Well, about 30 minutes in and you realize why Paramount decided to release via Netflix.I don't think anyone who loved cloverfield will be particularly taken by this film. And to those people who felt cloverfield lane was a bait and switch, they will really feel betrayed by this film. The acting in this film is respectable. The effects, set and the like are fine. But the dull plot is not overcome by having a single character to care about.
bad This movie is terrible. It seems like it was made for the sole purpose of being as weird and as twisted as possible. "You know what's dark? A guy who marries women and kills them for their money." "You know what's even darker? A guy who does all that because he's in an incestuous relationship with his older sister." You get the feeling early on that there's something strange between the brother and sister, and in the back of your mind, you're thinking, "I really hope this doesn't end up being one of those weird brother-sister things." And then it does. The most original twist in the movie is that you're supposed to believe that the sister has killed not only three of the brother's wives, but also one wife's child--it turns out that the child is actually the sister's and died from being malformed and sick.Regarding the horror, this movie is not remotely scary. The visuals of the ghosts cease to be scary when the first one appears. There is so much CGI put into them that it looks overdone and super fake. Ghosts need to be done with a light touch because familiarity with monsters takes away their scariness.As for the acting, it wasn't bad but the only one worth mentioning is Jessica Chastain, who plays Lucille Sharpe. She's really good as the creepy, twisted, and perverted older sister.And as for the writing, I never believed that the characters Edith and Thomas were in love because the courtship part of the story seemed rushed. And the awkward and dry sex scene did nothing to convince me.Oh, and normal people can't bleed as much as these characters did without dying. So, is there anything good about the movie? There a few small things:1. Wardrobe: The filmmakers wanted Edith to stand out, not only from the villains, but also from the side characters. Edith was usually seen in bright colors and has blond hair; everyone else was in dark colors and black. 2. Literary References: During the film, there are three references made to some of the best novelists of the 19th century: Jane Austin, Mary Shelley, and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Which is strange, because writing seems to take center stage early on, and is then swept aside completely in the second act. 3. Paranormal Theory: Early in the film, the character Dr. Alan McMichael (Charlie Hunnam) discusses how he believes that ghosts are tied to certain places because of stone or mineral deposits in the earth. This is an actual theory in the modern ghost hunting community, but I'm not sure if they were aware of this fact in the Victorian period.In conclusion, I cannot recommend this film to anyone. It is daytime TV tripe. Don't go see it.
bad Spotlight is based on the true story of a Boston Globe editorial team's efforts to uncover systematic child abuse and abuser protection by the Catholic Church. Hardly fresh news, and a topic that will raise strong emotional reactions, and rightly so. But how does it hold up?Given the weird emotional volatility surrounding this one, allow me to qualify this review (and its writer): the scandal revisited here is unarguably heinous, as are the many people who took part in perpetuating it. My own feelings about organized religion mean I was only mildly surprised, but then perhaps the subject of the clergy's hypocrisy is worth revisiting, as it has been in entertainment since Moliere's Tartuffe. But this is a film website, the medium is narrative film, and so Spotlight should - and shall, in the longer term - be judged.This is a film that owes its success and Oscar nominations to its topic and, to a lesser extent, to its ensemble cast. It is also a throw-back to harder-nosed journalism-based films like All The President's Men - a much better, less self-righteous film. The end result however is a bit awkward: first, the structure is wobbly, throwing us in headfirst and assuming perhaps too much familiarity with the events. The character introductions are very rushed, which means it takes more time to build empathy, especially when it comes to the victims. The climax, such as it is, and ensuing denouement are a bit limp culminating in the obligatory white text on black background to tell you succinctly with words what the filmmakers could not achieve with visuals. It makes you wish, as many reviewers have, that this were a documentary.The cast are uniformly good, with Stanley Tucci and Mark Buffalo the stand-outs, but these are solid, seasoned turns, nothing that cries out "best performance of the year". Technical credits are closer to a TV-movie than a major Hollywood release.I can't give it credit merely for tackling an easy target from such a safe distance, but I would concede more points if it told its story more fluidly and dared to explore some of the more dangerous angles a bit more, such as police collusion, or that one memorable scene where a guilty priest rationalizes what he did in a way that hints at even worse events. Sadly, this chooses to play things way too safe.
bad "Taxi Driver" is a beautiful portrayed of an individual who tries to do things his way, in the hectic and dangerous New York of the '70's. He already isn't a stable person to begin with (he's a Vietnam veteran) but through his loneliness and due to his own personal views and idea's of society and the world, he gets more and more consumed by the rotten society until he feels it is enough and decides to take matters into his own hands.Beauty of the movie is that it gets interpreted by everyone in his or hers own way. Everyone sees some different things in the story and characters. I think this also was what writer Paul Schrader and director Martin Scorsese had in mind, while making this movie. The story takes us into the world of Travis Bickle. We begin to see society through his eyes and we more and more begin to understand the character as the movie progresses. It makes his character not only a understandable one but also a very realistic one. Nothing in this movie is overdone or made to look better or worser than it is in real life.The movie is made extra powerful through the performances of the cast. Robert De Niro is a sensational main lead and the supporting cast is also real great. Some well known actors that were still unknown at the time of this movie make an appearance, such as a very young Jodie Foster, Albert Brooks, Victor Argo and an almost unrecognizable young Harvey Keitel.The entire movie is sensational- and with lots of style directed by Martin Scorsese, who knows how to set the right mood and atmosphere. The simple- but effective and realistic from Michael Chapman and the musical score by Bernard Herrmann (his last) also add to the atmosphere. Also of course the fact that New York City serves as the backdrop for this movie, gives the movie a typical dark and gritty feeling and atmosphere. Everything is slowly but powerfully build up in the movie and every sequences plays a significant role. A result of this is that the movie is filled with some unforgettable sequences, of which the famous 'You talking' to me?' sequence is the best known. But also the violent ending leaves a lasting impression.It's still a movie that applies today, after 30 years now. Because lets face it, what exactly has been changed in society compared to 30 years ago and now? The subject and meaning of the movie could still apply to present day. It makes "Taxi Driver" a timeless and important movie that is a perfect reflection of society and already is worthy of the 'classic'-status. Yet another essential '70's viewing.10/10http://bobafett1138.blogspot.com/
bad This show could have been good, but wasn't. The canned laughter is horrible, and was always overpowering the dialogue. There were times at the beginning when this laughter was nonstop. I mean you couldn't hear a thing....and the joke hadn't even been played out. There were perhaps 3 funny lines in the whole 20 minutes. And how old is he supposed to be? I mean the guy has retired from the police force in his mid 40's, what kind of income do officers make these days that this dude is set for life. Oh hang on, he needs to rent out his garage or get another job. What a load of rubbish. The characters have all been seen before, with better scripts. Give this a missed. One star from me.
bad Bad screenplay. A storyline that leads to nowhere. Could not believe I was watching a movie from a director that made MOON and SOURCE CODE.
bad This should be a 5-6 but a sharper light shines on Orson Welles.At this point in his Career, Welles had abandoned any attempt at storytelling in favor of atmosphere and meaning via oblique camera angles. If you love Welles you'll see the brilliance in the camera work and defend the genius, vision, breadth, greatness; you'll criticize others for not "getting" it; you'll discuss the real meanings with other cognoscenti.Really though, it's an awful movie. I mean, just plain bad. The worst kind of Hollywood: a terrible jazz-like score; villains with all the cartoonish menace of Wild One, Rebel w/o Cause, or On the Waterfont (I kept waiting for Karl Malden to jump out in a priest outfit and punch someone); a meandering story that goes nowhere; and some of the worst acting imaginable. Acting so wincingly bad that it brings tears to your eyes.Weaver's performance is clownishly painful - something out of bad theatre for children. Welles, as always, pontificates and overacts ponderously. Heston, as always, alternates between woodenness and overacting - he was a master at reacting to the wrong things; Leigh overacts and almost jumps out of the screen in places; the list goes on. There isn't an understated performance in it.In case you haven't seen it: Heston plays a Mexican (no, I'm not kidding) DEA guy with no discernible ethnicity beyond some facepaint and a greased mustache.There's also the wonderful technique of having 2-3 characters talk at once so that you can't possibly follow what's going on. Much like real life where the salesman in your group interrupts before you can begin to get to your point.Dietrich is a fortune teller with heavy lines such as (to Welles) "Your future is all used up". This is often quoted as one of the important bits. Cotten is a coroner with his trademark simpering smile.What happens in the end: Welles drowns in the physical, moral and spiritual garbage that he created for himself. Or did the world create it for all of? Why for that matter are we here? Of course he finds time before he goes for a self-pitying speech that questions the meaning of his own life and - yes - all of our lives. Yup, just like Kane and Third Man.It's a shame about Welles really: he had some great ideas and some beautiful camera techniques. He just couldn't present anything without slamming it in your face over and over and over. He'd have been a good preacher or university professor where he could lecture without any questioning.
bad I think watches of Castle, The Mentalist or White Collar would enjoy this. I enjoyed the premise of the pilot and liked the dynamic between the two main characters. Looking forward to more episodes, I feel the other bad reviews are overly critical.
bad Not sure why anyone felt this needed to be re-made again, although with the current anti-Israel bias in the media and Hollywood, it makes sense they'd do a hit-piece. What I've seen from other reviews implies that there is a bias here. One reviewer talks about one of the terrorist questioning their decisions and feeling like they made a mistake, but this can only be pure conjecture or writer's bias as the terrorist where killed in the raid and so their thoughts during the event cannot be known.As another reviewer pointed out, attempting to humanize a terrorist is a dangerous and irresponsible approach, especially in the times in which we live. It is worth remembering that these terrorists where Germans, who were carrying forward the anti-Semitic beliefs that led the NAZIs to murder 6 millions Jews and led to the creation of the state of Israel. They, as with the terrorists at Munich are totally undeserving of any attempt at a sympathetic treatment. No nation knows this better than Israel, a nation that has been under daily attack by it's neighbors since the very moment of it's inception. It's far easier for those who sit back in comfort to throw rocks at their tactics and responses than it is to live under the daily threat of suicide bombers and rocket attacks.Do yourself a favor and watch the excellent 1976 film "Raid on Entebbe" instead.Hollywood needs to quit doing remakes and actually look for original talent. They've become largely bores.
bad ... would you have seen it ? The first scene was very inviting and promising, with a fabulous Waltz and Menochet, and then it slips into the third dimension. A Jewish woman with a black young man managing a cinema (or whatever shop), in France in the middle of the 40s ??? Hitler's attending somewhere without tight security of Leibstandarte SS ??? Where do they all get tailor made smokings in a few hours time, all that, without people noticing that they can't talk french or German ??? You are kidding me. What's the point of this movie ? It has no historic value, no humor, nothing. WWII is a serious matter. This film is an insult to all our parents and grandparents who lost their lives to fight the evil. At least, I would have preferred if there were no reference to historic characters.
bad A dystopian thriller set in the year 2030 that sees the world in a permanent state of economic recession and facing serious environmental problems as a result of global warming. Packed with terrible acting, characters, script and an one eyed billy kind of villain 'The Humanity Bureau' is another terrible sci-fi film and another low point for Nicolas Cage once good and promised career. (0/10)
bad I am going to say it up front, this film is a mess. I am baffled at how it completely ignores every possible way of being a coherent or at least meaningful movie. It doesn't fail to give some kind of form of entertainment and very rarely raises interest, but ultimately it is just pseudo-intellectualism at it's very worst.Even though I am the first to say that there is no way to ultimately classify movies, I will say that I kind of like to think that there are conventional and unconventional films and in no way one category is superior to the other. When using an unconventional medium, which is certainly what "The Tale of Tales" is doing, you are definitely ignoring some of the basic rules of filmaking and trying to achieve something original or unusual, yet what comes with ignoring those rules is the fact that you have to hook your audience, you have to keep them interested or what is going on on screen will just be a disjointed group of images that will bore more than entertain. Unfortunately, Garrone's movie doesn't have either elements, it doesn't have an arrival point, it doesn't push forward originality in anyway and it most certainly doesn't have a hook for the audience. It is just a disaster. I have never said this in my entire life, but I honestly would not know how to describe the plot of this film to anybody. Why that might be? I know, because there isn't a plot, there isn't a story, there isn't a meaning, there isn't coherence and there aren't any characters; no those people walking around on screen are just people walking around on screen in wonderful dresses, they certainly aren't characters because I would not know how to f**ing identify them without revealing their names or their physical appearance. The lenght to which these film is unremarkable and just a bore-fest are really surprising.I will give props to Garrone because I don't think there are many ways to turn this crap material into a better film. The photography is most certainly beautiful. There is some weird and dark yet pleasant imagery scattered around the film that actually makes for a limited interesting watch and I will say that there is a finale of one of the three stories that I actually quite enjoyed. Finally Desplat delivers a another great score as usual.And that's it. This isn't an atrocious or annoying film, I was never angry at it surprisingly for its aimlessness, but it is just mediocre and stupidly pretentious. I certainly don't know on what kind of drugs they were on at Cannes for giving this the reception it got, further demonstrating what type of pretentious audience there is.
bad As far as the end result... ...the film completely fell flat across the board. I have nothing against the four leads. I more or less blame the writers, director and the studios choice of direction for the new Ghostbusters.The acting is some of the most stiff and cookie cutter I have ever seen. There were times when it really sounded like they were reading their lines. The actors did NOT mesh well at all and their interaction with all of the blue and green screen effects was lifeless and clueless.I was just lost with the approach on their attempted humor. I mean, it's bad. I don't know what panel sat around the table reading the script and laughed at it, but I hope they never do again.The effects were horrible. Every time, which was A LOT, they used a green screen, I found myself taken away from the movie.The film constantly contradicts it's own established continuity. One minute they can't kill the ghosts, only contain them, the next, they can. Just ridiculous.They even added a segment to the movie early on that shows the four girls poking fun at all of the hate for the film. I just don't think the studio gets it. More mocking of the very people they expect to pay top dollar for their product.Despite all of the sexist remarks towards the movie, the movie itself is EXTREMELY sexist against men and borderline racist. All men are portrayed as fools in the movie and in order to kill the final villain they have to shoot him in the crotch. It almost seems the team behind the film knew how stereotypical and sexist their movie was, so they capitalized on the sexism against the film in order to hide that.I honestly recommend wearing a padded glove when you watch this, IF you watch this. I have never face-palmed so many times during a movie in my life. I would not suggest this film to anyone except maybe children under ten years old and even then, it would simply be for a cartooned 3D experience.I wish I could find positives because I dislike being so negative about a film. I understand completely the amount of work that goes into something like this. Chris Hemsworth was probably the best part of this believe or not. I could see him leading a team of his own Ghostbusters in another version if written correctly.But I can't help but quote Jurassic Park concerning the very idea of this film.The filmmakers "were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they should."I really did try to give this film a chance despite all of the negative hype. But, the film was not funny and does not stand on it's own. Honestly, the only thing that intrigued me was seeing the cameos from some of the original cast.I will add that if you were thinking you had seen the majority of the movie throughout all of the trailers, various clips, TV spots, etc., you would have been thinking correctly. Sony used all of what they considered to be the best material in all of the promotional releases. Let that be your red flag considering how poor the trailers were.If someone were to ask me if they should go see it, I would say, "No, but if you are curious, just wait for it to become available for Internet streaming."I don't think people will walk away from this movie afraid of ghosts. I imagine they walk away afraid of the movie and more so, the people who thought it was wise to make it in the first place.There is some irony here. Ghostbusters 2016 has literally become a ghost. It was dead on arrival.
bad Easily the worst movie I've seen in the last 10 years.
bad What a trainwreck, terrible acting, preachy storyline and a poor adaptation of a decent children's story. Recommend this movie to your worst enemy, if revenge is your game.
bad sadly, this show won't catch a genie in a bottle like the remake of Hawaii Five O did. The only thing relatable to the original is the name Hondo and the name of the show. I just watched the first episode hoping for something good, but it turned out to be nothing more than a PC show made to fit the modern PC world. They've also changed the main premise of the show. In the synopsis for the series it says SWAT is the last stop for a case to be solved. This show, much like the CSI type show is flawed in the fact that SWAT and CSI doesn't solve crimes, they are not detectives. CSI is supposed to go the crime scene and discover evidence and then turn the findings over to the detectives. SWAT is supposed to be called in when things might get too hairy for the regular police officers. That's why they are called Special Weapons and Tactics. This show will last a season if it's not yanked off the air before the end. My bet, 6 episodes then they may burn the rest of the episodes off on Saturday nights.
bad When will Hollywood finally look at J.J. Abrams and realise that he isn't wearing any clothes? This is a poorly executed movie. Cliche follows cliche to a point where I felt I was watching a parody, not a paradox. The story is unoriginal and makes so many jarring twists and turns that it quickly becomes a mess. Watching until the end will only make the viewer angry that they aren't watching one of the many, many brilliant science fiction movies that this dreadful flick is "paying homage' to.
bad No, no and one more time no. I was young when the first part came out and really liked it. Movie was made for 20-30 years old audience, and it's a very big disapointment that sequel was made literally for 10 years old children. Some actors are young (one is probably 13 years old) jumping on jaegers and trying to save The World it doesn't work at all. Making sequel for first part fans or trying to catch first part audience would have worked much better.
bad for gods sake this movies is not THAT good, of course no one will say that because to say anything that isn't "best movie of blah blah" would be antisemitic and the words of a nazi.  This movies does not deserve to be so highly ranked.  I could direct a claymation nazi death camp movie with a budget of $7 and probably get on the top 250.  I write this in hope when you go to vote for this movie you remember that NO ONE IS WATCHING feel free to actually vote your thoughts on the movie not the events it shows.
bad I found this film enjoyable from several perspectives. I loved the opening sequence, it sets the tone. The scenes of the beaches in France are gorgeous, although with a grim reminder for Canadians that went ashore in 1942. For me the theme of the movie is the interconnectedness of all things on our Earth. On the one hand we have the latest biotechnology science penetrating the depths of the ocean in search of the origins of life. On the other hand far way, we have the clash of civilizations going back thousands of years, with no solutions in sight. Danielle and James are extremely well portrayed. Danielle is a scientist that is earthy and connects well with people and also senses the presence of the smallest organism. James is a hardened paratrooper that is willing to put his life on the line for a higher purpose. They both connect on a physical as well as psychic level. If you like adventure don't miss this.
bad After watching Inglorious Basterds i was really surprised when i saw ratings on IMDb. Didn't expected high ratings and top 250 place. If we can only isolate and rate Christoph Waltz's acting performance i would agree that this movie deserves 10. But he is not alone, and his performance can't cover horrible plot, boring conversations, unfunny characters, alternative QT WW2 fantasy and Eli Roth as Jew bear. The opening scene with Denis Menochet as farmer and Christoph Waltz as SS officer is best part of the movie. Only part that have same quality and connects tension from that scene with the rest of the movie is a basement scene. Basement scene was crossroad for me. Michael Fassbender was great in role of British spy and his character adds some new layer of logic and realism in movie. In moments you can actually see some plot finally breaking through the rubbish you watched after the farm scene. After the basement chapter, movie is going nowhere. Empty space. A lot of empty space for movie that last 153 minutes. Long and boring scenes with boring characters and conversations. Childish fantasy mixed up with Spaghetti western movies and some atmosphere that don't belong to WW2 period. Thats why we have basterds to fill everything else and patch the rest of movie. They failed. Basterds are weakest/undeveloped and most boring part of movie. Movie is named by them, yes - Brad is on Movie poster ... but they are horrible. Worst role of Mr Pitt and i hope last one from Eli Roth. Cinema/Shosanna story with David Bowie music was just another QT patch v1.1 to fill huge empty space between farm and basement. Extremely boring scenes with Mélanie Laurent (taking off cinema letters, red dresses, secret love Marcel...) will blast your brain. Yes - headache is a must. Beside 2 good scenes, i really enjoyed listening smooth gradient of German, French and English language. But again, this is connected to Waltz and Fassbender and their personal knowledge that Tarantino used for his fantasy. Inglorious Basterds is Hybrid movie where gangsters are replaced with Nazis adding them wild west background layer with Brad Pitt on movie poster just to sell tickets. It doesn't work in this case.5/10 - only for Christoph Waltz and Michael Fassbender.
bad "He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened." - Tao Te Ching"Ran" begins with a gorgeous sequence, director Akira Kurosawa treating us to several shots of soldiers on horseback, perched like gargoyles on a series of grassy hills. We assume these men are guarding the borders of some ancient Japanese kingdom, but it turns out they're running security escort for King Hidetora, an elderly warlord who is out hunting with his three sons.The film then quickly becomes a loose retelling of Shakespeare's "King Lear", Hidetora announcing his retirement and then proceeding to divide his kingdom equally between his three sons. In true Shakespearean fashion, Hidetora then stands back and watches with sadness as his spawn squabble and wage war, each interested in acquiring more power and respect than the other.But "Ran" is not simply a three-way battle between sons. One of the things that becomes apparent with repeated viewings are the subtle power plays being made behind the family. For example, rival warlords form alliances with the three brothers in an attempt to instigate battles between them, and the wife of one brother, Lady Kaede, moves like a serpent, constantly plotting against the King and his sons.Initially we sympathises with King Hidetora. After all, the poor guy loses his family and is forced to watch helplessly as his empire crumbles! But gradually we learn more and more about Hidetora's past; Kurosawa reveals that Hidetora was himself once a ruthless warlord who destroyed kingdoms and killed thousands. By the film's end we've thus witnessed a grand cycle being reset. Hidetora built his empire through violence and bloodshed and lost it likewise, one ruthless King essentially falling whilst another rises to take his place.So "Ran", which means "chaos" in Japanese, is less about King Hidetora's personal tragedy than it is about human tragedy on a much larger, more cosmic scale. Observe how Kurosawa uses various distancing techniques (he frequently cuts away to shots of cloud filled skies) in an attempt to convey the feeling that we are watching these characters and their petty squabbles from the heavens. With shades of Jancso ("The Red and White") and Kubrick ("Paths of Glory", the sublime "Lyndon"), Kurosawa's camera grants us the vantage point of enlightened Gods.Interestngly, "Ran's" aesthetic style is completely different to much of Kurosawa's early work. Kurosawa's pace is slow, his camera rarely moves, close-up shots are rare, the film's acting is stylized and mannered (drawing from Japanese Noh theatre, though perhaps also Brecht?) and characters are held at a distance. Most find this grating - none of the ingratiating of say, a David Lean epic - but this is a more mature, deeper and less imitable Kurosawa. Whilst his earlier features have been imitated to death, perhaps to the point where they have lost some of their power, "Ran" remains sublime.Gone also are the usual Kurosawan moral platitudes. There is little preaching here, and few of the trite moral lessons and dips into sentimentality that mar many of Kurosawa's early films. Indeed, it seems that Kurosawa only matured into a "serious" artist in the years leading up to and after his failed suicide attempt. He achieved a sort of gerotranscendence with his later films, shifting to a more transcendent vision of the world. These films thus have a very holistic view of time and space, life and death, moving away from ego-centricism to a more cosmic world-view. Perhaps such an artistic shift was spurred on by Kurosawa's own existential crisis in the early 70s.King Hidetora himself achieves gerotranscendence after a failed suicide. It is then that he stumbles upon a blind man who was once the victim of his past savagery. Forced to directly confront his past, his self image no longer based on illusions of heroism and glory, Hidetora promptly becomes a tormented spirit. Kurosawa has him wear a white face mask from this point onwards, tearing across the landscape like a ghost."Ran" ends with a powerful sequence. An army marches in the foreground whilst, far in the distance, a blind man walks dangerously close to a cliff's edge, tentatively tapping away at the earth with his walking cane. The man's walking cane then hits open air, he stumbles slightly and the film abruptly ends. Kurosawa's point is clear: humanity is blind, perpetually on the verge of tumbling down some dark abyss. But note too how the blind man is elevated, far above the army down below. He may risk falling, but he, unlike most in the film, has begun his long climb back toward virtue. "Ran" is packed with similar, cleanly drawn "metaphors", though at times Kurosawa's dialogue is ridiculously direct. Entire sequences of the film spell out Kurosawa's themes, character dialogue signposting the director's moral messages at every turn. It's all at times very hokey (subtler in Japanese?).Needless to say, Kurosawa's compositions and use of colour are dazzling. At times the film seems like a series of landscape paintings and the master's soundtrack is also fairly experimental.Note to younger viewers, preconceptions in tow: there are no "cool" samurai battles here, only a melancholic battle sequence which Kurosawa shoots without sound. Such sequences are nightmarish rather than gratuitous, Kurosawa balking at the horror that other directors salivate over. "Ran's" stylized acting also takes some getting used to, requiring several viewings to fully absorb the film's various character motivations, traits, names, nuances and faces. One character, a copy of the court jester in "King Lear", is particularly annoying until we properly tune in to his role. Like Shakespeare's jester, he exists outside the story, designed to comment on man's follies.9.5/10 - Despite some heavy-handed dialogue, this is arguably Kurosawa's best film, and one which rewards (or gets richer with) repeat viewings, something few films genuinely do.
bad If you want a movie about magicians, and are not 12 years old, I'll recommend The Illusionist or The Prestige. If you like superhero movies - watch one of those. This is kind of a mix.I guess what I'm trying to say is:If you like movies that are fast paced, where they try to cram as much as possible into the movie in as little time as possible, kind of a movie directed by a hamster or something, then you'll probably like this movie.If you suspension of disbelief comes easy to you, then you'll also like it. Because there is really nothing very believable in it. All the magic tricks smell of CGI and "movie", and there is never doubt whether it's gonna work or not.
bad I'm a big fan of Will Ferrell and after watching the trailer thought this story would be a great set up for some good comedy. It started off with some fun chuckle moments but gradually degenerated into gross, unfunny, violent crap. Several folks walked out after the first blood-squirt but foolishly I stayed till the end. Was I amused? NO!! The 3 stars are for WF still showing some talent along with Nick Kroll as bastard Bob and Ryan Simpkins as goody-2-shoes Alex.
bad ...and not very original. The characters are not believable and came across as being forced onto the screen. Just another worn out revenge movie.I have never seen the original. So that is cleared up.On the plus side the camera angles and scenes were well done from a technical perspective.Samuel L. Jackson's part character should have been developed more. It seemed that the movie was trying to relive Mr. Glass from "Unbreakable" which Mr. Jackson nailed in that movie.The movie does not stand on its own merit. Period. There is NO character growth, most of the action scenes are shoddy at best and all seemed misplaced. The action scenes were simply added to have action scenes.It was still a movie that should have never been made.
bad The whole plot line is nothing but sex. Sex sex sex. From all walks of life; whether it is the meek girl who was taken advantage of, the player, the wannabe-player, the bad girl, the girl who wants to save it till marriage, the boyfriend who wants to pressure her to give in...Seriously, there does not seem to be at least one sentence where the characters are not talking about intercourse. ALL of the characters.It's nothing but stereotypes, and really bad dialogue. And unrealistic in regards to what life as a teen really is like. If it is suppose to be a satire, or a spoof of some sort...doesn't seem to be doing a great job.And for one thing, the adults themselves appear to be brainless. If a principle KNEW that a boy wanted to join the band just because he wanted to pick up girls....wouldn't it be refused overall? The kid even asked for a condom!And I tire of the stereotypical portrayal of girls who do want to wait till marriage. Not all of them are girly, pushy, over religious and braggy about their chastity. But yet will eventually will always "give in" to their apparent urges. And not all teenage boys are crazy horny 24/7 with bad intentions on their minds.The whole sex theme and teen pregnancy is getting old - especially if it isn't done well and creatively.It gives a whole general bad impression on American society, as if all teens are really like this.
bad Number 1 rule of Horror! No origin story. What's this? An origin story. As many said before, and I've said since seeing the amazing 1973 version at a 80's re-release drive-in, it worked because of the mystery, atmosphere, and NO GORE. So basically, Leatherface 17 basically does every single thing the original didn't do to make it the film it was. Are the filmmakers aware of that? Do they care? Do they know origin stories are bad financial decisions for horror properties? If I were credited exec producer Tobe Hooper (RIP), I would have made sure to pass away before seeing this too. It is a better option. No, really, die before seeing this.As Scorsese says as he continues to sell out "cinema is dead". This is a mean, inept, nasty, badly overacted at every breath. It has more production value than the 1994 version. Haven't seen all the TC films, but somehow this makes the Matthew Mcconaughey film look like a gem. In an attempt to be relevant, they added forced shock as there is a sex scene taking place on top of a dead body. Lame. And this is a no-no to say subjectively in a review, but there is definitely something wrong with you if you like these kind of movies. And I've seen Henry/Cannibal Holocaust/Serbian Film - don't condone those, but there's a point to them, at least. These statements will make people outraged, but the real fright is, nobody will be outraged that film content like this is normal these days. Worst part is, all the imagination this property can offer is fully drained from this Bulgaria filmed outing.Lili Taylor tries to underact. To think, she and Stephen Dorff had respectable careers at one time in the 90's, and before. It doesn't get too much lower than ending up in a Z-grade version of a 40 year old horror classic, that goes direct to streaming and forgotten in a few days.
bad Let's begin by saying that this was way too long. Why does anyone need this much time to tell so little story? Answer: they don't and this was a huge bore that wasn't resuscitated by the sex scenes. Sex scenes are mostly boring in movies these days and completely superfluous when we are one mouse click away from explicit sexual fantasies that most of us couldn't even think up on a dare.Almost every shot in the movie was a close up, like a short person trying to film something in a crowd. I felt claustrophobic most of the time. The rest of the time I wanted to push away the characters for invading my personal space. I'd guess that about 70% of the shots didn't even include an entire head. If that is style then count me out.
bad Why are there hidden religious references to Islam throughout this remake? There is even a woman wearing a hijab in the very last frames. Why is this necessary? Screw you Hollywood, using nice movies from the past to push your political agenda with young (starting) actors.One (dirty) star.
bad I spent many a sleepless night after watching 2001. Not only because of the psychological horror (of which 2001 is a masterpiece) but also because of the way it brought me (a restless soul) some clarity to the way I observe the universe. It changed my way of thinking in a very profound way. And after reading the novel (by Arthur C. Clarke) I found myself once again inspired (a writer as I am) by the level of imagination.The Space Odyssey is not something one can just "go and see". One has to be ready for it, or it cannot be understood. In fact I don't think it can be understood at all, at least not all of it at once. It is a philosophical journey to the infinite and beyond, a masterpiece of it's genre and still after 32 years technically quite impressive all the way to the powerful musical soundtrack featuring 'Also spracht Zarathustra' by Richard Strauss and 'Blue Danube' by Johann Strauss.Take all the time you want, but eventually you are going to have to see this film. If it can bring some order and understanding to the universe of a struggling artist like me, it can certainly do it for you as well.Or maybe I'm just plain crazy...
bad Bad acting, weird fighting scenes, the main caracter is a well known principal at a high school and all he wear is a litte mask and then nobody recognize him. There are so many good series out there, dont waste time on this crap.
bad As others have said, I too was hoping for more of a sequel to King of Queens. I will watch a rerun of that whenever I see one -- and we all know you can catch one on at any minute of the day or night.And you know -- this show is set up almost exactly like King of Queens; but this does not work.The wife is wrong. Let's face it; we all want Carrie, not this too- pretty actress who says "Ah, honey" no matter what jackass thing Kevin does. She is just off.Now, that whole subplot with the daughter does not work. That was lifted from the Brad Garrett sitcom 'til Death, or that short-lived Warburtin show, Crowded -- or a host of others. The only change is he's British.The Greek chorus, including Danny, is back -- but they seem off as well.I guess it was the writing and the whole dynamic that made KoQ a hit, and this a flop
bad Warning: SpoilersI'm having hard time remembering what I saw in this show the first time it aired. I thought it was refreshing to see another confident spunky girl like Raven who wasn't so self- consciousness and annoying like Lizzie McGuire. The reality of it is that this is a Disney show so its stupid to expect quality. First time I watched it I accepted this fact and I thought the show was enjoyable despite its unrealistic presence. But alas I was fool for buying into this crap. The more I watched it the more ridiculous and boring it got. The novelty of the spunky Hannah Montana character wore off probably because her over-exaggerated personality was shove down my throat so much it got to be ridiculous. Its called range Miley Cyrus. On top of that Miley's Cyrus look has become horribly fake (I'm not referring to her Hannah Montana look but her supposed Miley look)- why does Miley need a fake tan?! O and by the way I think Miley is being overworked; she developing wrinkles on her forehead. The only bright spots in this whole show are her sidekicks Mitchell Musso and Emily Osment and her brother which aren't featured enough probably because the writers have run out of ideas of what to do with them. In fact, I believe the writers have run out of ideas of the entire show as the plots become more ludicrous and humorless. Not to mention boring- Hannah Montana tries to sneak away to Florida- thats the whole plot?! At least Lizze McGuire was realistic. That's So Raven was good because it balanced the goofiness, didn't forget its secondary characteristics, and more importantly it had some good messages for teenagers. Some could argue that That So Raven plots were ridiculous, but at you understand where they were coming from. Miley's jealous that her dad likes the Jonas Brothers more than she so she dresses up as some drunk rocker? What the heck? Maybe Disney shouldn't spend much time promoting Hannah Montana and put more time into saving the show.
bad Bad directing. Annoying, unfitting soundtrack. Unlikeable characters. Stupid plot. I've rated over 1000 movies here and this is either the first or the second 1/10 so far.
bad Mazerunner has overstayed it's welcome.It started out as a B-movie with mildly ok cgi effects. Always shadowedover by the more popular hunger games.There Isn't even a exciting mazes for them to overcome In any of the sequels wich Is very very bad, cause that was the only part that drew me in to see the first movie. Why it's even called the mazerunner Is beyond me.Here you have a very bland end generic teenager action flick as al the rest.Every scene is predictable and you know exactly the main characters gonna get saved in the last minute. There's no buildup of suspension or anything.I give this a 1 star. cause I couldnt even sit through the whole movie.
bad I used to joke I want my money back when I saw bad movies. But I was so angry with this one, I didn't care about the money. I wanted my time, my Saturday evening back! As a matter of principle I never leave a movie in the middle, but the more I saw the senseless "acting" and "story", the more I became irritated.. I love sci-fi, I could even watch the cheapest one and still be satisfied. But when they make "something" as horrible as this, something with no connecting storyline, no sense of the slightest sign of logic, no consequence/connection to any scenes that just played, the constant building up to nothing over and over again. I just felt like being treated like a moron with a 3 second memory, who could be 'woawed' by the scenes, but doesn't know or care what happened 3 second before that. I came out the movie angry and stressed. This is beyond bad, this deserves a -10. Not only that, this movie should be banned from human history. Save yourselves!
bad This film is the equivalent to a sixteen year old, fairly privileged middle class boy, who has a baseball cap, curtains and t-shirt with the marijuana leaf on it yet has only ever smoked one spliff and made a huge deal about it. He thinks that smoking weed makes him relevant. So he needs to let everyone know he does it because there's nothing else that will appeal about him. Because he doesn't want to come off as a nerd, he lowers his intelligence and because he is too 'dumb' to actually be funny, he swears every 10 seconds to constitute humour. Possibly still faps over that one single poster of a tanned girl in a bikini that his Uncle bought him on his birthday because he was 'becoming a man, bro.'It was described to my boyfriend as 'offensive'. It wasn't. It's vulgar. It's not even the funny kind.I watched it last night with my boyfriend. Only us and a group of three 'lads' were in the cinema. Understand, we all laughed more during the adverts and trailers than we did the actual movie.Within the first five minutes, I was embarrassed that I subjected my boyfriend and I to this and knew it was going to disappoint me.Immediately, you're met with profanity. Now, once or twice to give the impression that hot dogs swear is fine. Swearing so much to substitute for lack of humour is just pathetic. Amidst the language, nothing funny was said. That's bad writing.There's the joke that hot dogs are having sex with buns when they're put into the buns. That makes sense as a joke. It's a safe bet. This would have been modestly funny had it not been repeated throughout the whole film.Yes, we get it. The sausage is a phallic shape and goes into a bun.It really puts it to you within the first few minutes. A pack of sausages shaming each other about their size and shape. (BECAUSE THEY ARE METAPHORICAL PENISES DON'T YOU KNOW! HAR HAR!) Again though, not funny or clever. Then courting the lady-buns by being vulgar. Sausage calls bun a b***h.It was clear that I'd sat us down for an uninspired and lazy flop.I laughed modestly twice. I laughed out of obligation and embarrassment about 5 times.There were a few clever bits. I am a fan of wordplay, so to see someone riding a bottle of 'Horseradish Sauce' was satisfying. The Frankfurters were played as Nazis who hated 'Juice' and their symbol was 'ff', made to look the Nazi alternative. Offensive, yes, but a little clever. I like offensive humour.There were so many opportunities for actual humour it hurts. Nothing that could have been funny was displayed for more than a second.There was a graphic rape scene.I get that it sounds ridiculous when you hear that it's a douche forcefully sucking the juice out of a carton.You might think I am being silly, but I swear to you, if it had been humans, it would have been pretty horrific.Because it was a cartoon, you were expected to laugh at rape.Ha ha. No. I don't think any of the viewers found that funny, even the 'laddish' blokes at the back didn't crack a humoured grin.There's also this really awkward sex scene at the end where all the food engage. This is to really bring home the hot-dog/penis metaphor.A taco has lesbian sex with a bread roll.My fingers hurt from typing.If you're 12 years old and completely new to sex, drugs and swearwords, you and your dude-bros will love this.If you require a little more maturity and intelligence in your humour, AVOID. Otherwise you'll leave needing to take a shower and needing to withdraw from cinema.
bad I absolutely adore the books and the I loved the movie too, but this- this is just messing with the fans. The cast for the movie was PERFECT. The movie followed the storyline properly. The TV show misses out on a load of little bits that made the movie so good and the books even better. The characters threw the story off completely and the clothing also disappointed me. A lot of Isabelle's elegance and strength-for example- was lost, and the cast really didn't bring anything special to the show. Although I can't say I'd give the movie a 10/10, the actors played their characters perfectly. I honestly can't say the same for this. In addition I felt the age of the actors also threw the story a bit off. It didn't correspond well with the books- they looked more late twenties than late teens/early twenties. The acting is horrific, and the characters aren't portrayed as they were in the books or the movies. I am honestly so disappointed. I love Cassandra Clare, but I can't bring myself to love this atrocity.(However my opinion is deeply biased due to my compete devotion to the books and the movie so this review may seem a little harsher than what it should have been)
bad This movie serves two purposes: a) glorify the American soldier from World War II and the American nation in general and b) help Mr. Spielberg overcome his own neurosis about being Jewish, a task he started with "Schindler's List." That probably makes him the envy of anyone who ever saw a psychologist: to get paid for spreading out your psyche instead of having to pay for it.The first 20 minutes of this movie are amazing, indeed. Very well captured is the sheer horror of landing on a fortified beach; the disorientation, the killing etc. But after that, this movie drops on the level of "Armageddon": a mother has a number of sons, all of them died during the war, except one and the US military surely puts the life of half a dozen soldiers into peril to save that last one. Of course, that is completely logical.The German soldiers, in the contrary, don't seem to have mothers or anyone who cares about them, they are ugly, lean-mean-killing machines, shouting incomprehensible things and should be killed wherever possible. They are also not just as scared as any other simple soldier on a battle field, they don't have any feelings at all. So, what could have been a great movie, with all the money spent for and stars on it, playing in the same league as "All quiet on the Western Front" gets to be completely pathetic, unrealistic, super-patriotic and one-sided. Steven Spielberg once said that he often didn't feel he was a "real" American and was left-out because of him being Jewish and that the past of his family haunts him. It is ok to feel that way and I wish him he will finally get rid of both feelings. But on the other hand he also was left out of getting an "Oscar" until "Schindler's List." That was a well done movie, but on the long run it seems it didn't do Spielberg too good. Somewhere he must have come to the conclusion that doing movies about WWII helps him overcome his problems and making them patriotic will help him getting an Oscar.If you are interested in a realistic look on war, watch "All quiet on the Western Front" or "Das Boot."
bad I really didn't enjoy this film at all & I fall into the target group (male 20-30). 2/10 I'd give this.There seems a belief too that anyone who doesn't enjoy it is either thick, against violence or especially 'doesn't get the message behind it'. Well, none of those apply to me.In this flawed film, I understand that it was any of: a)a group of young men rebelling against a Borgeousie consumerism society. b)one man seeing how he is totally dissatisfied with life and how his mind tries to change things or c)people stopping to watch Cornelius fight himself because voyeurism is human nature the film makes a deliberate attempt to make the viewer feel guilty for being a voyeur. (I'll come to that later)You can take your pick really, whatever way, I still find it crap. Any film (Shawshank Redmeption excepted) which concerns 'one mans' anything, generally creates no emotion in me other than boredom. The whole tagline to the film makes me want to puke: "one 30 year old man's journey of self-discovery."So what? Are we supposed to sympathise with Norton because of this? I'm sorry but I have sympathy in films with people dying, or who's family have been killed. John Hurt triumphing over cancer in Champions, Tom Hanks in Saving Private Ryan, thousands of others. Even Norton himself actually in the brilliant American History X. In the 2nd half, I sympathise with him for the life he has found himself with.But in this (and I find myself saying the same as I did with the equally awful American Beauty) Just because some blokes fed up & having a midlife crisis we're supposed to feel for him. Oh diddums. The only film where this premise has worked brilliantly is 'It's a Wonderful Life' with James Stewart. He was in crisis (and justifyably too) but never resorted to any of the levels stooped to here.(That might seem a weak point, but It's just come to me & I can't put my finger on exactly why Wonderful Life is so far superior to Fight Club in tackling a midlife crisis, but they are as far extreme as you can get)I'd also question whether we're all voyers? For every moron that slows down on a motorway to look at an accident on the other side, there's a 100 or so that can't believe the stupidity of it.There are countless flaws too. The scene prior to the car crash wouldn't have worked? Who was Norton talking to? with the passengers there? Where did he acquire his knowledge of soap from? Would people have watched 1 bloke fighting himself? and much more too. Ok, maybe one or 2 of those have answers but I couldn't find them.I think to really enjoy this film, you have to have clicked or empathised with the main character, and if you did, I feel a bit sorry for you. It would however account for the popularity of such things as marriage guidance councillors, drugs, footballers agents, even to a degree religion (but only when it becomes absolutely fanatical & life revolves around it).Maybe it's just me & I'm fortunate but so many people seem unable to get through the little problems that life throws up on their own & without help of any kind anymore, like inventing a friend for one thing.I know plenty of people who like this, intelligent some of them, so I've no problem with people who enjoy 'Arty & deep' films with psychological meaning to them. I just don't. But not through failing to understand them, Just merely through not connecting with characters who suffer problems like a 'mid-life crisis for non deserving reasons'.On top of all of that, it was a very slow film too.
bad The film is a fun concept turning the baseless mumblings of frustrated parents who want to "kill their kids" into a dark horror comedy thriller that brings that often off-the-cuff thought into a warped reality.That concept, which no doubt all parents can associate with feeling, albeit without any true meaning or intent, blends itself with the ideas of zombie films. and films such as The Crazies, then adds a little bit of the high paced insanity that you will know about if you've seen Brian Taylor's previous work.The main characters are well written and setup so that you start to have a dislike for some of the teenagers, and grow an affinity with the adults and the frustrations of their adult lives. It's acted well for the most part, and Nic Cage brings his usual own flavour of insanity to the proceedings.It certainly won't be to everyone's tastes, as other reviews here show, and some people won't be able to get past the unrealistic nature, and the way it's portrayed, but ultimately, it's a fun film, with an interesting concept.Unfortunately, despite the story, pace and events building up nicely, and keeping you involved, the film is flawed in its lack of explanation or reasoning for this sudden event of mass parent-vs-child violence, along with a rather disappointing lack of conclusion leaving an overall feeling of disappointment at what had the potential to be a good original film; something that is difficult to come by in this age of reboots, remakes and sequels.
bad "The Divergent Series: Allegiant" is another part of this too long and boring franchise. The saga of Tris and Four and their friends is repetitive and predictable, using clichés and special effects. The screenplay is poor and stupid. For example, David is capable to close doors and remotely controls the city; why does he need someone to release the gas in Chicago? The worst is that the story does not end and there will be another sequel to gross more money for the producers. My vote is four.Title (Brazil): "A Série Divergente: Convergente" ("The Divergent Series: convergent")
bad I went to see this one, like the previous two, because I thought it would be fun and also wanted to see the story end. However, the film is such as disaster that it made me reconsider "Fifty Shades of Grey" and "Darker". While the first one was somehow interesting as it is the one establishing the story, characters and tone, and the second one was an extremely hilarious experience thanks to the public in the cinema who shot joke after joke about it, the third left me with a bitter taste of hollowness and nothingness. Even the other people in the cinema were feeling irritated and bored; about 20 minutes into the film they started walking in and out of the cinema hall. They had a moment, I guess, when they wanted to leave but remembered they had payed for the tickets. Really, it was no fun, no thrilling, no sexy and sure as hell not climactic. It was a bore with loose narrative threads and sex scenes as fillers.The supposed challenges the protagonists must face are laughable. First, there comes a flirtatious woman behaving in inappropriate ways towards Christian. Mmm...interesting, I thought! Then Ana knocks her down in a 40-second dialogue. Ok... I wonder what's next, what this new woman is up to, what Christian will do etc. Well, nevermind, we don't get to see her again except in a short scene hugging Eliot. Problem solved. After a "Fast & Furious" break, there seems to be a newer problem: Jack Hyde. There's some threatening and guns, we don't really know his motives and they really don't matter as long as the scenes drag the film further. No one cares anyway. It was not until very close to the film's ending that I truly felt the way it failed. When Ana wakes up in hospital, Christian tells her, with wet eyes, something like "I thought I lost you" and that's when everyone in the cinema bursted laughing.The tagline warns us not to miss the climax. Well, I did miss it. The only effect this film had on me was intellectual frustration. In the end, I need to mention that I appreciated Dakota Johnson once again for making the best of what was given to her in this film. She's the one that makes the film watchable by her rather good performance. I'm glad the critics remarked her. I hope she gets over this whole circus and manages to establish herself as the talented and serious actress that she is.
bad Honestly, I can appreciate a slow building drama that takes its time to build characters. Unfortunately, this remake of the film gives us very little in the way of conflict or tension after the setup and introduction of the characters.There is some decent acting here from the cast, but I found it nearly impossible to see any detail in their faces due to the choice of shooting in very low light or artificially creating the effect in post. While I can't place blame entirely on the film as our local theater may have had issues with their projection system. Still, I prefer to see the expressions in actor's faces, otherwise I might as well be listening to a radio play.The film could have been a full stop brighter and adding some fill light on the faces still would have allowed the look to be dark and drab as it was apparently intended.By the time we get to the third act we still aren't rooting for our protagonist and frankly it's not completely clear until the climax that it's supposed to be Kidman's character. The editing is unimpressive.This remake of "The Beguiled" isn't anything special. I suspect the jurors who awarded Coppola "Cannes Best Director Award" must have not have seen the film. For me it was best summed up by a phrase I overheard by a nearby audience member, "Is that it?". Yes... I'm afraid so.
bad Directed by Jodie Foster, "Money Monster" rehashes the cliché film dramatization of Wall Street fraud and the commonplace Americans who are the big losers in a tycoon's greed.George Clooney and Julia Roberts have good chemistry as the star television talking head Lee Gates and his hard-working producer Patty Fenn. The simplistic story is that of a "hostage drama" when Gates is held captive in the studio by a crazed investor who has lost his fortune due to a Wall Street scammer and the advice given over the air by Gates. The plot unfolds with Gates and Fenn actually bonding with the terrorist to get to the bottom of malfeasance on the part of the CEO of a company called IBIS.With the primary setting a television broadcast studio, this film might have worked better as a made-for-TV movie, as opposed to a feature film. Most of the action was predictable, and much of it was also unbelievable. The relationship of the young terrorist and his wife was entirely unconvincing. And the inaction on the part of the SWAT team, who had successfully surrounded the terrorist both in the studio and outdoors, was equally improbable.In the end, "Money Monster" was a formula film that should not provide any surprises to viewers. The only cliché that was missing from the film was a slow crawl across the screen that reads, "Based on a True Story."
bad I love these "scary woods" stories and if you haven't seen YELLOW BRICK ROAD, check it out. The first hour of THE RITUAL is excellent--great acting, dialogue, music and an unsettling mood is quickly established. But once we only have two remaining men...the climax slows to a crawl when it should speed up. What happened to all that scary tension we had built up? While wisely holding back showing too much or telling too much for the first hour, the final 30 minutes reveal it's all THE HILLS HAVE EYES visit THE WICKER MAN and the film collapses. And, the biggest (?) mistake, they show the creature that the people worship. Not sure why--it's odd looking but not that terrifying and the final scene where the man is yelling at it, thrilled that he's escaped, doesn't work. And then? The screen goes black, credits roll. A real disappointment but the first hour is GREAT!
bad I don't usually review stuff but after watching this movie i was very disappointed and agitated. Its so basic, the main characters never die, hero wins, hero is a trained fighter, hero does everything perfectly but the bad guys always are at a disadvantage, lower combat skill, the inability to run through a hurricane but hero's do, and all die. It is so basic and i've seen it all before.You'd think that the well orginised, smart and deadly criminals would be able to kill 3 people with ease, they managed to take over a maximum security base yet cant kill a single person after. Its too basic.Not one of the heros got shot once either but somehow manage to kill all the criminals even with a car wheel disc, pathetic, and managed to end all of that with a few cuts.This movie is very unrealistic and the heist should have been pulled of with the brothers and the cop dead.i can go on forever but id like to point out one more thing, why is the woman so bothered about the money? Its not personal to her and its getting destroyed anyway, either way they lost it and its going to look like she took it either way so why not just let them take it and not risk your life. Shes literally fighting for no reason, shes basically a psychopath within the movie.Overall the movie is unrealistic and all of that conflict was for no reason. Its so bad even i reviewed it to bare peoples brains from viewing such simplicity.Since im on IMBD Id like to get involved in any movie/ acting careers as id make better ideas and scenes than these pathetic troglodytes, other than that i like the visuals and thats it haha, dont enjoy!
bad If there was a case for young adult adaptation are all the same and blend together then Allegiant can be used as evidence, borrowing elements from The Hunger Games and Maze Runner series.After the events of Insurgent the faction system has broken down after the people have found out that Chicago was no more than an experiment. Tris (Shailene Woodley) wants to see the outside world and together with her boyfriend, Four (Theo Jones), brother Caleb (Ansel Elgort), friends Christina (Zoe Kravitz), Tori (Maggie Q) and Peter (Miles Teller - the term friend is being used very loosely) go over the wall and discover a civilisation of scientific advance people lead by David (Jeff Daniels) who explains how the world felt into chaos and why Tris is so special. But, David has his own motives.I had a soft spot for the Divergent series until now: the first two films were solid films for their target audience and had some fun trippy Inception style scenes in the mindscape. Yet the good will that the series has built has spent and Allegiant used ideas from Mockingjay and The Maze Runner sequels, that people secretly exist beyond the world and they are not to be trusted whilst the desert landscape is like the one in The Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials, just with much worst CGI.Allegiant even rips off the previous films in the series. The climax is similar to what happened in the first two films, the heroes have to break into the central governmental building to stop the villain's scheme and free either friends or family. Insurgent was able to get away with this because there was enough of a different because Tris was stuck in the dreamscape to open mystery box.Allegiant relies on the characters to be idiots for the plot to continue, especially Tris who should have been more sceptical of the mysterious people who have been watching Chicago, not less. She was both the chosen saviour who had enhanced instincts yet also be incredibly gullible.The relief in Allegiant is the world fell apart was humanity split between genetically enhanced people and regular people. Basically it was a cross between Gattaca, X-Men and the Animatrix short The Second Renaissance. Humanity split into factions because the genetically enhanced got corrupted, making some virtues greater at the expense of others, making them 'damaged'. Tris is told she's the cure for the 'damaged' and like the kids in the Maze Runner series being the cure for the zombie outbreak. Even for a sci-fi film this is a stretch and Allegiant does not mitigate the criticism the series has suffered that the faction system doesn't make any sense: if anything the revelation makes the concept harder to swallow.Allegiant shows that the Divergent film series has run its course. It has run out of ideas and the low Rotten Tomatoes score and box office returns has put paid to the idea that there would be a sequel: although there would be a sense of schadenfreude to see big- name and emerging actors forced to appear in a TV movie.
bad I, being a huge fan of the original, was probably more excited to see this movie than anyone. And in 3-D no less. So...I walk into the theater with my 3-D glasses on my head, holding my $5 popcorn and get ready to watch my favorite childhood movie and...and...and...oh no. Oh no. This is awful. I sat through the movie wondering why I don't care about any of these characters. On top of that, I'm wondering why I spent the extra money to see it in 3-D. The best 3-D effects came during the opening credits. Other than that, I could have thrown the glasses away. Now I know why James Cameron is not a big fan of making films 3-D after the fact. To make a long story short, I was incredibly disappointed. I would not recommend this movie to anyone. Go see the original "Clash of the Titans" if you want to lose yourself in a good movie. After seeing this one all I could think of was "oh how the mighty titans have fallen."
bad Sandler's first sequel, is even lazier, dumber, and even less funny then I could have imagined. It's worse than most comedy sequels, and worse then most movies period. It's worse than Grown Ups, for heaven's sake! There's no plot, none, zip, nada. Characters and gags are set up without payoff much like in Jack and Jill. Almost every attempt at a joke falls flat. Anyone who wants to make a comedy should watch Grown Ups 2 as an example of one that does almost everything wrong and what to and what not to do when directing and making a mainstream comedy.Almost every joke in this movie is pointless, absolutely pointless. The movie's first joke: a deer wanders into Sandler's house where it pees in Sandler's face. In a movie that had actual though: this would happen not just because a deer peeing on a man is funny, but for some reason that has a point, maybe to show that the family had moved out of the city and into the country. There is no point, none and only the dumbest of the audience will find this amusing.Grown Ups 2 is worse then the first and is a close 2nd as the worst Sandler movie ever made, nothing in this movie had a point, there is no plot, the whole movie and setup basically everything was lazy and Rob Schneider may have actually made one of his best decisions ever by skipping out on not only one of the worst sequels ever but one of the worst comedies I've seen in a long, long time. 1 out of 10. Skip this movie and go see Pacific Rim or read a book or go outside, Do Anything!! Just Avoid this movie.
bad After using IMDb for about 10 years this is my first time writing a review so here goes.I am a big fan of DC Comics and Green Lantern is definitely one of my favorites as I even own quite a volume of comics of him. I wasn't really looking forward to this movie since every time I do I always got let down. My first thought after hearing Parallax being in the movie I was wondering if they would do it like in the comics. But that didn't make sense because this is only the first movie and the studio would make it as an origin movie not something else. The whole thing seemed a little tad slow and I think they tried to do character developments and get the story going but even for a fan I kind of found it hard to follow. It wasn't engaging enough I suppose. There were some action scenes but that also didn't really live up to expectations. I thought they had the right director and actors for this movie but something was missing from the comics. If they ever make a sequel to this movie I do hope they hire someone from DC to write a script and have the sort of impact Iron Man did back in 2008. I do have a feeling this is going to be another Superman Returns though.
bad this is one the worst movies I have ever seen about the holocaust. This movie doesn't do anything to me. If I was to doubt that the holocaust ever happend, this movie would make me a non-believer of the holocaust. To set the record straight I believe and know the holocaust happend.  The movie is predictable, badly shot, has one of the worst scripts and the location looked more like a holiday camp than work camp from WWII. Thru out the whole picture there is not one moment of human emotion. In this picture mister Speilberg shows his short comings in his intellect again, after bad movies like ET, Jurrasic Park and Saving private ryan(this movie is only saved because Tom Hanks played in it). And now Iam reading he is involved in a movie about Anne Frank, I really hope he doesn't have to much influence on the script and the in the shooting of the movie.
bad Grade: B-In a Nutshell: With original music by Elton John and Bernie Taupin, this gnome animation is a gentle introduction to Sir Arthur Conan Dole's classic story of Sherlock Holmes. It has action, comedy, good music, and uplifting themes, making it an entertaining movie for kids and watchable enough for parents.Tips for parents: Profanity like "Cheese & Crackers!" and "Fertilizer!"You see quite a bit of a dancing gnome in a thong. If you saw the first Gnomeo & Juliet, you've already been introduced to Mankini, a character kids will laugh at, yet one who is pretty inappropriate for young children, in my opinion. The first Gnomeo & Juliet was rated G, but this one is PG for using some rude and suggestive humor. Mankini's appearances definitely bumped up the rating. There is some potty humor that will make most parents squirm.Some subtitlesAll British accents and landmarks in London.Uplifting theme: "We all have our good and bad sides." - Watson (Chiwetel Ejiofor)"A man doesn't make you strong, but the right partner can make you stronger." - Juliet (Emily Blunt)"We took our best friends for granted. We stopped listening. We stopped giving them the respect they deserved. They were the last thing we were thinking about and they should have been the first." - JulietFamily and friendshipsThings I liked:Star-studded, award-winning voice talents include James McAvoy, Johhny Depp, Michael Caine, Emily Blunt, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Maggie Smith, and Mary J. Blige.The animation is very well done with impressively expressive characters.Lots of physical gags and entertaining visuals.Fun soundtrack of popular hits and new songs.It uses several different types of animation, which I thought was cleverly done.A couple of twists. I love twists.The sound effects were really good, allowing you to hear the clay pots and hear the weight of the gnomes.Stay to the end of the rolling credits to see a few more little things.Kids will like the use of modern technology in the story telling.Things I didn't like:Sherlock Gnomes is pretty annoying and not very likable. If only they had gotten Benedict Cumberbatch to play the voice! He does a fantastic job in the TV adaptation. That would have been awesome and hilarious. Don't get me wrong, because Johnny Depp was fine, but Cumberbatch as Sherlock...come on!There are a lot of jokes that kids simply won't get because they're references to older generations, like the River Dance gag.I started to get bored. It felt like a video I would put on for my kids at home to keep them occupied while I got some work done.Funny lines:"To be fair, it was needlessly complicated, but that's what super villains do." - Moriarty
bad I absolutely love a lot of the actors/actresses in this movie so I originally was very excited to see it. I mean, Adam Sandler, Chris Rock, Kevin James, David Spade, Maya Rudolph, Steve Buscemi?? Sounds like comic gold! Nay. There was no plot & the one liners were just constant and 99.8% completely unfunny (we get it, you like to razz each other). It was almost like some of the actors even forgot how to act for this movie! I laughed a few times but pretty much spent the entire feeling like this level of comedy was insulting my intelligence. I expected more.My kids though did think the movie was amazing so if you are between the ages of 6-14, you might enjoy this.
bad I enjoyed the 2010 "Alice in Wonderland" that had that unique Tim Burton touch to it. But I wasn't in any rush to get to see the 2016 sequel "Alice: Through the Looking Glass". Why? Well, because just what more could there be to tell about this story?With that being said, then don't get me wrong. "Alice: Through the Looking Glass" is not a bad movie, it just seems like a movie that hardly was necessary to have been made. It is a good movie in itself, and works quite well as a stand-alone, if you will.The effects in "Alice: Through the Looking Glass" were great, as they also were in the previous movie. And it was nice to see the beloved characters from the first movie return, and also to see the amazing job that the special effects team pulled off at bringing the world to life. Lots of details, vivid colors and memorable characters.The actors and actresses in the movie were doing good jobs with their given roles, and it was a great treat to have the original cast return to play their characters once again. The Time character was interesting, but it left a less than savory taste in my mouth that they had cast Sacha Baron Cohen for this role. He is not an actor that I am too fond of, so in my opinion another cast would have been preferable. I do enjoy the Mad Hatter character and Johnny Depp does a great job in portraying him. And it was nice to get to see more of that quirky character and get to know more of his background.The special effects and wardrobe teams really are the ones shining in this movie, because there are just so many wonderful things to look at throughout the movie. And the level of creativity is just astounding. No matter where you look there is something breathtaking."Alice: Through the Looking Glass" is certainly an entertaining movie, but it is hardly one that you will sit down and watch again any time soon.
bad If you watched the first one then you will hate this one. Trash
bad Last night I took my 2 daughters and a friends to see the movie. All of the girls had read all the books in the series (including me) and had been anticipating the release of the movie for over a year. The book is fabulous!! I taught 4th grade for 4 years and read it to all my Language Arts classes every year. I never had a student not like the book. It contains humor, action, friendship themes, and characters that contain quite a bit of depth and growth throughout the 5 books in the series.The movie was nothing like the book. The characters in the book are 12 years old. How are the next books to be made into movies if the culminating event of the series happens when Percy turns 16? The plot was totally changed. In the book the quest that Percy, Annabeth, and Grover embark on IS NOT to find 3 pearls so they can escape from the underworld after rescuing Percy's mom. In the book, he doesn't even know that she is alive. It is understandable that not all the adventures on the way to the underworld could be put in a 2 or even 3 hour movie, but don't make up new adventures that aren't even in the book.The true villain in the book is not even mentioned in the movie and several main characters vital to the plot and character development of Percy and Annabeth are missing. My 13 year old daughter-who waited in line for hours to get Rick Riordan to sign her book- wanted to leave in the middle of the movie because she though it was the worst movie she had ever seen. If the director had stuck to the book, it could have been an amazing movie and people would not be comparing it to Harry Potter want-to-be.
bad I HATED this movie. I hated everything about it.Oh, look at me, I'm an armchair-existentialist. I hate my crummy boring life. I hate my job. I hate my wife. I am such a pathetic loser. Gee, I'm going to lose my job. Oh woe is me! Oh, wait, here's something interesting - a teenage girl! And what's this? Marijuana! Hey great! Now I'm a middle-aged go-nowhere jobless pothead fantasizing about having sex with teenagers. Oh yes, THIS is the life. THIS is the epitome of "BEING ALIVE!" I have truly found the meaning of life.Whoa, check out that piece of garbage! It's like, totally floating in the wind. This is the greatest thing ever. Nevermind man's great achievements - never mind the symphony. Nevermind great architecture. Nevermind medicine and technology. Nevermind invention. Nevermind conquering the land, the sea, the mountains, the valleys, the depths of the oceans, the vasts of space. What's truly wonderful is trash in the wind.You see, TRUE beauty is in mediocrity. Wait.. wait... no that doesn't sound right. Instead, let's call it "simplicity". That's better. Yes, worship the... *ahem* the simplicity of nature. Worship trash, not greatness. Worship drug abuse, not working. Worship laziness and prurient interests, not ambition and tenacity."I guess I could be pretty -expletive- off about what happened to me, but it's hard to stay mad when there's so much beauty in the world." Or, in simpler terms, it's easy to convince yourself of your own self-worth when you place value on common garbage. Why? Because when you say that garbage is beautiful, looking at yourself in comparison isn't so bad. Yay, I feel so much better about myself now that I'm living under this bong-clouded delusion. Apathy doesn't seem so apathetic when you've devalued everything! This was a story about a loser, who KNEW he was a loser, but rather than do anything about it, he instead deluded himself into believing that he was something more BY LOWERING HIS STANDARD OF JUDGMENT. No different than if he were a C student in school that made himself feel better by saying that C's are the same thing as A's. It's nonsense. It's utter nonsense.American Beauty is horrible. It is, without a doubt, one of the single worst stories ever written. You want to know why? You want to know what is so utterly messed up about the principle it espouses? When you place value on garbage, when you find "beauty" in everything, BEAUTY LOSES ITS MEANING. When EVERYTHING is beautiful, NOTHING is. And you know what happens then? Congratulations - you've killed man's sense of values. You've killed his capacity to recognize greatness or to achieve it.If you set up standards of achievement open to all, to the least, to the most inept - you stop the impetus to effort in all men, great or small. You stop all incentive to improvement, to excellence, to perfection.And that's EXACTLY what happened to the "protaganist" (although it makes me want to spit acid to even call him that) in American Beauty. That movie worships the exact thing that it was - trash.
bad I don't get it, where's the twist, there's no point to this movie. It was really slow!!! Like I'd enjoy watching paint dry more! This movie leaves you very disappointed. No climax what so ever! GIVE IT A MISS! You won't be disappointed in the 1hr and 40mins you'll save in doing so
bad The whole experience started kind of good. The first 20 minutes were mostly alright, but in my mind what the movie failed to capture as a whole was that the fact it is not the 90s anymore and even tho CGI was decent I failed to find that nostalgia feel that I was in search of when I heard the new Power Rangers movies was coming out. You do not feel anything for the characters and by the end I had felt that it was only starting to get good. It mostly feels like an elderly man tried to make something teenagers would find interesting, but the problem is, that elderly man is stuck in the last century and most of us had moved on. They forgot that kids of today couldn't care less about Power Rangers and that only people like me who used to watch the shows as a kid would be interested tho laziness added to it not being interesting and in my opinion pretty dumb. Characters are stereotypical high school kids you cannot relate too because I guess the writers couldn't bother or were afraid of any backlash had they done anything mildly interesting with them, as we see in all sorts of media today. There are certain points where you can feel what it could have been but those moments drop off pretty quickly and you find yourself either mocking scenes or plainly not caring for the characters or anything really as I did. Overall I cannot give it one star because I had paid to see it, which in my opinion is already too much for something like this, but I think had the characters been interesting as individuals and if the story hadn't felt rushed by the end it might have even been a good movie worthy of my time and nostalgia.
bad A boring movie with no real feeling to it. Ignore the studio hags and skip this movie.
bad He has made good musicals (New York, New York), surreal comedies (After Hours), satires (The King of Comedy) and biopics (The Aviator), but Martin Scorsese has never done better than the times he's dealt with life on the streets and gangsters. Mean Streets, Goodfellas and Casino (and, to some degree, Taxi Driver) are proof of that. It doesn't seem strange, then, that his finest film in over a decade (Goodfellas was released in 1990) sees him return to that familiar ground. With a few changes.The Departed, based on Hong Kong thriller Infernal Affairs (2002), is Scorsese's first gangster film not to feature Italian-American criminals. In fact, this film is set in Boston, where the Irish rule. One of these "godfathers" is Frank Costello (Jack Nicholson), the man the State Police want the most. After years of investigation, they're finally getting close, thanks to undercover agent Billy Costigan (Leonardo Di Caprio). Because of his family (all Irish, all bad), becoming a member of Costello's crew isn't that difficult. Now all Costigan has to do is report to his superiors, Queenan (Martin Sheen) and Dignam (Mark Wahlberg), who will pass on the information to Ellerby's (Alec Baldwin) Special Investigations Unit. What they don't know is that Colin Sullivan (Matt Damon), the most promising element of said unit, has been on Costello's payroll since he was 12. Soon enough, both cops and crooks become aware of the situation, beginning a manhunt that's gonna make the already fragile Billy even more nervous and Costello increasingly crazier.By moving from Hong Kong to Boston, Scorsese and screenwriter William Monahan have made the first step in ensuring this film will be quite different from its Chinese inspiration. Another significant factor is the running time: a mere 97 minutes for Infernal Affairs, 150 for The Departed. This is due to new characters (Dignam and Costello's henchman Mr French, played by Ray Winstone, were missing in the original) and subplots, such as the one concerning Madolyn (Vera Farmiga), a psychiatrist who gets emotionally involved with both of the moles. But the most crucial difference is in the depiction of the underworld: whereas IA was stylish without being excessive, Scorsese's vision comprises very colorful language (some insults are so creative one might expect Joe Pesci to show up) and, of course, buckets of blood, the last part of the movie proving to be particularly shocking. None of the scenes ever reach the gross-out level of Casino's head-in-the-vice scene, but in pure Scorsese tradition it remains unflinchingly violent (also notable is the music, perfectly setting the mood, scene after scene, alongside Thelma Schoonmaker's impeccable editing).Amidst these brutal surroundings, the director handles a spot-on cast: Baldwin, Sheen and Wahlberg (the latter finally back on form) make good use of their little screen time, Damon fine-tunes the edgier side he showed in The Talented Mr Ripley and the Bourne movies, and Nicholson, playing the villain again at last, delivers another OTT but classy turn (original choice Robert De Niro would probably have played the part with more calm and subtlety). A special mention is needed for Di Caprio: working with Scorsese for the third consecutive time, he has finally found a way to shake off his Titanic image, thanks to a vulnerable, gripping (and arguably career-best) performance.With its clever plot, excellent acting and expert direction, The Departed is without doubt the year's best film so far. If this really is going to be his last gangster film (he has said so), as well as his last studio-endorsed picture, Scorsese can be proud, given the masterpiece he has given us. If only they gave him the Oscar in return...
bad So this film has won the Palme D'Or? I didn't see any reason why...The film is well executed in its use of the usual Hollywood visual clichés, rendered in a more "European" style. A fusion of the worst of Hollywood and the worst of Europe. The result unfortunately is even less than the sum of its parts. I am extremely concerned by the lack of any real ideas beneath the thin veneer of story. I felt that the film rubbed my nose in one awful even after the other while presenting only caricatures (or often no characterisation at all) of the participants and victims - especially the German characters. So we have caricatures versus caricatures, without a caricaturist's sense of humour or insight.I found these caricatures quite obscene - they obscured the fact that the Germans who committed such atrocities were ordinary men and women - not merely evil-laughing "monsters". That European Jews who survived this period went on to murder and torture Palestinians and reproduce the exact same ghettos imposed on them for every year since 1945 is testament to that. I wonder if I'd win the Palme D'Or by switching the roles and making a film about the Israeli organised Chatila massacres or atrocities by the Israeli Army in the West Bank? The result is that the real power of the film was completely lost in the process of presenting the facts of Szpilman's experience of that period. I found no insights in this movie - either into art/music nor the Holocaust, and certainly nothing about Szpilman. Is it true to fact in its unrelenting depiction of atrocities committed? I didn't care anymore after 30 minutes. I am no historical revisionist so after the 4th violent atrocity in the first section, not only these acts, but the whole film became silly and patronising. A far more unsettling and profound film about evil, art, personal responsibility and racism from this period is definitely István Szabó's "Taking Sides". It leaves Polanski's film far behind in every filmic and intellectual aspect.The Holocaust compels us to think and act, even if entirely beyond comprehension. In this regard, Polanski's movie is both bland and abhorrent.And no, I don't mean that to be a complement.
bad I was very eager to watch and hoping for a hit. It did not take long to be disappointed. The technical adviser, if they had one at all, needs fired and replaced immediately. It is obvious that this cast has not had any basic firearms training but are trying to be passed off as SWAT team members. My expectations for a TV show are very low for actual tactics but this is horrible. Zero effort. Next they chose this absurd story line based off of the "Hollywood" liberal PC agenda.....make some effort of realism. White police officer accidentally shoots innocent black kid, white team leader fired without an investigation and replaced with a black junior team leader.....give me a break. I will watch the next episode with some hope of improvement but I believe that this show will be lucky to last a full season.
bad This was an interesting movie. Remind it me of the 2016 "A Monster Calls", as it was at some level the same basic idea behind the plot of this movie.It is a nice movie and it is very well acted by all main characters. It was a nice blend between a fantasy created by a very intelligent girl who was trying to cope with her mother's illness. It is at some level a "coming of age" movie, the main character evolving to a more mature person who can understand the reality of life and all that comes with it.
bad This movie is like watching a 20 round boxing match expecting to see an epic knockout, only to see two dancing queens prancing around the ring when finally in the 15th round you get a knockdown. You get all excited, finally something, this must be where it gets good. Only to watch em Pasa Doble into to the 20th round. No'one else mentions this, as if they didn't notice, but this movie is over three hours long. I promise you, you WILL spend well over the first half of that wondering why all the rave. The best part about this movie is the hilariously ridiculous "western" music they dance to. After watching this movie I felt incredibly far removed from Indian culture. One of the main characters wears jean jackets, and fingerless gloves! Think Fonzie, but less cool, and not a caricature. Indians, direct people away from this movie, cause I seriously felt embarrassed for you as I watched it.
bad There could be many things to say about Tarkovsky and his films. The most important (which could be found in many comments ) is that he does not offer us a very clear interpretation , leaving us to guess, wonder and question ourselves.My interpretation of this film is that the whole trip to the Zone and to its core, the Room its a metaphor for the dangerous trip the human soul takes in searching the redemption and finally the Kingdom of Heaven. Stalker (like Jesus) is the one who shows the way to this kingdom - and there are some arguments to this idea. First, before entering the dangerous Zone, he lies on the grass thinking (or praying?), just like Jesus did in the garden of Ghetsimani before being crucified. Stalker is the one who shows who could reach the final point of this trip: not the good or the bad, but the desperate ones. Stalker is the one who fights with the professor (another metaphor for the rational and logical part of our minds) who wants to destroy the Zone, and also Stalker is the one who in the end laments over the lack of will people have to enter the Zone and to believe in its powers.There are so many powerful shots in this film and I choose only some who really got to me: 1. the destroyed tanks in the first part of the trip are for me the communist weapons who tried to destroy the faith and the church in Russia and in the other communist countries. They failed. 2. the objects shown in the water when the 3 heroes sleep near it, the money, the weapon, the tiles under the water describe the precarity of our material world. 3.the water in the film, from the beginning until the end - it is pure poetry. 4. one dialog between the writer an Stalker, the writer is saying: "who needs your room, i don't need your room" - it reminded me the dialog between Ivan Karamazov and Alexei Karamazov, the first saying to the other: "I don't need your God"But this is only one interpretation, and if it would be the only one, we would not be talking about a great great film.
bad As a movie translator, this is by far the most trashy series I've ever had to deal with. I could write a script like that with my left foot while playing Tetris in the middle of the drum'n'bass jam session. I would only watch this show if I wanted to make fun of all the mistakes they make.Boy, where do I start? The script writers and, I guess, nobody else, would check simple math, so the child that was conceived at the same time that the firm was started, ends up a year older than the firm itself (they added 9 months of pregnancy to his age instead of subtracting them). The guy that got himself in trouble blames and haunts his best friend and his family, and still gets sympathy. What the hell? The mother gets behind the wheel with her college student daughter in the car, knowing that she has brain cancer, blacks out and eventually gets them both killed; doesn't express remorse afterwards. The list goes on and on.The characters are shallow, their actions during the episode are not always connected to and justified by their story we find out at the end. No one besides Melinda herself are capable of making logical conclusions and are only revolving around her like planets around the sun. And our good old Melinda sleeps in full makeup, wakes up with perfect hairdo, fries pancakes in her pretty sparkling attire and mysteriously changing clothes 3 times a day (if you see a white dress on her - it means she is about to help a ghost cross over. *My personal observation). Who does that in real life? Stuff like that is not food for your brain, the viewer can't build a logical chain and deduct the truth from the given clues, because there is always another unpredictable vision at the end that turns tables around and the bad guys turn out to be the good guys and visa versa. It gets old, people! If you see someone evil at the beginning - he is sure to be a saint at the end, although he suffocates people, breaks stuff and is accompanied by sharp evil tunes all along the episode. If we are to watch TV, let's go back to Agatha Christie, Arthur Conan Doyle and the Discovery Channel!
bad Initially when i was watching this movie, had great hopes on it. And slowly in my mind i started predicting what happens next. with little insight in my head i realized ... hey the movie is copied from some dumb Bollywood movie. now can u beat that. i thought Bollywood is suppose to have this kind of business line. and the worst thing is they didn't change anything. really a disappointment on that part with the lost of originality. the flow of the movie is good and ya it is funny at times. but i couldn't help my self but rate this movie 1 because of the fact that the story line is not original. save your money and time ..
bad This movie was extremely poorly conceived from every angle except technological. I stood and watched everyone waddle out of the theater, their faces drained like their lives flashed before their eyes -- eyes wandering at their neighbor, wondering if it was just them. I mean, how could the movie really be bad. Nobody'll admit it, it's a classic case of The Emperor Wears No Clothes. "Who am I to question a movie containing a guy who stops a jet liner?" But the fact remains, every member of the audience is thinking what I'm writing right now. I actually plagiarized their faces.Obviously Lois is only aroused by power, she won't even have a cup of coffee with the Superman With Glasses who doesn't stop jet liners. It can't be the look in "his" eyes to the depths of his soul or anything like that. In the old Supermans, she had some level of connection with him, he wasn't priority number 1, obviously, but it strengthened her character that she was "torn". I bet Henry Kissinger would have even won this Lois over before Clark Kent.And now it's official, Kryptonite does to Superman what eating at McDonalds does to the avg. person.SUPERMAN "ONE" He loses his earth dad, then finds his real super dad, the story is captivating every step of the way. He's human, he relates to people and he feels love for people, he relates to highschool students, he relates to people who feel different. He relates. The Superman Returns superman seems to relate only to Superpeople and it seems he's just "doing a job" when he's saving people.There's something about Clark that Lois likes, she's really internally in love with him but can't admit it, and when he comes into the picture as Superman, it throws a kink in the on-the-rocks love. Without Superman, she would've fallen in love with Clark (at least that's what the movie points to, whether it was the intention or not). Superman Returns is a love story between a woman and SUPERMAN, Clark is like a pile of horse maneur to Lois. Literally.SUPERMAN TWO I just watched it again. As a kid, I "thought" I enjoyed the action, but now I know it was the STORY that held me then too, watching it over and over again. If I saw Superman Returns as a child, I would've hated it then too, I think.There is so much heart and soul and superpower going around in this movie, it's sick. Superman gives up his powers for love as a world plot is going on and meanwhile, MEANWHILE, Lex Luther's got something fantastic up his sleeve.SUPERMAN THREE Now there's a three-way love story between Superman and Lana and Clark, only humanity wins and Clark's inner nature beats Superman's power, because when his SUPERmoral nature is gone and he's SuperHUMAN (who does human things with his superpowers), she sees it's not the power of Superman that she's in love with, it's not SUPERpowerman, but SUPERMORTALman that she loves -- and who's really SUPER. And when she tells Clark she "prefers" him to Superman, he is elated, he has made a human connection again. He wants to be accepted for who he is, not just for his ability to bend steel. THIS IS THE KIND OF STUFF THAT'S MISSING FROM SUPERMAN RETURNS.Clark super-sneezes to help the kid get a strike - humanity again. Plus, it's an INERESTING use of superpowers. He's not just using straight brute strength.He crushes the coal into a diamond for his woman because she had to sell hers, love is the only thing that drives him to use his powers other than for saving.It seems there's nothing at stake in Superman Returns. Even in Superman Three, we see the damages caused by the nemesis' world domination plot.. we see suffering, we see how it effects Pryor and others and people in the middle of it.. there's no damage, esp. emotional from Lex's plot to sink the US. We see a glob of crystal thrown into space.. Superman had to get very creative in the first three Supermans in order to stop the plot against him, he couldn't just "access" his superpowers. In the first one, he had to stop two missiles going in different directions and then break his universal mandate and erase history to save Lois' life... (this was THIRTY YEARS AGO!!") In the second one, he had to outsmart three guys that he was already more POWERFUL than, but combined with Lex's genius, and the villains' immoral tactics, Superman's overpowering wasn't enough, he had to work one against the other and outsmart them... In Superman III, again, his superpowers weren't enough to win.. He had to outsmart a computer that calculated everything it saw. He couldn't use straight aggression on the computer because it calculated it in advance, so he had to use a benign acid that would only become deadly to the computer after the computer responded to the aggression. And he found that acid earlier when he couldn't simply use his superpowers to BLOW out a fire because it was a chemical fire, so he had to use his superbrains -- he couldn't carry water, so he froze a lake and dropped it on the fire.. Now in Superman Returns, he simply lunges the island into outerspace, like a night temp for UPS. He doesn't need to figure anything out, he just uses his "super strength". And Lex Luther's brilliance was shown at the premeditation level of a junkie who just ran out of junk.To say nothing of the fact that he threw that island into outerspace after getting stabbed with a KNIFE of kyrptonite right in the bloodstream AND the island itself was dripping kryptonite spores in his face, but he just averted his eyes and nose like it wasn't Grey Poupon he was looking at.
bad Spoiler-Free Review. Easily the worse movie I've seen this year. The 2010 version of Alice in Wonderland wasn't a great movie but at least is was entertaining and even watchable at times. This on the other hand is complete garbage. The plot plays like a last minute fan-fiction story you'll find on Reddit. The acting is unimpressive and screams of "I'm just making this film because of the paycheck." I went into this movie knowing it wasn't going to be as good as the 2010 film but after almost 15 minutes into the film, I started yawning. At least five people started scrolling on their smartphones about halfway into the film and no one cared, in fact we all understood why. I was tempted to pull out my phone and play around but I hate people who do that during a movie and I didn't want to be one of them. Without giving anything away, the biggest problem with the movie isn't the fact that it is boring. Oh God, it is boring af. But no, that isn't the biggest problem. The biggest problem is that it is just stupid. It is like they made this movie for kids who like watching The Minions movies just because the minions act and do dumb things. This movie must have been a last minute rush job. Anyway. On the bright side, this movie is very forgettable.
bad The French original was a scream, which is why they bought the rights. Instead of subtitling the original, they went for a remake à la sauce américaine. Just as in the case of The Vanishing, La Femme Nikita, Un Indien Dans la Ville, Le Grand Chemin and a dozen other films (at least), the remake is just plain awful. Steve Carell is reprising the late and much-regretted role played by Jacques Villeret. While the latter was believable as tax inspector with an interest in building structures out of toothpicks, Carell as a half-looney artistic taxidermist is way over the top. Bollywood made a version which was watchable, but the Hollywood version is a mess.
bad Seriously - this is an absolute shocker.No redeeming features, not even a half decent joke in 100min comedy.I tried, I really really did, probably far harder than the writers.
bad David Bowie introduces the first five minutes of Valerian, and perhaps its fitting we should have the Starman himself lead us into a glimpse of what the future could hold for humans and all interstellar life.By the time Mr. Bowie completes his Space Oddity, we've learned that the titular City of a Thousand Planets is the international space station hundreds of years in the future.suddenly, a peaceful seashell world is decimated without explanation.from there, Valerian and Laureline take over the action as two agents in pursuit of their stolen commander, and everything gets weird from there. Director Luc Besson is his own starman here, and he commands the world of Valerian with pizazz and passion. Not everything works, as our space agents wrestle dialogue that falls pancake flat; but the actors play well off each other and comedic moments succeed more than fail. The ending half of the film loses steam,except for Rihanna's literally acrobatic performance,but Valerian is a bonkers crazy, geeky, and likable space opera that can only come from someone who's imagination is truly free.
bad When you can predict the next move in a scene that is supposed to be thrilling. It ain't so thrilling.The movie was to long. It probably wouldn't hurt cutting it half hour shorter.The villain "Little finger" was stuck in the Little finger role. I rated it 6 before I started writing the review, lowering it to 5.
bad Steven Spielberg makes a unique motion picture in regards to the D-Day invasion of World War II just in the gritty reality of the detail For more than twenty minutes he revives for us the landing at Omaha beach No one was prepared for how horrific it really was No one understood what was going on: The terror, the chaos, the maelstrom of bullets, the near-deafening explosionsYou really got a sense of what these guys had to go through Within that perplexity, the focus settles on six soldiers under the command of Capt. Miller (Tom Hanks) after they've survived their terrible hours breaking through the first line of German defense, they're given a strange perilous mission, to find one man, Pvt. Ryan (Matt Damon), a paratrooper who's somewhere behind German lines For them, it's an abstruse order, but they have to get it doneThroughout the film, Spielberg's attention to detail is amazing For me, the most chilling scene in the movie is the death of an American officer It's one of the most intimate It's also a slightly confusing moment because two German characters resemble each other so greatlyToward the middle, a German soldier called "Steamboat Willie" is introduced By the end of the film, he has become the 'bad' German Later in the movie, another German is involved in the final fight He takes part in an exceedingly painful scene of hand-to-hand combat with the American soldier The two German soldiers have similar short haircuts and black uniforms Because they looked so much alike, many of us have believed that they're one character They're not, and the distinction of the two is very significant
bad There's one obvious thing about "Lost in Space" -- nobody believed in it. Not the actors, most of whom have trouble delivering their idiotic lines (even the brilliant Gary Oldman seems at a loss); certainly not the "creative" personnel, who left the sets, costumes, and film editing as much a hastily cobbled mess as the script; and, sadly, not the special effects engineers.  What should be a SFX extravaganza turns dull and lifeless when the computer-generated effects are this bad -- and there should be no mercy whatever for the creators of that phony CGI monkey-thing, named "Burp" or something similar, obviously inserted in the film to allow Marketing to have a plush doll.  If there's any consolation to sitting through this refuse, it's the certainty that there will be no sequel; there will be no "Burp" doll; the figurines that were made will be in clearance bins by now; and "Lost in Space" will irrevokably harm the careers of all involved.  More comfort than you'll get from "Independance Day"...
bad Sorry for the image, but if you take a bowl of crap, rearrange it, put some sugar and a little cherry on top, what to you get? ... a bowl of crap.This is the most overrated film of all time. I'm even feeling strange to call it a film. It has no story, no feelings, no plot, no music - just 4 different scenes of disgusting, violent, abusive, offending and racist content put together in a mixed sequence.How this crap scores a 9 on IMDb is beyond me. Sometimes when people see a 9 they automatically deceive themselves into believing this is a masterpiece and that maybe if they didn't like it, something is wrong with their opinion or taste. Nothing's wrong. It's a bad movie from beginning to end. The problem is that sometimes Hollywood movies are over-hyped for business reasons like what happened in Titanic and Avatar which by the way were "OK" movies but didn't deserve the huge credit they received.I gave this a 1 because Samuel L. Jackson was the only thing interesting in this disaster. I'm not going to tell those of you that haven't seen it not to, you have to go through the experience on your own and make your fare judgment. Don't listen to anyone's opinion - especially the ones that think if you love this one, then you're COOL!
bad It's based on a true story sort of. Essentially, it began with these two single fellas whose parents complain to them that they're always starting trouble at every party. So in order to stay in line, they are told to find dates for their upcoming sister's wedding in Hawaii. As a joke, they throw an ad up on Craigslist, their description for the essential date looking something like this:  An excuse to get dressed up  Open bar & food all night  Eccentric/downright dangerous bro-2-bro dance moves (may need to sign a waiver)  Adventure  Mystery  Suspense  True LoveRoyalties once our night's story is developed into a romantic comedy**if this happens (we estimate the chances at 85%) we refuse the right to let Ashton Kutcher play either of our characters, however, we will consider him for a supporting role.Next thing they know, they get over 6,000 responses from girls who find them attractive, leading to appearances in talk shows and a series of mock-dates. Fox Studios even made the last part of their ad come true. The unfortunate result is a wild and mean-spirited "comedy" that exists for all the wrong reasons.The two leading males, Mike and Dave, are played by the overly handsome Adam Devine (Mike) and Zac Efron (Dave). Their dates are played by the even more overly attractive Aubrey Plaza (Mike's date) and Anna Kendrick (Dave's date). None of these four young stars are as funny as you'd think they are, and they each resort only to screaming like drunk bozos to spice up the sleazy screenplay. They're all unbearably annoying to watch, Anna Kendrick in particular. The supporting cast was equally as horrible, say for instance Sugar Lyn Beard, who plays the soon-to-be-married sister of Mike and Dave. She's not exactly a "bad actress," she just has this annoying high-pitched voice that doesn't even sound that natural.But that's not even the worst of it. No, the worst is yet to come.There is no story, but rather a series of jokes that drag on and on and on without a clear punchline. Within the hour and thirty-eight minutes you'll need to suffer through, a girl falls off a roof and gets seriously hurt, a building catches fire at a 4th of July party, a grandfather dies at his birthday celebration, a girl gets hit in the face by an all-terrain vehicle and is heavily bruised the day before her wedding rehearsal, and all of these bits are intended to be the most hilarious thing ever. But did I laugh? Well no, but the audience in my screening were hysterical throughout the entire movie, which makes me incredibly worried.Emotional moments of redemption are attempted by the third act, but none of them are earned nor appropriate. The crazy events and dirty jokes all try to meet up in some sort of message about how life is not about getting the big things. Yeah, right. Just the number of "should I really be laughing at this" type of jokes glamorizes the romantic lifestyle rather than attacks it. So therefore, the redemption that this movie tries to get to is complete bull. In the end, Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates becomes exactly how it started as: a joke. It thinks that funny is about being rebellious and mischievous, but there's no way that has any affect in the long run.Overall Grade: F
bad And what a trainwreck it is! I have actually watched a few episodes of 'Inside Amy Schumer', laughing a few times and sitting there confused for most times. I understand how hard it is for a stand-up comic to not only star in, but write a comedy that lasts at least 90 minutes. However, with all my understandings I just didn't like this film. Small parts of it were kind of funny, but the rest of it was like a mashup of ideas that were trying hard to come together.Hader was the only redeeming factor of the film. He acted with intent and knew the role he was playing. All the celebrity cameos (especially from some of the sports stars) seemed strained at the best of times. Amy herself is unrelatable. I don't understand why people are going crazy for her?? Is it because she is a female in a highly male dominated industry? I'm sure she truly is a funny person, but maybe test run these things a bit more before sending them out into the world.
bad I said I would watch this with the hope bringing back some of the fun that I missed in Rescue Me. Wow! Was I wrong. As a retired Lieutenant, I find this show so removed from reality that it's laughable. The Lieutenant acts like a probie. No leadership qualities and no command of the firefighters at the station or on the scene. Doesn't happen! No department would ever allow a Captain to promote their daughter to Lieutenant even temporarily. The first structure fire scene when a dog is rescued, the room is extinguished is 30 seconds and instantly they are able to walk around with nothing smoldering? Every scene was predictable and that never happens in real life. This is more a soap opera than a fire show. Please cancel this ASAP as you are doing a disservice to all firefighters everywhere.
bad This film has only one thing going for it. It's so bad it makes you want to watch it over and over, if for no other reason than to be reminded that most writers in Hollywood are hacks, Elizabeth Shue has made some odd career choices, and Tom Cruise is by far the worst actor on earth. A classic bit of 80s schlock, Cocktail scales the heights of painful stereotypes with Cruise attempting yet another pass at what has become his trademark role, the "young turk trying to make it his own way". Witness, if you must, Bryan Browns turn as the boozy, oversexed mentor, hell bent on creating self destruction and a vortex that pulls everyone else down with him. Then see Kelly Lynch garishly swathed in an animal skin that's almost as dead as her acting. And finally Gina Gershon parades through momentarily if only to remind us that this film can't be saved by gratuitous soft porn. The saving grace is that so many of these grindhouse flops were made in the 80s that they have almost come to represent the worst of that decade.
bad Yes, talk about bad sequels. Rick Moranis stars in this awful third sequel to the once-funny-and-entertaining "Honey I Shrunk the Kids". The concept basically plays the same way as the first film, but with the adults instead of the kids being shrunk and the inner house instead of the garden as the universe to explore. If you think this sounds interesting, think again. The movie is boring at best, right down an embarrassment at worst.First of all, the continuity of the series has been completely flushed down the toilet. The only remaining actor of the first movie is apparently Rick Moranis. The actress playing his wife has changed, the actors playing the kids have changed, the ones playing the neighbors have changed... you name it. They try to make us believe this is the same family, but the results are puzzling to say the least.Second, the story is a rehash of the first one, with not one bit of originality. All the few jokes (and there's barely any) and the dangerous situations presented in the movie are just copied straight from "Honey I Shrunk the Kids".Third problem, the special effects. I'm sure this has been done on a smaller budget, but they are pathetic, way way worse than the ones appearing in the rest of the series. You're supposed to admire in awe these tiny figures exploring the huge domestic area, but you'll probably end up cringing most of the time.Fourth problem, to locate the action inside the house is just boring. Only few things happen, and when they happen, they are not thrilling at all. The first movie was amusing because the kids were dealing with nature, the grass, and the bugs that live in it. In this one, the adults (which come up as rather boring, compared to the kids) deal with dust, a cockroach and a cockroach trap. Disgusting.I don't know why the idea of releasing such a trite sequel to the already moribund series appealed Disney's executives, except maybe because they needed to cash in without spending five minutes thinking about something new. I'm warning you: leave this tasteless cash-in garbage where it should stay: getting dust on the shop's shelves.
bad My god, that was AWFUL. Just random made-for-trailer tiny scenes that add to nothing, have zero depth and don't make up a coherent plot. Wall-to-wall inappropriate songs that come at random times. Boring plot (if you can even call it that), boring and indistinguishable flat characters. Harley Quinn was annoying. Jared Leto did his best as The Joker but had absolutely nothing to work with - he just appears at random times for a few seconds and disappears. There's no depth and no story. If you've seen the trailers, you basically saw all the one-liners and "money shots".If all that isn't enough, the last third of the movie is simply unwatchable.I don't think David Ayer is a bad director (I liked HARSH TIMES and FURY), but this is definitely his worst movie yet and I'm pretty sure it's due to massive pressure from the producers.
bad There is nothing surprising in this movie, except the 0 % accuracy of the enemy troops. You can anticipate what is going to happen, and even what they are going to say.
bad Yes, worstest. It was horrible and cringe-worthy. Jokes were not funny, there was no plot and story-line seems to be written by a juvenile retard. The movie was dragging on for eternity with unwarranted scenes, unfunny punch lines, over-acting, ridiculous jokes & cringe-worthy scenes The monkey scenes was as funny as Saddam Hussein. The rest of the movie was downhill from the already rock-bottom opening scene. I cannot even fathom the reason why this movie was created.I would rather be dragged naked by my legs through a cactus patch than watch this movie again.0/10
bad "Music is your own experience, your own thoughts, your wisdom. If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn. They teach you there's a boundary line to music. But, man, there's no boundary line to art." Charlie Parker sums it all, Cinema is true Art. I wasn't expecting to feel this way after watching this movie. Every moment has tension and something unexpected occurring. It is as if the director had chosen to apply the tempo of the drums to the script. Anyone can relate to this story. We all have pursued a dream, a passion ... Rather or not we made it our everyday job or maybe just a hobby aside, some of us strive for something bigger. This film is a journey in the search of your inner spirit, inner creativity ... not only will it make it clear that you cannot succeed without effort and hard work, it will also make you realize there are two different kinds of artists : - those who make art, - and those who make beautiful art"Beautiful" because they are stimulated by a special strength within, a GIFT. Is it because I reminisce N.Y.C. or that I play the drums? I simply believe the performances were astonishing and the actors perfectly chosen to embody these terrific characters. I won't say "good job" but rather "thank you", to the promising Franco-American director Damien Chazelle﻿ for sharing his vision.
bad This movie is absolutely terrible.Imagine melting a 4kg ball of Edam, a 12kg slab of cheddar and 47 cases of mozzarella, it still wouldn't be anywhere near as cheesy as this piece of drivel.I was dragged along to see it and for the entire time I sat there wondering if this was some kind of sick joke I wasn't in on.The effects were decent but lets be honest, which movie doesn't have decent effects nowadays? The acting is absolutely horrific, the rock has the acting ability of a disabled fox and I wanted the two English toff kids to die every time they appeared on the screen.The girl in it, although very attractive, has the personality of a sprout.Bah! if anyone offers to watch this movie in your presence please punch them in the face.The ending where the rock says something like "now we rebuild" and the American flag unfurls in the wind made me want to spew my popcorn all over the cinema floor.Avoid at all costs.
bad Another year, another awful horror film with Blumhouse's name slapped all over. I give them a bit more slack since they did produce Get Out, (and they will not let you forget that) but it seems as though they specialize in bringing mind numbingly bad films to theaters. Truth or Dare is no different. Truth or Dare follows a group of 30 year olds trying to play college students taking a spring break trip to Mexico. On their last night, they wind up in an odd place playing and even odder game of truth or dare. Thinking it's all a joke, they return home to find out that the sinister game has followed them home. The premise of this film is the only positive thing about it. I believe this movie could have been executed into a somewhat decent film if it had competent people working on it. Right of the bat however, it is obvious that competence was lacking during the production of this film. The first scene of the film features segments that are poorly shot, poorly acted, and poorly written, ( a hat trick of mediocrity if you will) and it just gets worse from there. After the first scene, we're introduced to our protagonists for the runtime. Not only are they poorly acted across the board, but they also happen to be the worst group of friends ever. Throughout the film, we find out secrets from our characters that only seem to make them even more insufferable than they already were. By the end, I didn't care at all what happened to them and mostly wondered why they were all even friends to begin with. A big problem this film has is that it's blatantly apparent how edited down the movie is. It's obvious that this was supposed to be an R-rated film that producers knew would make more money if it was PG-13. This robs the experience of a lot of punch it could've had. If they had gone all the way with some of the death scenes, there could have been a redeeming quality here, but instead we get hacked down cutscenes. A character slits their throat and in the following shot, there's no cut on the character's neck. Some interesting gore effects could have partly saved the monotony of many of the death scenes.However, the biggest issue here has to be the writing. Character's motivations and actions are fairly obvious and predictable when they make sense. Then there are moments where things just happen for no reasons or characters due things with little reasoning, and whatever reasoning is given is often very flawed logic or makes no sense. Twists and turns can be seen coming from a mile away. The film is mostly just bland. Then there are times when the film takes a comedic turn albeit unintentionally but still nonetheless hilarious. Bad acting, bad line reading, corny dialogue or bad editing often culminate into you trying your hardest to not bust out into laughter. This film is a baffling case of filmmaking gone horribly wrong.That being said, I can't say that I didn't enjoy my time with this movie. It's god awful in every technical sense imaginable and presents no good scares, but it's probably the funniest film I've seen this year. If you're looking for the next movie to make you tense up in your seat from fear, stay far away from here. Although if you're bad film you can constantly get a laugh from, Truth or Dare may be right up your alley. Like The Bye Bye Man before it, Truth or Dare is a train wreck of a film that fails in almost every aspect except in making the audience unintentionally die from laughter.
bad One of the best movies I've ever seen. Beautiful, deep, true, adventurous, sad, occasionally funny, real, at times very touching. Based on a real-life novel, it is written and directed by Sean Penn. I have always loved the movie work of Sean Penn. Congratulations and thank you to Mr. Penn on giving me a few hours of though-provoking delight. Can you say Oscar? This movie says it loud and clear! The story; Christopher McCandless, just graduated from college in the early 1990s, goes off on an adventure. He is smitten with books he readsThoreau, London, Byron. He wants no money, so he gives his to needy causes or burns it. Chris is cocky, driven, industrious. He is traumatized by his parents' bad marriage. He tries to work through his anguish. He seems determined to destroy himself just to prove that he has different values than his parents. He is inconsiderate of his family and keeps them worried about his whereabouts and safety, as if a single reassuring phone call would ruin his rebellion. He fancies himself a philosopher, but acts the petulant child. It is a great credit to the film that we see these character flaws in our hero. Off on the road, he makes a number of foolish choices  and suffers from some of them. Other foolish choices, such as daring to kayak a rapid river, bring him joy. He meets a lot of people and almost all are kind to him. His interactions with people are intense, the kind you have when you are planning to run off and disappear while you are still a mysterious entity. He avoids getting too close to anyone.The movie is gorgeous. Mountains, plains, sky, rivers, animals. The acting is fantastic, totally believable. The actors are incredible and perfectly cast  Catherine Keener as an aging hippie vagabond, Vince Vaughn as a wacky farmer growing who knows what, William Hurt as Chris' potbellied suburbanite dad, Marcia Gay Harden as the type of mom who breeds children who wants to run off to the wilderness to escape from her. Emile Hirsch plays Chris, and does a great job of it. When an actual photo of the real Chris McCandless comes on screen, we see that Hirsch resembles him. Original songs by Eddie Vedder give the right feel  that of a well-to-do young white man heading out on a chosen adventure, getting gritty by choice. His goal is to get to Alaska, but on the way there, he hits many other states and Mexico, too.Chris is a clueless kid from the warm South. He plans to go to Alaska, yet only arrives with any needed equipment because kind folks force it upon him  a machete, warm clothes, rubber boots. He's highly educated and gets good grades, yet, early on his trip, ignores a big sign that warns of flash floods. That prepares us that we are going to wince many times at his low level of common sense, while at the same time reveling in his physical strength and willingness to press on. At one point, Chris passes through Los Angeles. He is dirty, hungry, tired, and goes to a downtown mission shelter. The other men there are also dirty, hungry, and tired, but not of their own choosing. It is not their adventure, it is their life. He realizes fast that he does not want to feel categorized with men who are in dire straits due to misfortune and not due to following their own adventure. The movie shows Chris as an honorable young man. I do not want to give away any of the plot, so I'll just say  the young man has principles and so does the movie.A few parts of the movie confused me. After Chris's college graduation, he meets h is parents at a restaurant. He brings with him a lovely young woman, obviously his date. Weirdly, it turns out that she is his sister! There is more confusion when Chris picks up work on a farm run by Wayne, the Vince Vaughn character. What are they growing or doing? What's up? There is an unintentionally funny scene where an old man tells Chris that he does not have time for adventures because he is too busy with leather. I thought the old guy was confessing being into whips and chaps. But no, he has a workshop where he tools leather. There were a couple spots where the editing distracted from the movie. I saw a preview; maybe it was a rough cut. There's a scene on the farm where a triple screen is used  like a cheesy commercial. Another scene, where Chris is eating an apple, is a series of jump cuts, which I really liked. It seemed an homage to French auteur filmmakers. But it ends with Chris mugging at the camera. With it, Sean Penn breaks the believability and acknowledges that yes, this is just us making a movie. There is another part where Chris is in a car with the older man who is dropping him off. As they pull up, there is an inexplicable cutaway shot of what looks to be the head of a cannon. Much of the movie is like a travel montage or music video involving mountains and sky. The scenes are so beautiful. I know people that have elements of Chris in them. And I think I've met all the characters he runs into out on the road.
bad The original "Now You See Me" was riveting; the sequel is ridiculous. The original did a perfect job of blurring the line between magic as an illusion and magic as supernatural. "2" in a futile attempt to top the original, crosses the line into puerile preposterousness. "2" was in fact so inane that I can't even summon the enthusiasm to write a review panning it. I wasted over two hours watching this...I'm not wasting any more time writing about it.
bad Movie starts by good story, and keeps you waiting for transportation of candidates to the Titan. But more movie goes on, the tempo of story becomes slower. Ending of the movie is not what you may expect.After movie finished, you will understand all training (running and underwater keeping breath) were absolutely pointless! because you were waiting to see candidates are going to do something special with those trainings on Titan, but it never happens!There are some bad goofs, such as at the end of the movie you see Rick Janssen (Sam Worthington) on the Titan, the moon of Saturn, but at the background you can see the Saturn with it's ring! It shows the Titan as a planet far from Saturn.Another one: There are several hidden cameras all over candidates' houses, but there is not any security camera at the office of head of the operation! (where there is classified top-secrets documents!), as well as the door of his office hasn't any secure lock or even simply wasn't lock!By the way, from my view it wasn't interesting movie, but could be.I hope, one day, all countries agree for a law to protect viewers' money and time. Something like "refund law"! Because some authors and directors really insult our intelligence.
bad if you wanna go and see this movie, please expect nothing but frustrating, dazing, predictable outcome action, and then just when you think the movie is ending you get an extra 30-45 minutes of the same action same explosions, same cars and faces doing the same thing they did during the whole first half of the movie. Do not expect any engaging drama or any plot of any kind, but here's the story: post apocalypse, no water (yet there are hundreds of people alive and working), no fuel (yet they all have it in their vehicles), women escaping – women returning back the same day. What a plot! Visually it was stunning, but that's all you get.
bad A film with little substance or meaning. Zero plot, zero character development and zero fulfillment after watching. Cardboard actors, poor plot line (wasteland zombie survival by inexperienced 'teens' with luck on their side). I simply cannot understand why Hollywood can continue to churn out such condescending and boring films like this which cost a fortune to make (wow - must be good if cost $100million!). I can only think that Hollywood marketing overrules common sense of young adults whom Hollywood execs think are easy to hoodwink to pay and watch tripe like this. It's up to you, but if you go and watch this and waste your money watching the same, then don't blame me for not warning you. Total garbage and about 2 out of 10 from a film lover with 35 years viewing experience.
bad "Fifty Shades of Grey" is based on a badly written book, so why someone thought they could make a decent film out of it is beyond me. Actually I don't think anyone believed they could make a good film, the producers just wanted the money that would come in from all people who for reasons known only to themselves read the book.I had a free ticket and I had to go in order to do a story on it. Bottom line, I'm not doing a story on it.Okay, here's the problem, and this is what breaks my heart. We no longer know what good or great is. I am no follower of Ayn Rand, but in The Fountainhead, she predicted the rise of mediocrity, mediocrity being considered great and the norm we shoot for. It only stands to reason that at this point, some things can't even rise to that sad level. This isn't mediocre, it's pathetic. I can't believe there are people complimenting the actors. But then I can, because they have come to accept mediocrity. Something I fight against with all my heart.There is one other problem. The book sucked; in order to like it, one had to use his or her imagination. The success of this book lay in the fantasy aspect. Sometimes imagination is more powerful than just about anything and can give you an erotic experience. This film doesn't fulfill the most inane imagination, let alone someone who really has a wild and creative one. The only fantasy it can give you is how fast you can get out of the theater.There were people around me laughing. The ones who weren't left, and from what I found out in the lobby, actually demanded and got their money back. When was the last time you saw people leaving a movie in the middle? I'm not sure I've ever seen it, and I'll guess I've been going to movies longer than a lot of you.I lament the loss of artistic soul, of creativity, of going for the best. I miss the days when Billy Wilder was a writer and a filmmaker. What are we left with but a horrible book written on a first grade level and the resulting bad movie.
bad I and two friends of mine spent a lot of money between us to watch this movie today on the day of its release. Apart from wanting to watch Deepika, I had enjoyed the original XXX movie (this one is a sequel), plus I am a huge fan of Vin Diesel.However I came out of the theatre in a state of total shock! In my life I have watched thousands of movies, be it from Hollywood or Bollywood or from other parts of the country and the world. But today, and I am putting this down in writing, I got to see the worst movie of my entire life so far!! Yes really, I know what I am saying! So please please please ... try not to watch this movie ... it is so bad that it will make you want to cry. Or it will actually put you to sleep, like with the guy behind us in the theatre who was actually snoring within the first half hour itself!The movie has no story. It is not exciting as action films are meant to be, because the action itself is very cartoonish and very boring. It does not even have a proper climax, because it doesn't actually have a real villain who can pose a bit of a challenge to the hero! Yes it has several stunts, but you get to see most of them in the various trailers of this movie on YouTube. Let me put it another way: the best action scenes in this film are very very bad copies of scenes from the Matrix movies, and the two James Bond movies GoldenEye and Die Another Day. Plus the direction too is horrible, which results in many dialogues not being properly audible, poorly lit scenes, extremely erratic editing, poor acting ... or no acting, cos a lot of guys simply standing around doing nothing is not really acting ... this list is endless!Last but not the least: Deepika Padukone! Though I have always liked her until now, I still say it is not worth spending money to go and see her in this movie. Firstly her English sounds terrible over here. I have earlier heard Deepika speak English on TV and she sounds smart enough. So why is she speaking with a distinct South Indian accent in this movie ... when her name here is Serena Unger and not Meenamma from Chennai Express ... I mean could she not point out to the director that it would sound ridiculously out of place? Also her role is pretty small and her character is poorly etched out ... and so she doesn't really get a chance to act. And as for her looks in this movie, well, she easily looks much more prettier or glamorous in most of the Hindi films that she has starred in.So is this a movie review? Naw, it is more of a warning! Because XXX: Return of Xander Cage is so bad that it is not even a time pass movie. I score it a 1 ... out of 1000!
bad I could not even finish the first episode! Chicago Fire is way better, this show has terrible acting, odd couples and plain boring!!! Cancel this show now!!
bad Honestly it was so hard to get through this movie... One poor scene after another., where nothing made sense.The woman kept beating his ass to the ground, yet she always left him in a fine state ready to overtake her again, until the end where she turns into some kind of monster.I have no idea how this movie keeps a score above 3, which would still be a kindness.
bad I remember seeing this in my childhood and being extremely impressed with it. Some scenes have stayed with me all this time. However, revisiting "Heat" 17 years later was a disappointment. The story looks far fetched and riddled with clichés and improbabilities.The main problem is with the selling point, which is of course the "Al Pacino- De Niro relationship". Here's the problem: no cop who does this job out of conviction could possibly respect/admire a criminal, especially one who has killed other police officers. So the ending is absurd and downright ludicrous. The famous coffee-shop scene that Pacino and De Niro share is ridiculous and pointless, entirely made for us, the viewers. At the public request, we present you Pacino and De Niro, face to face! The clash of the titans! Not only there is no way in hell that a committed policeman would casually sit and chat with a criminal over coffee, but what they have to say is so silly – sharing thoughts about their messed-up private lives? Pacino trying to talk De Niro out of the bank robbery business? Seriously? Such a lame excuse to deliver the much anticipated De Niro- Pacino "moment"... The writing is terrible in this scene, as De Niro is also restating something he'd said earlier, therefore diminishing the impact of that line. Another example of bad writing and poor characterization is a scene where Jon Voight warns De Niro about Pacino's tenacity.The constant shift to everybody's private lives was annoying and turned the whole thing into a crime-opera cheesefest. How many times have we seen the "frustrated cop's wife" act? And who cares about the bank robber's problems with his beloved wife, whom he occasionally cheats on? Oh, yeah, bank robbers are capable of love too. Touching! Talking about unlikelihood, De Niro's "romance" was laughable, and so was the transformation of an innocent librarian into an accessory to murder. The way Amy Brenneman switches from horror at what De Niro did to the "Oh, well, he's cute anyway" is hysterical. Moral relativism is an interesting topic for sure, but not here. There are moments that we're supposed to find moving, like the miscast Ashley Judd shedding a tear on the balcony or the cop hero Pacino holding hands with a criminal... What a joke.The movie does contain some entertaining moments (although highly improbable), like the robbery scene. There's no way the Police would get into a shootout like that with so many civilians around. The suicide attempt scene is unnecessary and forced, and there are other flaws and extremely far-fetched/illogical scenes throughout, like DeNiro & the gang gracefully passing through police check-points without even wearing a disguise, just hours after the bloody robbery."Heat" is fairly entertaining only if you can ignore its inconsistencies and plot holes. The more I watch, the more I find it insulting to one's intelligence. I know it's "just a movie", but come on... it's a 3-hour movie, and such an amount of implausible developments make suspension of disbelief pretty hard. I swear, if Pacino had shed a tear in the end, I would have rated "Heat" with 10 stars and put it on my all time favorite "so bad they're good" list.
bad "The Book of Henry" has the potential to become a cult classic. There's a subset of people for whom the shambolic plot of this film will scratch their itch. Underneath all the autumn leaf clutter and heartwarming kitchen scenes, there's an unfortunate message about girls and about sexual assault victims. Warning: this review will reveal the ending of "The Book of Henry." TBOH starts out in one of those idyllic towns you only see in middlebrow American films. No one has a regional accent. There are wooded hillsides all around, and scenic waterfalls, and quilts on couches. You can tell that characters are meant to be coded "poor" or "working class" because they are wearing Goodwill clothing, but they manage to live in big Victorians on lots of wooded property. If this were a real town in contemporary America, I'm afraid it would be one of those places with a high opiate abuse rate. Susan (Naomi Watts) is a single mom of two adorable boys, Henry and Peter. Susan is a waitress, she drinks too much, and she is addicted to video games. Susan's best friend Sheila (Sarah Silverman) is a sharp-tongued lush with a heart of gold and cleavage so low we can see her heart beating. Henry is a genius and has the personality, not just of a mature man, but actually of a saint or a Bodhisattva or Cary Grant, the angel character in "The Bishop's Wife." Henry spends his time hanging out in a treehouse designed by Norman Rockwell on acid, creating Rube Goldberg machines, and amassing hundreds of thousands of dollars – and he talks to his broker on a pay phone. Where are there still pay phones? Wouldn't a boy genius have a cell phone? At first you think, okay, this is going to be like a Steven Spielberg boy's true adventure film. An "ET" crossed with a tad of homebound Thelma and Louise. But no. Henry looks out his window and concludes, from what he sees, that the next-door neighbor, Glenn, is sexually molesting his step-daughter, Christina. Uh, oh. This has just turned into an educational film about the horrors of child abuse and incest. Or maybe a Eugene O'Neill style family horror story. Well, there's a fleeting few seconds of that, but then Henry is hiding in a gun store, learning how to buy illegal weapons. Okay, this is quite the roller coaster ride. You don't even have time to make sure you have fastened the safety latch when Henry suddenly develops a bad headache and worse vision. Henry goes into seizures. It's a disease of the week movie! No, wait! A handsome surgeon steps in to operate, and to make eyes at Naomi Watts who, yes, is still in the movie. Is this going to be a romance film? Where does this train stop? Henry dies. Just like that. The titular character is dead, halfway into this PG family story / unsuitable for children incest story / true crime story. His death is so quick and so subtle I didn't realize he was dead until Susan is shown mourning by obsessively baking brownies while wearing a chocolate-stained apron. This is where the "Book of Henry" of the title comes in. Note that "Book of Henry" sounds like a Biblical book. That's because Henry is now dead and doing good deeds from the afterlife. Susan discovers that Henry left a notebook with a detailed plan for her to murder her next- door neighbor, Glenn. So now we are back to this being a Hitchcockian story. But it never goes there. It never does what suspense or true crime or horror films do. It continues to play as if it were a wholesome, small town Americana comedy. The sight of Naomi Watts going from chocolate-stained apron to staring down the sights of an illegal automatic weapon with a silencer in a PG movie chilled my blood. Susan comes within seconds of following her dead son's macabre / wholesome plan to its final, murderous / humanitarian end, but then she can't bring herself to pull – or as Henry would have it – squeeze the trigger. She merely informs Glenn that she is on his tail, and Glenn kills himself. Susan then adopts Christina and puts Christina in the same bedroom that Henry had previously occupied – with her other son, Peter. No doubt there will be a sequel on how one of these two needs to be killed for a subsequent incest flare-up. And the whole thing is meant to be heartwarming and kind of funny. Sheesh. It's hard to talk about this train wreck of a film in any serious way, but. Christina, the incest victim, says almost nothing in the movie. She is silent. The obvious thing for Susan to do, even before buying a high-powered rifle, would be to get Christina alone, away from her stepfather, with an authority figure and encourage her to tell her own story. In this Hollywood movie, a dead boy is the master puppeteer for his adult mother, who is merely a marionette, and that dead boy is more verbal than a live girl. And that's a disgusting and dangerous message.
bad i don't wanna be harsh but the only word that can describe this show is "bullshit". after watching 15min of pilot i was literary sleeping. act was so bad, poor effects . wtf was those punches. even i skipped this recent cross over episode with flash. i think they should start over with new crew
bad Over the last decade, we have seen a number of superhero movies get a much needed reboot. After the atrocious Batman & Robin, Batman was brilliantly brought back to the big screen in Batman Begins. When the Spider-Man franchise hit an embarrassing rock bottom with Spider-Man 3, it was reinvigorated with the very likable The Amazing Spider-Man. Eight years on from the dud that was Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer and it's time that Marvel's first family got a reboot. With a lot of rumours flying around about trouble on set and the studio not seeming to have total confidence in their product, could 2015's Fantastic Four do these iconic comic-book characters justice?Reed Richards (Miles Teller) is a brilliant young scientist on the verge of discovering how to both transport matter to another dimension and bring it back. Recruited by Professor Franklin Storm (Reg E. Cathey), Reed is given the resources and help, in the form of Sue Storm (Kate Mara), Victor Von Doom (Toby Kebbell) and Johnny Storm (Michael B. Jordan), to to finish what he started in his younger years.When they finally crack inter-dimensional travel, Reed invites his childhood friend Ben Grimm (Jamie Bell) to travel to another world along with him and his team. An accident causes their physical form to drastically change. Reed, Sue, Johnny and Ben must learn to harness their powers and work as a team to stop Victor, who is hell bent on destroying Earth.The one thing that stood out to me about Fantastic Four is just how unbelievably dull it is. For characters who have such a rich and colourful history in the comics, this really is a pretty drab affair. The film only has a 100 minute runtime however, it feels much longer, dragging its feet and feeling very tired right from the very start.When a superhero movie gets less exciting after they get their powers, something is very very wrong.I had some hope for this film and one of the main reason was down to the fact that Josh Trank was sat in the director's chair. Trank hit the big time with Chronicle, a film that combined the superhero genre with found footage. I can't express just how disappointed I am with Trank because everything about Fantastic Four is just so sloppy.The story is weak, the script is cringeworthy and the special effects are average at best. It all culminates in one of the most boring finales you will ever witness in a superhero movie. Compared to what else you see happen in other superhero movies these days, it all looks and feels amateur.Then there are the performances. Miles Teller, Kate Mara, Michael B. Jordan, Jamie Bell and Toby Kebbell are all young actors who have the world at their feet. They have each impressed in their own way prior to Fantastic Four but every single one of them has the range of the cast in Tim Story's Fantastic Four films and waste their talents in Trank's reboot.Fantastic Four is a film very much out of time and place in today's market of superhero movies. Ten or fifteen years ago a studio might have been able to get away with it but not today. Audiences like to be entertained and with the competition offering much more excitement, I don't see audiences taking to this, at all.
bad what a complete waste of time - read all the wonderful reviews that are misleading, obviously these are the people that go to Disneyland about 20 times a year - incredibly slow paced, especially after "JOY" & "SADNESS" get sucked into another dimension where they befriend Bing Bong, Riley's imaginary friend. Wow - it took forever. Bing Bong is the films JAR JAR BINKS, just so annoying and irritating. This is a definite G rated film. I did not see any adult themes whatsoever. This movie makes Winnie The Pooh look like a horror film. This is for 12 year old girls. Parents are so delusional(thanks for the positive reviews Mom & Dad)
bad The fact that the raid also took out most of the Ugandan Air Force on the ground was never mentioned. And in the final credits and 'what then happened' there was no mention of the fact that the Air France captain was awarded the Legion d'honneur , and the rest of crew received gallantry medals for staying with their passengers throughout, was not mentioned. That will not go down well in France. The dance routine 'overlay' of the actual raid is both ridiculous and overdone. The political slanting of the whole has been well covered by others.
bad It's astounding how bad "Huntsman: Winter's War" is. From the preposterous title (it would appear that the story occurs in springtime, and that the one battle in the film is a tiny 10-person battle in a throne room) to the absolute lack of reason, sense, or skill, this coldly-received sequel to an already flawed film (Snow White & the Huntsman) is like finding a diamond in the rough in terms of bad movies. In a way it's almost good how bad it is. Almost.The movie is narrated by Liam Neeson with empty phrases like "lands to the North" and "the Good Queen built a fortress around her heart." We meet the Evil Queen from the first movie (the absurdly over-the-top Charlize Theron who is the only fun role in the film) and her sister, Elsa -- I mean Freya, a woman who's heart was broken and uses her ice powers to turn her hair white, adopt an icy wardrobe, and reign in an ice castle on top of a mountain. Her ultimate character arc is the discovery that love can ultimately be a good thing. She didn't even have to sing "Let It Go" to figure it out.Simultaneously we have a remake of "Braveheart" occurring, as we meet the Huntsman (Chris Hemsworth reprising his titular role) and his love affair with fellow huntswoman, Sara (with an off-again on-again Scottish accent). Declaring their love for one another in a forbidden encounter, the Huntsman all but states that he "wants to raise crops and God- willing a family" with his new lover. A stroke of misfortune leads him to believe Sara is brutally murdered, and thus the war is launched. I mean the battle that takes place in the last 3 minutes of the movie.In reality, the plot seems to be about the group of heroes (the Huntsman, some of the dwarfs from the first film (whoever wanted to come back, I guess), and some other female dwarfs) on the hunt for the Magic Mirror, hoping to find it before Evil Queen Freya reclaims it for herself. Like the ruby slippers, it's said to have dangerous powers, but I am sure as hell unaware of what those powers could be (aside from being able to judge the hotness level of women like a caddy bitch). Why this is so important is never explained, nor are any of the plot details seemingly relevant at any one point. The story is vapid, lifeless, thrown together. As I was watching this film, things kept happening, but overall nothing was occurring. I began to doubt the reasoning for this movie's existence other than an attempts for a cash grab (the original made over $400 million in sales... This one barely made $160 million against a budget of $115 million. Ouch).If you need an example of what is wrong with the Hollywood system right now, then "Huntsman" seems to be a textbook example. From the overly-choreographed fight scenes, Lord of the Ring's-inspired mythology (which seems to be the standard for fantasy films nowadays), and the rehashing of characters both living and dead with no regard to story (how many times can Charlize Theron come back to life without absolutely flushing brain power down the toilet?), the film churns along from one predictable beat to the next, and by the time it ends it's hard to remember that there are actually decent movies made anymore. To watch "Huntsman: Winter's War" is to lobotomize a part of your brain. Movies can be art, and they can be moving, and they can be thrilling. This movie is the cinematic equivalent of expired milk.
bad When this movie first arrived in trailers, I like so many adults, who have become fans through our children was excited. We could overlook Pierce Brosnan playing Chiron which gets both the age and nature of the character wrong. We could overlook the character of Percy obviously being older than the books stated age of twelve, however almost everything else was so far removed from the books that have become so popular including storyline, that this movie should not even be allowed to carry the "based on the books" tag. The characters were completely miscast, the storyline was a weak abominational blend of books one and two..... kind of..!He (Chris Columbus) invented places for the movie to go that have nothing to do with the story in its origination, he omitted too many details that are so pertinent to the actual storyline that it may be impossible for any new director (and I believe if future films are to take place a new Director IS NECESSARY) to repair the damage that has been done.For a story that has millions of fans who will be buying tickets to movies for a very long time, this does heavy damage to Chris Columbus's reputation as evidenced by post movie chatter in which most if not all was incredibly negative. Negative both to the movie as a whole and to Chris Columbus personally. Many there seem to believe he did the same to the Potter movies he has been involved with and feel at this point anyway that they will think twice before seeing another movie with his name attached to it. Lets' face it, as one young fan said, "not sticking completely to a Potter book...understandable, they are 1,000 pages each...Not coming close on a book 350 pages long...not forgivable." So, if you are going to see this movie because of the wonderful scenes in St. Louis, Denver, The Santa Monica pier, or to see his step father get his, etc etc etc etc save your money, they are not in there. Neither is Clarissa, Lukes scar, Mr. D, Aries, Kronos, and so on. If you would like to see a movie that completely rewrites the creation of Rick Riordan, then by all means, spend your money on a mildly entertaining theft of a wonderful idea.
bad Seriously disappointing performance by Brad Pitt and Q T, the plot is very superficial and lame, and, unless indirectly intended, this film actually glorify the Nazis and portrays them as men of honor, and show that the Jewish people are deceiving, cant keep promises and bloody vicious. ((THE FOLLOWING CONTAINS SPOILER)) Hitler together with the most notorious Nazis are attending a stupid plot less movie about the killing of 300 Italian soldiers in a small cinema theater in Paris is unbelievably ridiculous. the Nazis laughing and hooraying each killing in the movie as if watching a basketball game STUPID, the deal at the end is lame. whats really appalling is that the movie earned great reviews and is ranked here in the 40s amongst the greatest 250 films. will not be surprised if it harvested many awards, including Oscars, as well. the movie is simply a kissing ass to the Jewish people, but hey reconsider, its not even doing a great job doing that. it truly dwarfed the whole Nazi - Jews conflict and a pure insult to all who fought and suffered from the tyranny of the Nazis.
bad If you want to feel the tension between Israel and Palestine in an old context, 1976, but a contemporary resonance, then see 7 Days in Entebbe, a well-told fictionalized docudrama about the hijacking of an Air France flight from Tel Aviv to Paris by The Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine and Germans sympathetic to the cause. Director Jose Padilla puts you realistically in the crowded Ugandan terminal and on the tarmac with pirates and soldiers and a crazed Idi Amin (Nonso Anozle) for grim color.Although this story is a combination of history and fiction, the sense is that writer Gregory Burke got it right. Join Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin (Lior Ashkenazi) as he spars with defense minister Shimon Peres (Eddie Marsan) about the right strategy for saving the hostages. The film does well translating the agonizing decisions, against a backdrop of limited time and a time-honored Israeli tradition not to negotiate with terrorists. Never is it easy, and the decision will be fraught with contradictions.The rescue by the commandoes in the Israeli Defense Force is told here with chilling clarity that defines the brave troops saving more than a hundred civilians. As the director cuts between the Israeli war room and the hostage situation, he lets us witness the tension between lead hijackers: sympathetic German, Boni (Daniel Bruhl); and hardcore revolutionary Brigitte (Rosamund Pike). Although in real life their arc may not have moved so easily to resisting killing hostages, here the film nudges them into humanism without letting the audience forget they are still revolutionaries and the circumstances toxic. 7 Days in Entebbe is a way of experiencing terrorism and territoriality up close and personal.
bad This has to be the most degrading show on television. Not in a physical sense but in a mental sense. The female characters are beyond naive and ignorant and the male characters are down right jerks. As a female who not that long ago was a teen, I felt like I was hurting the human race by giving this ratings. What a way to put down American teens. This is NOT the secret life of the American teenager. What a way to generalize. The main character Amy is made out to be some innocent damsel in distress who gets pregnant her very first time with a guy. While yes you can get pregnant your first time. Most teens who have kids have had sex more then once. Most of them, though made stupid decisions also weren't as naive as Amy. It's insulting. Teens know how to get pregnant and they certainly know how NOT to get pregnant. It is a choice they're making. This show makes Amy out to be so innocent she didn't know she was having sex. What??? I can hear teens now using that excuse after seeing this. Why are guys always the jerks. They make it seem like all of the problems on the show are the fault of the male characters. The female characters eat up everything the male characters feed to them as if they are so easily coaxed and have no minds of their own. They make the male characters to be out only for themselves with nothing else on their minds but to coax these "innocent" females who don't know any better. Please, females aren't stupid. In this day and age, we're strong, intelligent beings. Men aren't the enemy and they aren't all out for themselves. Save your dignity and self respect by NOT watching this trash.
bad The Griswald's go on a road trip across America to Wally World in California.OMG - How awful was this, a painfully dumb grind from start to finish of one appalling mistimed gag followed by yet another, the humour (Question Mark) is gross out or just vulgar and nasty or fudged bad taste, this film is not even competent enough to pull off the lowest of comedy. The opening credits were the best of this film after that it was all, way down hill. I remember with some affection the original but this remake is a travesty. The lead cast at least the adults are hopeless comics and get the tone all wrong both are miscast, the kids i'll be more generous given the material both provide the movies highlights on the road trip especially Skyler Gisondo as the older boy who manages to achieve some amazing depth in his nerdy character.The movie has one high spot (pun) that of a well hung weather man played by Chris Hemsworth, now this sketch was at least amusing, as for the rest, save your cash for a better film, or stick to the far superior original on DVD.
bad San Andreas is truly a disaster of monumental proportions.The main character, Ray (Dwayne Johnson), is a divorced Search and Rescue helicopter pilot who is still in love with his estranged wife. Not only can he fly helicopters, he can also fly light aircraft and drive speedboats at the drop of a hat. In fact, he can do anything and if the scriptwriters (and I use that term loosely) hadn't been able to provide a vehicle for him they would probably have given him the power of unaided flight. His estranged wife is about to move in with a mega-rich architect, who you are pretty sure will turn into a cowardly arsehole and meet a predictably sticky end. His daughter has no personality knows everything about survival, something which, I assume, she has gained from her father by means of osmosis. His daughter's love interest (Hugo Johnstone-Burt), a young British man (and by British I mean someone who is not British but is putting on an obviously fake British accent) who, despite being an engineer, is fairly stupid and follows her like a homeless dog would follow a tramp with bacon in his pocket. He also has an annoying kid brother. The love interest's kid brother (Art Parkinson), is so annoying that you desperately want to see him die in horrific and (preferably) painful circumstances at the earliest opportunity, but unfortunately he doesn't.The main characters are all rich, WASPish and thoroughly dislikeable, and bear no resemblance to anyone you would want to care about. Or meet. Ever.There is no plot to speak of, just a series of unbelievable escapes that takes suspension of disbelief to a whole new level. In one scene Ray's estranged wife is having lunch in a restaurant on the top floor of a skyscraper (where else?)when an earthquake hits. She phones Ray, who is about a hundred miles away and who tells her to head to the roof and wait for him.Ray flies to her rescue, ignoring all the other people requiring his assistance and when he gets there the building is starting to collapse. As she runs toward the helicopter the roof caves in and she falls about six storeys down, but amazingly she survives enough to run up the rubble and jump on to the helicopter. Now, all this would have been fine if her character had for years been hiding her secret identity of Supergirl from her husband, but unfortunately she isn't the Man of Steel's unnecessary cousin. This is a woman who has just come from living the high life of the idle rich, and let's be honest here, if you were a Search and Rescue pilot whose wife had (presumably) been shagging this mega-rich arsehole for months and was about to move into his grand house with him, a house, by the way, that you could never afford in a million years on your measly Search and Rescue pilot salary, would you go out of your way to rescue her? I know I wouldn't. I'd be hovering over her rooftop rescue point in my helicopter shouting, "Burn bitch! You had it coming!"The scene on the rooftop with Ray and his estranged wife takes place within the first thirty minutes of this CGI-heavy film, and as it plods inexorably and excruciatingly on the situations get progressively ridiculous and unbelievable. It's all spectacle and no substance, and the spectacle's nothing to write home about because the special effects are nothing you haven't seen before in other superior disaster movies. When are the people who produce these insults to intelligence going to realise that CGI effects are not a replacement for a solid screenplay and good acting.But what about the dialogue? Well, I know this is difficult to believe, but it's even worse.When Ray is whinging on about how he couldn't save his daughter from drowning (that's the first one than drowned), his wife says to him, "If you couldn't save her, Ray, no-one could."Really? I bet they could have. An Olympic swimmer probably could have. Or a dolphin. Besides, throughout the film Ray proves that he's a pretty useless Search and Rescue pilot, choosing only to save members of his immediate family and annoying numpties with fake British accents. I wanted to include all the bad dialogue in the film in this review, but that would have meant printing out the entire screenplay, and I didn't have time for that.The worst chunk of dialogue comes right at the end of the film. Ray's estranged wife looks at him with dreamy eyes (that's right, she's fallen in love with him again because he's so MANLY) and asks, "What now?" And, as the Stars and Stripes unfurls before him, he replies, "Now we rebuild." Yeah, woo-hoo! Let's take the dumbest film of the year and add a bit of patriotism into the mix to make it doubly dumb.I wish the San Andreas Fault had split open and swallowed up every extant copy of San Andreas. Preferably about a week ago, so I wouldn't have had the misfortune of watching it.
bad All I can say is thank God I was given a free ticket to see this garbage as I can't understand why anyone would want to spend money to sit through this. This whole movie was just drivel from beginning to end and I can guarantee that there is are better ways to waste 100 minutes of your life. I won't even bother with trying to put into words the overall story, if there even is one, but I can't help but wonder why this was even necessary. The turtles came to fame in the late eighties/early nineties and given the success of the cartoon, it spawned 3 live action movies, yet by the late nineties the turtle fad faded and despite there being a cartoon series in the mid 2000's and another movie, this whole exercise of doing this reboot, or re-tool or re-imagining etc. now in 2014 seems pointless, even if there is a newish cartoon series doing the rounds.The movie of course has the obligatory origins of the turtles and splinter but again, was that even necessary? The action is fast paced and frenetic and despite the overly well choreographed fight sequences and the action taking place, the whole movie was just plain boring. Maybe I've seen just too much of this before or maybe the whole issue of Michael Bay sucking the life out of everything that we grew up with is wearing thin. First Transformers and now this. What's next? Michael Bay and the Muppets or Fraggle Rock? The dialogue is unfunny and lame, the action sequences were tedious and predictable, you don't care for any of the characters, the fight scenes were ho-hum, and the ending was as clichéd as any I've seen. The scene where they are all falling, and then skiing and then sliding down the mountain and avoiding getting killed, hurt, crushed and everything else that would normally happen, is enough to give anyone an epileptic seizure right there and then. And no doubt we can look forward to sequels of this, as of course Michael Bay will want to cash in on the success of anything until there's nothing left but a pile of shrivelled excrement.In the immortal words of Bart Simpson, "I didn't think it was physically possible, but this movie both sucks and blows". And that right there is what you can expect from this trash.
bad there is no way to describe how bad this movie is. when we arrived, we were the ONLY 2 people in the theater! eventually 2 more people came in. I've read some of the positive reviews, and I can only surmise that we saw different films. there are no words to describe how horribly bad this film is. I cannot fathom how anyone associated with making it, especially the leading characters, would allow their names and careers to be associated with such a disgusting film. how many times can a 9 year old say "fuck" or vagina or some other body part out of context. swimming in feces is supposed to be funny? the humor is less than juvenile. I don't think I have ever seen my wife walk out of a movie, no matter how bad. she really wanted to see this but was ready to leave after 20 minutes. I would give this move a minus "-" rating if possible but a 1 is the only option.
bad What a monumental waste of A-class actors! On paper, this film ticks all the right boxes: topical sci-fi, great actors in fitting roles, plot ingredients that should create great suspense...and yet, it completely fails to deliver at all levels.I wanted to like this film, so I ignored the first few warning signs: the characters start off a bit one-dimensional, a slightly uninspired representation of Google/Facebook/Amazon-ehm I mean-"The Circle's" headquarters...But then came a couple of scenes that could (no exaggeration) be right out of a CollegeHumor parody video - except they were meant to be serious- and I knew something had gone really wrong with the script and direction.15-20 minutes into the film everything becomes completely predictable. There isn't a single moment that has you on edge or wondering what's coming next, because everything is as blatant and simplistic as it could be. There's nothing novel about any of the characters or the major plot points. What is worse, the script just can't stop preaching:"losing all our privacy is bad...mmkay?" "big corporations shouldn't spy on us all the time...mmkay?" "sacrificing your personal life in the name of a morally dubious career can have regrettable repercussions...mmkay?" -NO SH!T movie! Thanks for letting us know, because, you know, we didn't have to write enough 10th grade essays about these things!Bottom line: I know it's tempting, but don't watch unless you have time to waste. It's not even "so-bad-it's-good" bad, it's just incredibly dull.
bad Why Do We Watch Movies?We watch movies to be entertained, to be educated, to be moved.My husband and I recently went to see "12 Years a Slave". It was, quite bluntly, dreadful. The movie was based on the personal accounting of Solomon Northup, a free black man, who in 1841 was abducted and sold into slavery. I did not read his book, but judging by what I have read, the movie did not follow the book very loyally. What a shame. I think I will read it now, if only to redeem a story so deserving to be told.I do not profess to be a producer, a director, an actor, or a cinematographer. I do not presume to state how this film could have been better. I just want to tell you why I did not like what could have been one of the best movies of all time. I am a middle-aged, white, Canadian woman, and it is a testament to our society that I actually have to qualify that. I am so grateful to not have lived in an age of slavery. No man has the right to enslave another, and to have lived in an era where one race habitually and acceptably treated another as less than human would have been excruciatingly abhorrent to me. Slavery is wrong. Slavery is evil.I have no doubt that many aspects of slavery in the 1840's were accurately depicted in this film, and it truly had all the elements of a classic, with a compellingly profound story and phenomenal actors. However, the direction was horrendous, the screen writing decimating. The protracted, paralyzingly boring close-ups and shots of gazing at trees were not evocative or artful, but only served to sap the life from the story for me. Added to that, the excessively prolonged moments of having to watch Solomon tap-dancing at the end of a noose, and the constant, brutal whipping scenes made my feelings of pity and disgust and rage almost dulled to the horror. The cinematography could have been so much better. Settings are characters unto themselves in movies, and instead of bringing to life a Louisiana in the 1840's, I was treated to long minutes of Spanish moss waving in the breeze. It was dull and lack-luster, and added nothing to the film.The only reason I gave this movie two stars instead of one (zero not being an option here) is because of the memorable performance of some of the actors.Chiwetel Ejiofor's depiction of Solomon was excellent, considering what he was given to work with. The screenwriter's stripping treatment of who Solomon really was was very unfortunate. From what I understand, he was intelligent and resourceful, used his ingenuity to enhance the lives of his fellow slaves, and was actually forced to be a slave-driver himself for a portion of his enslavement. Including this in the screenplay might have given his character much more dimension, and shown me a man who I could actually root for, instead of just pity immensely.Lupita Nyong'o was extraordinary as the young slave, Patsey, and is an actress to be watched for in future.Michael Fassbender is always brilliant, even in crappy movies. This performance was no exception. He was evil incarnate, and made me suspect that Master Epps very likely had syphilis, so crazed and bizarre was he portrayed.Paul Giamatti does sleaze so well, and here he did not disappoint.It must be noted that I was downright embarrassed that Brad Pitt as producer cast himself in the role of the big white hero, his acting no better or worse than usual.Perhaps the best performance was that of Paul Dano. As a white-trash overseer with middle-management power and impotent rage, he made me believe what these men might truly have been like in the times of American slavery.How sad I am that this movie was not all it could have been. In the end, did it make me think? Yes, but for all the wrong reasons. Was I entertained, educated or moved? Sadly, I was not.
bad After the wife and I saw the movie we were disappointed to find out they weren't going to make the next in the series for the big screen. Our woe was turned to hope when we learned that it would instead be turned into a TV series. Sadly the good news stopped there. The sets look good and the story seems to be staying loyal to the book (for the most part), but the major downfall is both the acting and the special effects. The acting seems like that of your average high school drama class, lines that need pauses between them are blurted out quickly and with sloppy delivery, even the body language is lacking in any real commitment. While some of the fight scenes look good for the most part the entire feel of the acting, fighting and effects can be easily summed up as power rangers. To touch quickly on the effects, while TV shows have much smaller budgets than feature length movies I feel some effects should have been left out in favour of old school tricks rather than cheap looking garbage. By far the worst part was seeing the Shadowhunters tech, mixing high tech gadgets with this magical world feels like Bilbo Baggins texting Gandalf for advice.If even just the acting improves this show could really impress but for now it's underwhelming to frustrating
bad ** out of (****) "Grown Ups" is that typical summer comedy that couldn't be more predictable, more formulaic, or more unoriginal then it is. It also has that by-the-numbers pattern of raunchy humor, thrown in with some childish jokes, and then the inevitable "feel good" vibe. In "Grown Up's" defense, that's actually a complement. It isn't as awful as one would expect because it's so cliché that it possibly cannot be a disappointment. However, it is still far away from being a good movie because of how familiar it seems. "Grown Ups" revolves around a bunch of buddies that reunite when they find out that their basketball coach has passed away. Now these men have grown up and decide to venture out on a nice vacation and stay at a cabin. Yep, that pretty much sums up the plot. It can't get more paper-thin then that right? It's kind of hard to nitpick this movie and to compile a list of positives because for everything that's bad about this movie it's good, and everything that's good about this movie, it's bad. Although, I'll give it my best shot. For a redeeming quality, the movie is pretty entertaining. Your mind won't wander throughout and it's not nearly half as bad as most would expect. Moreover, the performances aren't too shabby either. And actually, the characters are pretty likable, but still are pretty two-dimensional. Moreover, this movie does have its moments. I'm not saying it's humorous, but it sure does have some slightly funny times. Now onto the negatives. I thought that movie had wasted potential. The more mature jokes had a lot more depth and the pay-off was very good. The more childish humor had no substance and just came off very dry. Sadly, the route the movie mostly took was the childish aspect and the formulaic stereotypical jokes. *sigh*. Moreover, I thought the dialog was just awful. I mean, who speaks like that? So nonsensical. Furthermore, I thought the whole movie was pointless. I mean if you have a by-the-numbers plot, typical performances, and a been-there-done-that tone, then what's the point of making a movie? When making a movie it should be at least twenty five percent different then what audiences have seen or else they're paying to see the same mediocrity over and over again.Overall, "Grown Ups" could possibly win the award for the most cliché Hollywood film of the century, although, surprisingly, that's sort of a complement. Grown Ups knows its formulaic and very dry, but they just want to give the audience a fun outing, which they do, but then what's the point? This is the type of film you watch on a rainy Saturday night with nothing possibly better to do or no other film you want on Redbox is available, yet this one is. This movie can have its moments and is not entirely bad, but it's just so formulaic and "been- there-done-that" that it's not even funny. Save your hard earned cash on another movie or just attend a matinée. Paying full price for a type of movie like this is just wasting your time and money.
bad Seriously, how many more of these shitty movies are going to be made? If its not some quartered and drawn remake, it's some shitfest starring Wannabes and Never-Was-Its.The Legally Blonde movies were idiotic (pun not intended). The fact that they promote and moralize the "stupid blonde" facet is disgusting. In reality, the only thing these types of people receive is pity (whether they notice it or not). It doesn't help that they hired the chick from the Scary Movie series (seriously, Anna Faris as a Playboy bunny?).Save yourself the trauma and just watch this pirated on the internet. There's no reason to waste your hard-earned cash (or your parents') for a typical, trite piece of cinematic trash.
bad I once lived in Seabrook , New Hampshire that is on the Atlantic coast , Route 1 passes right in front of the Seabrook Nuclear Power Plant and Route 95 is very nearby. There is no Seabrook High School , the students go to the regional school which is Winnicunnet High School , that is the school where the infamous Pam Smart case took place in the circa 1990 time frame. I refuse to believe that whoever wrote / produced this movie never visited that area and didn't know about the town and it's Nuclear Power Plant.
bad What happens when superheroes get old is the main and interesting question this movie answers. It's a question when you think of when you place superheroes in the real world. Logan is a great movie and I think one of the best superhero movies ever made. The movie so adult in its approach that I think even youngsters who read the comics will learn to grow into. The script, the action, the acting is all great and goes to show that you don't need over the top action and effects to tell a great story. This movie gave me what I wanted...a movie. Something you can watch, be taken away and talk about hours after you watch it. And you don't have to know anything about the mythology of the Xmen to enjoy this film.This movie has heart and is directed wonderfully by James Mangold. Hugh Jackman's final performance as Wolverine is his best performance to date because of the range of emotions he has to go through in this film. Great film, highly recommended.
bad I'm not going to spend much time on this as I am obviously in a massive minority by not liking it. It's taken me 20 years to finally see this film through to the end.It just bores me completely. It's a part James Bond film, which I've never had any time for. It doesn't seem any better than the 'Mummy' or 'Tomb Raider' type films (ZZZZZZ) where the dialogue is largely incidental & which you can watch with the volume turned down and still follow. They generally concern some pre-historic torch, urn, key, lump of dog turd, that has special powers, that the hero needs to get his hands on & that just doesn't make for an interesting film.I just cannot get into films like this & never have any interests whether they achieve what they're after. In this there were a lot of scenes which seemed to be filling in time. First the Nazi's had the initiative, then Jones, then back to the Nazi's again and this went on & on & on, to the point that it wasn't dis-similar from a Steven Seagal or Van Damme film. Apart from the obvious superior quality of acting in this, the fighting scenes were sometimes laughable.Karen Allen threw in some incredibly wooden acting in her cliched lines she was given. The "I'm your partner" was almost cringe making.There seems an unwritten rule that you are not allowed to comment on Raiders of the Lost Ark without mentioning Star Wars for some reason. So I love Harrison Ford films, I like George Lucas & certainly don't dislike Spielberg. Thus, I have Star Wars as one of only a dozen films in my list at 10/10, it's almost perfect. I myself, wouldn't mention this in the same breath as Star Wars. You immediately feel a part of Star Wars & it's wonderful characters, neither of which apply here.This film has never taken off in England to the extent it has done in the US. I know plenty of adults who've never seen it & many who are not mad over it. But I'll admit I've never found anyone who genuinely dislikes it. Apart from me!3/10
bad One of those "Based on a True Story" movies that's really based on a real person whose story, taking place in turn-of-the-century San Jose, California, was never proven...In this case, Sarah Winchester, an old clad-in-dark-veiled lady who's the heir of the Winchester Repeating Rifle fortune, has construction workers building and rebuilding her mansion to allow ghosts that... oh you know... have unsettled business, a device that, at this point, is cinematic beeswax. Although as a common horror flick it's not entirely awful, but it goes far overboard on the sudden face appearing at the screen jolt that's very commonplace nowadays...You can say these flashing images make and break the picture since no other brand of scare is ever relied upon. The buried lead is Jason Clarke (who's always pretty good) as Dr. Rice, addicted to a syrupy drug and having been called upon... he soon learns... personally by Sarah in order to provide an analysis if she's insane, or sane enough to keep the business... And that's the hook. If the doctor (and viewer) believes all this obvious hokum is true, then she's not crazy. If not...The all-important, Oscar-winning (and perhaps slightly overrated) Helen Mirren seems to float above a dignified safety net, never fully savoring the genre the way perhaps a less important actress would to prove her worth. Making Clarke, whose constant reactions to the frantic wraiths abounding, has far more merit (and development) to invest in...The eventual twist belongs solely to him since the plot about ghosts seeking revenge on the guns that killed them is right up front: Almost as if the current gun-control advocates pieced together their very own SHINING to back the omnipresent theory that guns are always to blame, not people (who are vulnerable humans, not deadly machines!).It would have been a much longer picture had the souls sought vengeance on those who actually used the particular weapon(s). And since the giant manor, with mazy levels shrouded in a sort of Gothic, old school haunted house aesthetic, lacks the kind of eerie and horrifying malevolence it promises from the onset, then WINCHESTER would have fared better being less claustrophobic. If, as the saying goes, the setting is "a character in itself," The Mansion's performance is as ultimately hollow and underwhelming as Madame/Dame Winchester. (cultfilmfreaks.com)
bad This film is bad in pretty much every way. McG proves once again that he can't doesn't know how to direct a movie. This film is an hour and 20 minutes and felt like it was over 2 hours. From the first few frames, this film is obnoxious in every conceivable way. The acting is smug and hammy, the dialogue is cringey, the music is derivative and everything about the plot line reeks of a middle aged man trying desperately to look like a cool kid.This is the "basic B*tch/Bro" of movies. The two leads early on have a "nerdy" conversation, but it's so vapid, it feels like it was written by someone at Buzzfeed who had only ever seen 2 or 3 mainstream blockbuster "nerd movies". It's the movie equivalent of a jock who pretends he's ultra geeky because he watches the Marvel movies. The one phrase that perfectly sums up this movie is "over confidence". McG has seen these quick editing tricks and sound effects in other films by decent directors like Wright and Lord/Miller, and decided he would use that style in his movie without understanding why and how those directors use them in the first place. The kid in this movie is not believable in the slightest as a loser because he looks like a young Leo DiCaprio. His character is set up as having a phobia of practically everything, yet instead of this coming into play, he acts like John McClane whenever a threat presents itself. This kid lives on a suburban street, yet when gunshots, screams and cop lights are going off every few seconds, NO-ONE hears in the houses 20 metres away. Everything else is contrived, the attempts at humour are embarrassing, and there's only one that lands, (a cutaway involving a knife in a dishwasher).This film was hate-able in all aspects. Even the repetitive gore doesn't have any charm, because there have already been dozens of these wacky gory callback nostalgia films (Game of Death, Turbo Kid, Stranger Things) that have done it without feeling so empty and shallow. DON'T WATCH THIS
bad After crossing the border of Mexico to the United States of America, the bomb planted in the car of the wealthy businessman Rudy Linneker blows up in Los Robles. The Mexican Chief of Narcotics Miguel Vargas (Charlton Heston) is spending honeymoon with his American wife Susan Vargas (Janet Leigh) in the border town and will testify in the case of the drug dealer Grandi that is arrested in Mexico City. The idolized ex-alcoholic American Police Captain Hank Quinlan (Orson Welles) is in charge of the investigation since the murder happened in the American side of the border, but Mike Vargas participates as observer since the Mexican citizen Sanchez (Victor Millan) is the prime suspect. Meanwhile, Uncle Joe Grandi (Akim Tamitoff) unsuccessfully presses Susie, trying to convince her husband to drop the case. When Hank plants two dynamites in the house of Sanchez in a shoe box that Vargas had seen empty ten minutes before, he confronts Hanks. Joe Grandi witnesses their argument and associates to Hank to discredit Vargas, dishonoring Susie."Touch of Evil" is a masterpiece of malevolence and loss of humanity and one of my favorite movies ever. The long sequence in the beginning is in my opinion the best in cinema history, with a perfect timing. The black and white cinematography is amazing, with the perfect use of shadows and lighting. The story is fantastic and Orson Welles is awesome in the role of a despicable policeman that believes in his hunches, eternally grieves the loss of his wife and wishes to bring justice no matter the means and without any ethic. Janet Leigh performs a strong female character unusual in the 50's. Charlton Heston has also an unforgettable performance in the role of an ethical police office that is the opposite of Hank and prioritizes his work to his family, leaving his wife alone to seek the truth about his opponent. My vote is ten.Title (Brazil): "A Marca da Maldade" ("The Mark of the Malevolence")
bad Despite being rife with technical blunders such as the longest full moon in history, Disney's first non-PG film is proving to be a financial boon while at the same time collecting reviews from critics that run from tepid to red hot. I am in complete agreement with Roger Ebert on one point: Somewhere in this 143 minute tour de force there lurks a very good ninety-minute film.Other than Johnny Depp, who fashioned his character's personality (and eye makeup?) after observations of his good friend Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones, the cast of 'Pirates' reads like a Who's Who of English film actors, including Orlando Bloom, Keira Knightley, Jack Davenport and Mackenzie Crook.When screenwriters Ted Elliot and Terry Rossio originally pitched the movie to the Disney executives in the early '90s, Disney rejected it. It makes one wonder just who is running the Disney empire. Universal Studios have been combining action/adventure movies with theme park rides for over two decades (E.T., Jurassic Park, Jaws, and Back to the Future to name a few) only in reverse order-first the film, then the ride. This combination has worked well for Universal, and it seems almost absurd that Disney has taken so long to pick up on the obvious.I liked three things in particular about this film. Just say Johnny Depp three times. His character Jack Sparrow redefines the term swashbuckler. Not since William Hurt's performance in Children of a Lesser God , and to a slightly lesser degree Kevin Costner's in JFK, has an actor so resoundingly stolen the show. If you do not like Johnny Depp, 'Pirates' is not for you. If you do like Mr. Depp (Edward Scissorhands, Ed Wood), you will enjoy 'Pirates'.That is not to say that Orlando Bloom and Geoffrey Rush were less than fantastic. Rush made a delightful villain as Capt. Barbossa, and Orlando Bloom's performance brought charisma to a rather limiting role as Will Turner. Expect nothing but good things from this young actor in the future.Let us examine the plot. This will be a rather short paragraph, for sword fights do not a movie make. The opening scenes show a young Elizabeth Swann on a ship at sea. A young Will Turner floats up on a raft, unconscious, wearing a gold medallion round his neck. Elizabeth hides the medallion so that no one else will know that young Will is a pirate. Years later, the pirates come to Port Royal in quest of the gold piece and kidnap the governor's daughter Elizabeth (Kiera Knightly), now all grown up. The fact that she also has the medallion they are looking for is just one of those lucky things that will happen if you're a good pirate who eats well and stays fit. Captain Jack Sparrow shows up at about the same time and he and Will commandeer a ship from the Royal Navy to chase the pirates, save Elizabeth, and add some adventure to their otherwise bleak lives. Swordfight, swordfight, swordfight, and that's about it. Let us just say that Pirates of the Caribbean has all the plot of an amusement park ride and leave it at that.A few predictions may be in order, however. Look for an Oscar nomination for Depp's efforts. Look for nominations as well for sound, set design, makeup, and cinematography. As far as best picture? Next to Lord of the Rings (Return of the King)? Not likely.Director Gore Verbinski, who used to play in a punk rock band and is best known for creating the Budweiser frogs, does an outstanding job keeping track of the myriad details required of a director, given his limited experience. True, 'Pirates' has countless errors in continuity, but those occur in any film of such scope. Mr. Verbinski has only four other films to his name: a short entitled The Ritual (1996), and then three very different but effectively made films, Mouse Hunt (1997), The Mexican (2001), and the very creepy thriller The Ring (2002). Again, it makes one wonder just who is at the helm of the USS Disney to put a $125 million movie in the hands of a neophyte. Well, it worked with Lord of the Rings and a very inexperienced Peter Jackson, and it worked here for Disney as well.'Pirates of the Caribbean' is a fun movie for most of the family. It may be rather scary for children ten and under and somewhat boring for many over twenty-five. I enjoyed it immensely for exactly what it was... an amusing ride.
bad Please.This is a dismal movie.  I'm going to spoil some stuff, so don't read if you don't want, but read on if you want to save some time and money.After I sat through this abomination, I knew I'd come on here and see that it got great reviews, because it tried to be so artsy that weak-minded people would say they liked it just to try to convince themselves that they have advanced taste.  Midway through I told myself that if I heard that "I am Jake's this and that" line again I would get up and leave, but sure enough I kept hearing it and I stayed.  Maybe I'm as dumb as the filmmakers. The fact of the matter is that I haven't seen a plot this full of holes since "Slugs".  So if I start a fight club, the participants will just start showing up at my doorstep out of the blue and turn into mind-numbed drones that do my evil bidding???  Not only that, but this movie also taught me that if I stick a gun in my mouth and pull the trigger, not only will I live but I'll be able to talk to people in my normal voice, as long as I put a gauze pad on it.If you still don't know, this movie is about a clinically-depressed guy who's search for therapy leads him to Brad Pitt, who teaches him that beating the bejeezus out of people will brighten his spirits.  More guys find out about this, and they all join the "fight club" and then naturally go live with Pitt to become his evil minions.  Of course! This must be how the Wicked Witch found all those monkeys.  Their evil deeds get worse and worse, and the supposedly still-sane Norton inexplicably keeps hanging out with this bunch.  This leads to one totally inane scene where the evil monkeys return from a gunfight with one of their members dead, and all Norton can do is whine "C'mon guys, cut it out".So after this movie backs itself into a miserable corner, it's only escape is the equally awful "It was all a dream" ending, where we find out that Brad Pitt was just Norton's evil imaginary friend, and that Norton had been committing all these acts himself.  Please audience, forget the fact that the "imaginary" Pitt managed to pull Norton from a burning car wreck and pick him up off the ground and hurl him down a flight of stairs.  I don't care how psycho you are, your imaginary friend cannot physically pick you up.Plot hole #9233 asks us to believe that during this short time, Norton had been in EVERY MAJOR CITY in the US forming more armies of mind-numbed robot monkeys, and that every male over the age of 18 in the United States was now a member of his "secret" evil gang.  So anyhow, Norton finally realizes that he's been crazy all this time, and to kill Pitt he sticks a gun in his own mouth and blows his neck off, a wound which apparently isn't as debilitating as you would think, since he manages to get right up and make up with his girlfriend and watch peacefully as his evil plot comes to fruition.  But wait, you thought he was sane now and would be horrified at what he did? So would I, but that apparently also is not the case.Before you typically think that my movie tastes aren't as cultured as yours, let me tell you that I loved the masterpiece that was "A Clockwork Orange", and this movie was NO "Clockwork".  If Clockwork ended by telling you that the old man in the wheelchair was actually the killer and that McDowell was just his evil imagination, then we'd have a comparison, but Kubrick wasn't that horribly stupid.I am Jake's bad movie review.
bad Boring - i had to make huge effort to not fall asleep during the movie.Effects - it looks like the blow effects were made using the technology from the movie star wars from 1977.Logic - 0 **** was given during the thinking of this film. Its like in the beginning of the movie soldiers running towards the main character, and the maze runners have an army aircraft, so why the hell won't you shoot the enemy soldiers with this aircraft?Logic p2 - the runners arrive to a city wall, there they meet a resistance group, the leader of the group wants to take over the city so the poor people can enjoy good life too, but instead he sends his men to blow the city up.Story - the main character has the cure in his blood (surprise surprise) so what he does? he takes a group of all the immune with him to an isolated island. great!There were lots of other stupid parts in the movie. So my verdict, really crappy movie.
bad Important to acknowledge at the outset that Herzog is not a young man. He's the same age as Scorsese and note how long it's been since Scorsese settled on being an illustrator, a lifetime. Herzog as recently as a few years ago was still venturing out in search.Having said that, it's hard to fathom this was made by the same man who gave us Stroszek and Fitzcarraldo. In those, the place was real. The protagonists were actual lost souls, not actors feigning. The journey was about actually going where we did to tug for transcendence.He has a female lead this time, the very first time if I'm not mistaken. He has been hobnobbing with Hollywood people for a decade, perhaps the question was put to him, perhaps he thought he had been remiss himself all this time. No matter, like so many of his characters, he gives us someone who yearns to venture outside maps, explore hazardous edges of the world.But he has everything else be conventional and streamlined this go round. Actors stay actors whether they're playing Turkish gendarmes or Druze rebels. Oriental music swells over sand dunes like you would expect from any other film. He filmed in Morocco sets standing in for the Middle East.So yes, atypical for Herzog, a letdown, not one of his high marks. Others fret in comments about Herzog not getting the trivia right, right to left writing and such. What's really the trouble for me is that it dulls the edge of dangerous discovery that set him apart. We're in the Lawrence of Arabia timeline anyway and the film is cut from that Hollywood cloth. We're always more or less safely ensconced.The film has been so gracelessly attacked in reviews however it makes me want to take a step back. All or some of this would have been obvious to him while preparing anyway, so the question is, what got him out of bed and across the ocean to make this?No answer is going to be particularly lucid I feel or avoid sounding like excuse. Maybe he couldn't resist the opportunity of going on cinematic adventure, knowing he has only a few more left. It does have the feel of those tail-end films by aging filmmakers who were past their prime but still mounting epics in the 60s.Maybe he would explain that we're seeing through the narrator's eyes, the world as Persian poem on evanescent love, arrested love as a deeper kind of love. Ridley Scott was briefly considered to direct, no doubt there would be sweeps of battle. Something he couldn't do and Herzog does, in a strange coup, is that it's a very sweet film about yearning.I would like to rest here. I wouldn't trust the film to be stating too much but for what it's worth; here's a Herzog tract that swaps feverish ego in the pursuit of futile escape from the confines of the world with a heart that submits to the world being confined thus and so and this doesn't stop it from journeying freely. Islamic poets make a big deal of this, acquiescing to be simply a vessel for luminous mystery. Maybe re-read on that Rumi than get it here.One last word. Herzog's work is done really. His journey has been vast but is coming to a close. Rather than pounce on him for a film like this, take from his legacy. Don't be a tourist of being, a sherpa of other peoples' reality. We're living in interesting times that require courageous clarity.And I write this after finding out that IMDb have decided to close down their message boards. It has been a decade for me, more for others. I'm not one for goodbyes, but maybe this one time. Something by way of farewell to people we won't be seeing each other in some time.Friends, visiting the Mausoleum of Poets in Tabriz wouldn't make you one, not visiting wouldn't stop you. There comes a day when you are called to the back door, going out, you will never be seen again. Learn how to move towards, how to move away, there's no other art. A tree is useful for someone who comes to chop it for firewood or turn it into furniture. May you come to rest in the shade of having less use for things that don't make the heart grow fond :)
bad I have watched the days of our lives since I was ten years old. I admit that some of the story lines are completely outlandish, like the one about eight years back about Marlena getting possessed by Satan, but for some unknown reason, I cant stop watching this show. The love for this show seems to be an epidemic in my high school as well, among both guys and girls. I never really watched a soap opera before this one, except for Another World. The show's contract with NBC comes under review in 2004. Myself, as well as many other diehard Days fans, are holding their breath praying that they renew it. Chester's Rating: ********/10
bad For the first time I actually walked out of a film before the end. The humour is infantile, so stupid I was embarrassed for the actors. This film is just beautiful bodies wandering about hoping it makes an entertaining film. Clear proof you can't make a silk purse, no matter how many beautiful people you use, out of a rotting, festering, maggot ridden pigs ear written by talentless chimps. Complete waste of time and money 0.5/10Suspicious of the many 10/10 ratings, given by first time reviewers/new reviewers. Confirms suspicions Studios try to promote their films with bogus reviews.
bad While the first installation was enjoyable, the second one does not live up. The plot was bland and dull and dragging. The dialogue was dry and just downright stupid. The magic tricks were OK (and unnecessary), but there was no wow factor. No jaw-dropping revealing or mind hack or anything like that. If the first movie keeps you guessing until the final scene, then Now You See Me 2 just basically tells the whole story in a straight line. It's just plain badTo pair with the bad plot, the acting was also horrid. Lizzy Caplan was beyond tragic. There is no charisma in her character at all. Replacing Isla Fisher was a really bad move. And when you thought: "Well, at least Michael Caine or Morgan Freeman will provide some top-notch acting?", you were wrong. Their characters are just so dull that even their talents can not save them.
bad Good adaptation? Excellent movie? I hope those of you writing these reviews never watch another movie again. I'm marking it as "spoiler" because it MIGHT contain some small ones, but if you go see this movie, it's already spoiled, rotted, and dessicated without any help from me.This movie stank. It was inept on almost every level. The acting was mediocre at best, the characters were poorly developed, the camera work was painful at times, the effects were laughably bad, the wirework is the worst I've ever seen, and the whole story is so ludicrous that I wanted to rip my hair out.First off, these aren't vampires. Dracula was a vampire. These "vampires" have almost nothing in common aside from drinking blood and being immortal and...wait, that's it. They walk in the daylight (and ooh! They sparkle, because teenie girls love sparkles!), they don't have fangs, they don't sleep in coffins, turn into bats, don't have an aversion to silver or garlic, walk over running water, don't mind crosses...the list goes on. Some of that is forgivable, but all of it? Nope. This is yet another pop-culture pussification of vampires, turning them into something ludicrous and throwing almost all the mythology out the window. Give me a nightwalking, bloodsucking, evil minion of the devil any day of the week. Don't call the Twilight "vampires" by that name because, quite frankly, they're not.Was the director of this movie high the whole time? Did she bother to try directing the actors, much less go over their dialog and realize that no normal human being would talk like that? The culmination of the two would be Bella blubbering in bed at the end for Edward to not leave her. I almost burst out laughing, but by then my soul had been sapped to the point that I thought laughter would be impossible. And I think her only direction for the vampires was, "Okay, ready, set, ACTION! Okay guys, SMOLDER! SMOLDER! SMOLDER!", because that's about the extent of the vampire "acting" in this movie. Lots of smoldering looks and very little else. And couldn't she have made sure the effects weren't awful? Seriously, who could have seen the fast vampire effect and thought it looked better than Scifi channel original movie effects? Did the director blow all the budget on crack to use while she was making this? And what was with the horrid wirework? Seriously. Watch Edward jumping from his window to the tree outside and see how he moves in a perfectly straight line. Watch the bad vampire jump over Bella and watch how his trajectory dips, then arcs UP, then drops in front of her. It's unbelievable. And did anyone else notice how the camera-work in the woods when Bella says she knows that Edward is a vampire was pointless and utterly distracting? Sorry, but that's not a good way to convey what was happening. Try again. Oh, wait, the studio decided you couldn't. Sorry.Why the heck is Edward so dreamy? He's a creepy stalker! He sneaks into Bella's room at night and watches her sleep? Oooh, so romantic! I sneak into a girl's room at night to watch her sleep? Pepper spray, a boot to the balls, and lots of community service. He follows her around wherever she goes? Nah, not stalking at all. He's just enamored with her and it's sooo dreamy! What a hairy load. Setting aside his saving her life twice (a contrivance so they can speed things up and they don't have to make them fall in love the old fashioned way), Edward could do anything to her and it would be so wonderful. I cannot understand that. Maybe that's why so many women will date total jerks and excuse everything they do. It explains a lot, actually.Sorry, but his movie is crap. Those who love it are likely so whipped up into a fervor about the book being turned into a movie that they'd watch anything with Edward in it. It could be Hostel 3: Vampire Style with Edward ripping limbs off of Bella in a bloodbath and it would be wonderful to them. Girls, I know you're obsessed with this fictional character in ways that only hardcore comic book nerds could ever hope to match, but please, step out of that bubble and actually WATCH the movie. Please. We don't need any more lazy, crappy cinema staining the multiplex screens. There's enough of that coming out of Hollywood these days. My wife loves the books (and I get to hear all about them...groan), but at least she's not so wrapped up in it that she couldn't admit the movie sucked. She's at least got that going for her. Other fans with claw your eyes out if you dare speak ill of it. Makes me wanna puke.
bad What is it about movie directors now? Do they get paid per minute of unrealistic, ridiculous and overblown special effects while completely ignoring science? The claims that mutated neutrinos could be causing the core of the earth to melt is a complete joke. In order to cause the earths core, a massive ball of iron, to melt would have required so much energy that life would have been extinguished long before the core would melt, especially in the 3 year timeline given in the film.This movie had some of the stupidest effects I have seen in a long, long time. The limo scene was beyond dumb, especially the gigantic wave following behind. As those sorts of waves travel at around 3000 metres per second or 10,800 Km per hour (around 6000 miles per hour) then I think they would have had a hard time escaping.The speed at which the buildings and the bridge they drove under collapsed was ludicrously slow.The bit with the loaded Antonov An-225 climbing like an empty airliner at an air show was laughable.A tsunami would not have produced a surface wave of the size shown in the middle of the ocean. Tsunami's travel along the bottom, only showing once the tsunami hit the continental shelves.The scene where tropical animals were being transported over a glacier, through frigid high mountain air while slung under helicopters showed that the director had not given even the slightest thought to what would happen to those animals being transported that way.Another laughable scene was the bit when whole flooded hydraulic chamber scene. Considering how high they were and the fact the waves had traveled through the high mountains, the water would have been frigid. Those people trapped in it would have died from hypothermia very quickly.The captain was not being able to start the turbines till the door is closed? Why not? And when the turbines finally started a big cloud of smoke, suggesting that the turbines were burning diesel or some other liquid fuel. Yet we are expected to believe that this fuel would last for a minimum of two months.I was almost falling of my seat laughing during the Everest collision. A multi-thousand ton behemoth like that vessel hitting Mount Everest would have caused a massive ice slide. Yet all that happened was a couple of ice blocks fell and broke a window. And later we see the front of the vessel and there is absolutely no sign that it had run into the side of a mountain.What can I say about the dialog other than how many 7 year old kids did they get to write it. The dialog was lame. The screenplay was a joke, with the good guys getting out of yet another inescapable situation at the last millisecond in the most improbable ways.Yes, the special effects were spectacular and yet it was quite clear they were there to cover up for an incredibly lame, dull and boring screenplay.I am glad I did not pay to see this joke in the cinema. I would have been demanding my money back.
bad I see that my previous comment on this film was deleted.This is the thing that started it all: Pixar. Somewhat photorealistic modeling. Deep, deep attention to story dynamics. An animated feature not so polished since "Snow White." Something worthy. Something that led to the reinvention of Disney.Its an iconic turning point, like "Citizen Kane," "2001," "Bonnie and Clyde," Greenaway's "Tempest." (and others) Many things after change. So it should be seen on its historical basis alone. Here already you can see that Pixar decides to combine goals. They want the movie to be just as good as the best non- animated movie. There is the well-documented attention to refining and refining the story dynamics so that the narrative spine simply works. That took years. What I mean by combined goals is that they also realized that they were presenting something relatively new in their three D modeling capability. So they wanted to have that new cinematic vocabulary enhance the narrative dynamics and vice versa. It is subtle here, not fully developed until "Nemo." But its plain to see when pointed out: the camera simply moves in ways that a real one does not. There are a broader set of intimate and distanced observer perspectives. These are not overused, lest you notice them, but you can see that out tolerance and viewing skill has slowly evolved from this to the later Pixar projects. (At this writing, that is "Wall-E.") The business about family and desired roles are not "the point" as some would say, but strategies to explore this deeper narrative power.Ted's Evaluation -- 3 of 3: Worth watching.
bad If I can give you any advice today dear reader it's please PLEASE don't even bother wasting your money on this actual poop garbage. I would rather stick knitting needles in my eyes than sit through it again. Granted, I will admit, that Charlie Day made me laugh- but that can be chalked up to how much I love that man. The rest of the movie? No. Dear God, just No. I still wake up in a cold sweat, plagued by nightmares of this movie. Ed Helms and his weird kind of gaunt face, he won't stop singing kiss from a rose. It never ends. But hey, if you're a fan of trans-phobia, heteronormativityx9000, lines which have no comedic value other than F*CK being yelled at the end of them, sex jokes that don't even make sense (seriously the movie seems like it was written by a bunch of 12 year old boys),just generally awful scripting hidden behind big actors, or you have less than 3 braincells, then this sure is the movie for you, friend!In summary I could eat a notebook and crap out a better script. Don't fund a sequel.
bad OK first I want to say i did NOT watch this on my own initiative! I was FORCED to watch this movie and I must say that hour and a half I will never get back! I wasn't expecting much and I was still severely disgusted that I had to watch this movie. The movie not only features bad actors and OBVIOUS lip singers, but it also has terrible lines and terribly stereotypical characters! There is the jocks, the nerds, and the preps! This movie portrays high school a place full of cliques which is also a stereotype! Though it tries to portray a good message, the amount of stereotypes in the movie almost negates the message its trying to send! This is a terrible movie, even by made-for-TV Disney standards!PLEASE!!! If someone tries to make you watch this movie do NOT give in! You will be bored, sickened and you will have severe distain for the person that made you watch this poor excuse for a movie.
bad This is a fantastic movie full action, adventure, humor and a hell of a lot more! The film is 2 hours and 40 minutes long, but that time flies by as you are transported into an awesome world of swashbuckling and sword fights.Johnny Depp's performance is one of his best ever as the slightly camp Captain Jack Sparrow. Even under his tangle of hair and blackened eyes, he will make you swoon and laugh both at the same time with his tonnes of witty lines and mannerisms. Orlando Bloom plays the love struck son of a pirate, Will Turner and play him he does! This roll highlights the diversity and skill shown by some of the greats. We will definitely see big things from him in years to come. In her second roll in big time flick, Kira Knightley plays kidnapped Govener's daughter, Elizabeth Swan. She is also another young, up and coming star with a bright future ahead of her.The film may not be the most historically accurate pirate film of all times but all that is forgotten as you enjoy the brilliance of this marvelous movie. Did I also catch a subtle omage to the 1953 swashbuckler 'The Crimson Pirate' when Will and Jack walk underwater in an upturned rowing boat? Sneaky!The only negative thing I have to say, and believe me I don't want to say it, is that fact we are never told the reason why the curse of the black pearl could only be broken by the blood of William Turner (Senior) and in turn by his son. Despite this plot flaw however, Pirates of the Caribbean is a magical journey that will drop the jaws of parents, children and grandparents alike. I'm definitely buying it when it come out on DVD!
bad I've seen a whole lot of movies in my day.  I mean a WHOLE lot of movies. Club Dread is one of the absolute worst.It's supposed to be comedy, or that's what I thought at least when I rented it, but there wasn't a single funny thing in the entire movie.  Nothing funny, nothing remotely entertaining or interesting.  When they chose to use the word "Dread" in the title, maybe that was an inside joke, that they thought was funny because they knew that it was absolutely dreadful.The dialogue is incomprehensible for the most part, which is due to most of the "actors" mumbling most of the time.  Even when the written dialogue is as bad as it is in this movie, you still want to be able to understand the words, and it is irritating when you find yourself watching a movie and realizing that you have given up even trying to understand what the actors are saying.Okay, to tell the truth, one reason that I rented this movie is because of Jordan Ladd.  There is one "special" scene with Jordan that was particularly odd, because she has an absolutely beautiful face, yet due to the incredibly bad lighting in that scene, her beautiful facial features were effectively obscured.  Manifestly, the director and photographers had no appreciation at all for her beauty, and it is a shame that such a rare opportunity was given to such clueless idiots.This movie has no redeeming qualities whatsoever.  Please don't rent this movie, because if you do, that will only give these people more money that they can use to make another movie, and that would be criminal.
bad Movie starts with the train scene, where few kids overpower brute ninja force with few handguns, no kids die and they get to steal the train and that futuristic plane. And from there everything goes downhill. There's like 3 of them and they are trying to infiltrate the main town where their friend is held captured. Result - all city is destroyed, like 3.000.000 ninjas are dead, meanwhile there are only 2 "good guys" dead. 1. Newt that the main character stabs himself, instead of running away and getting a serum to bring him back to health, he decided to stay and fight his buddy and stabs him in result. 2.That girl Rachel, was it? well it was sort of her own fault, she basically didnt want to get in the chopper. Badly written, badly executed, no twists, no turn, only illogical turn of events that you can sort of predict already from the get go. Seriously if this is based of the book, I don't see how or why it was a best selling novel, I rather go read Hillary Clintons memorandum.
bad This film is another of director Tim Burton's attempts to capitalize on a familiar title to bring his `vision' to the screen.  He has done it with `Batman', `Sleepy Hollow' and now this.  This is not a remake.  The only thing it has in common with the original is that it has simians that can speak (and Charleton Heston makes a cameo).  Burton has reconstituted the entire story, watering it down for today's mass viewership.The original Planet of the Apes was a product of its time.  During the 1960's America was struggling to redefine its civilization.  It was a turbulent time of soul searching and rethinking social norms.  It was the civil rights era where groups long considered inferior demanded to be treated as equal.  In that context, POTA was allegorical, reflecting the philosophical turmoil confronting the audiences of the day.  POTA was an extremely intelligent film that broached difficult questions and elegantly held the oppressions of American society up to scrutiny by making the white guy justify his intelligence to a species he considered inferior.  The dialectic between Colonel Taylor (Charleton Heston), Dr. Cornelius (Roddy McDowall) and Dr. Zira (Kim Hunter) was thought provoking and intelligent with ironies both subtle and obvious.Burton's version is as much a product of today's times as POTA was of the sixties.  This is Apes for Dummies.  It is superficial and jejune, substituting politically correct platitudes for intelligent dialogue and focusing more on form than substance.  The `surprise' ending is utterly incongruous and contributes nothing to the film except a cliffhanger that sets up the sequel.  While the ending of the original POTA gracefully tied everything together in a single powerful scene, Burton's ending simply mocks the audience, taunting, `I know something you don't know, and you are going to have to wait for the sequel to find out.'From a technical perspective, as is always the case with Burton's film, the film is excellent.  The makeup is fantastic and Burton's camerawork is outstanding (though I continue to dislike his dark look).  However, thirty-three years of advancements in prosthetic makeup can not compensate for the insultingly vacuous script.The story has been reduced to a monster movie.  The humans band together behind Captain Davidson (Mark Wahlberg) to fight the monstrous Apes, aided and abetted by a few turncoats (notably Helena Bonham Carter as Ari).  The presentation is formulaic and simplistic with plenty of violence, perfect for today's fast food mentality.The acting is mixed.  Mark Wahlberg is a fine actor who is simply miscast in this role.  Walberg is excellent at playing dark, sullen characters that are tormented but strong.  This part requires an inspirational hero, a profile not in Wahlberg's repertoire.  Helena Bonham Carter is a brilliant actor whose character is so far beneath her ability that the disconnect is laughable.  She tries desperately to do something with the flimsy character, but her interpretation presents like a cross between a college peace demonstrator and love sick teenager.Then there is Tim Roth.  His is a virtuoso performance, single-handedly saving the film from total ruin.  Roth is diabolically hateful as the malevolent General Thade.  He creates one of the most villainous and despicable bad guys I can remember in some time.  Additionally, his physical acting is superlative, rendering a chimp-man that is such a perfect meld that one can almost believe that the species exists.This film is a great disappointment.  It is decent entertainment, as long as you check your brain at the door.  I rated it a 3/10.  From a technical perspective it is much better than that, perhaps a 9/10.  However the story is an insult to the original franchise.  It is simply another attempt by Burton at self adulation, using a familiar title to attract throngs to the box office so lots of people can see what a genius he is.  Of course it's true, but it would be great if he used that talent to produce substantial films, instead of simple minded pap formulated for mass consumption.
bad The plot is so similar to Descendants its ridiculous. The acting is bad and the songs are not good. Normally I'm all for Disney Channel Original Movies - especially the musicals but this one is not worth the time. I only watched it live so I could see the new trailer for Descendants 3. Honestly, they should have filmed Descendants 2 and 3 back to back so I don't have to wait a year and half for the next one. But nope instead they made this garbage movie.
bad Alright the shitty major guilty pleasure franchise based on the shitty twilight fan fiction continues so will it be better or worst than the first one or what? Thats what we will know right now ,firstly it was way way way worst than the 1st one,i wanted to see it at the cinema cause it could be deleted version but in did see it both cinema and leaked version so i said why not specially the director i love his movies so i had some hopes that they could learn from the mistakes but they made it worst the acting was way way way worst even Dakota Johnson she looks great Jarmie Dornan is right in loving her but she was worst than the first one although Grey's pleasures or his bad way in treating her was not harsh as the first one but still his acting was like a falsehood acting even the soundtrack that the first one was perfect at,this one's music was bad only countable songs were good even the sex scenes itself one in the beginnings of the movie wasn't made right but the rest were realistic again because they edited some music its not NC-17 if it was NC17 movie i would've said its great one but no, i just liked the chemistry between them but porn watchers will say its a good one but I'm not a porn watcher I'm saying its a guilty pleasure cause its laughably bad it is good and i could enjoy it without making it a good one again another shitty soft core porn feature film my rating is its not horseshit its triple horseshit or horseshit to the power of 10😂 that's why my score is 1/10
bad "The Mummy" is the first movie in what Universal Studios wants to call their "Dark Universe." Yeah, that's right. Those re-shoots that 2014's "Dracula Untold" went through to tie into a Dark Universe; those don't matter now. That 2010 Benicio del Toro "Wolfman" movie; also doesn't matter. In a world where Universes are becoming more and more of a thing, Universal seems determined not to let this monster mash-up of The Wolfman, Dracula, Frankenstein, Mummy, Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde and more slip through their fingers. And they're also not skimping out on finding A-list talent to help sell the whole thing. So far we've heard Johnny Depp, The Rock, and Javier Bardem's names being thrown into the mix, plus Russell Crowe is already here as Dr. Jekyll. That last one I think is really cool by the way because while so many others have been portrayed by the likes of Gary Oldman and Jack Nicholson's, Jekyll's best portrayal in the past 20+ years has been ugh.David Hasselhoff. But now let's talk about "The Mummy", specifically that old trilogy with Brendan Fraser. There's no doubt director Stephen Sommers lucked out with that first film and there's also little doubt Universal wants to move away from that overall cheesiness here. The question is can they still go serious but also have fun at the same time?And say what you will about Sommers; the guy was a C-grade filmmaker who got a kick out of a cheap thrill but at least you could say he committed to it. This new Mummy is just a wrong-headed disaster. The set-up is pretty much the same as the older Mummy film although here it's a woman played by "Kingsman's" Sofia Boutella. She's Ahmanet, an Egyptian Princess who wanted power, sold out to some powerful entity for eternal life, and paid for it by getting entombed.Universal of course is also putting it's faith in Tom Cruise, who plays an Army Vet prone towards treasure hunting. He and several others find Ahmanet's sarcophygus but while bringing it back to be examined, the plane goes down over London and a bunch of strange things happen that they learn can't just be coincidence. This is Cruise just being Cruise here. He gets to run around a lot doing his "intense face" all while an attractive woman half his age is along with him for the sexual interplay (more on her in a moment). Yeah, there's discussion about his character growing something of a conscience as this goes on but it's pretty perfunctory.Plus having the Mummy be a woman after Cruise's body so she could plant her demon God inside of him and they can reign as King and Queen; this seems more like it falls into being of one of Cruise's aging vanity projects than on acting skill. Boutella gets very little to do otherwise but try and be seductive while waving her hands in a threatening manner. Otherwise auto-tune does the rest. The Cruise character's love interest is an archaeologist played by Annabelle Wallis who looks like she just stepped out from a Paris fashion show into an archaeological dig. Did I believe her as an archaeologist? No. Did I believe she could spell it? Sure. Either way, it doesn't matter. What does is that she and Cruise are DOA in their scenes together. No character makes much impression here, including Crowe's Dr. Jekyll who's maybe in the film for 20 minutes to explain stuff so simplistic, silly, and predictable that it hardly needs explaining at all before the film rushes through his particular ailment. For some reason screenwriters David Koepp and Christopher McQuarrie think more explanation is still warranted though and in that they couldn't be more wrong. For something trying to feel new, it's remarkably easy to tell where all this is going. Their biggest crime is what they do to New Girl's Jake Johnson, a funny actor who they turn into the Dark Universe's version of Jar Jar Binks in only five minutes. He comes in and out of the film at really odd intervals, either screaming dialogue in the hope of making it funny or giving us yet more exposition we don't really need. Add to that first time action director Alex Kurtzman is a disaster. The action sequences look haphazardly thrown together, just cartoonish and unbelievable, while a spoiler I won't give away about the Tom Cruise character makes them even harder to give a crap about anyway. The fights are stiff and uninteresting, and the special effects are either forgettable or look just as hokey as they did in the Brendan Fraser movies. The plane sequence we saw in the trailer looks pretty decent but hey, you've already seen the most decent thing in the movie, why pay to see the rest. Overall this is not just a bad film, but a film that has no idea what it even is. It wants to resurrect classic monsters, but isn't the least bit scary. It wants to take it in original directions, but winds up being an ultra-serious, dull version of the 1999 film. It's silly but not funny, it's a lot of commotion but no excitement, it's a Mummy movie that if the ending of this can even be believed, thinks it's something totally different. This is a worse start to a Universe than King Arthur was. If you liked this, check out more of Craig James Review on Youtube
bad A more appropriate title for this film would be Sorry, We Haven't Saw the First Seven Movies So We Kinda Had No Idea What the F**k We Were Doing, because clearly, the directors had clue why people like the Saw movies so much. Either that, or they didn't care. This movie lacks all the elements that define a Saw film (i.e. grotesque violence, gritty and tense atmosphere, character development, cool editing, etc). It felt like I was watching a watered down PG-13 reboot, or rather a torture porn version of the Expendables 3, minus the torture {and the porn :(}. The previous 7 films had huge cojones. The deaths were both complex and brutal, and they lingered upon every grotesque detail. Jigsaw, on the other hand, must have went from Bruce to Caitlin because this this installment lacks the balls of all its predecessors. (Films gorier and more disturbing than Jigsaw: Bambi, Howard the Duck, the Emoji Movie). Instead of giving us the brutal gory deaths that we've all come to love and expect, we just get a couple brief kills that are as bloodless as the CGI that created them. And not only were they lacking in inspiration and brutality, but so were the traps that caused the deaths. The syringe needles were a yawn, so was the grain silo. Even the bucket head trap which seemed to hold a lot of promise was over as quickly as it began (AND NOBODY DIES IN THAT PART). Overall, the game itself sucked. By the time the movie reaches it's midpoint, it's practically over. And the guy who had his leg amputated (which BTW looked pretty cartoonish) just sits on a piece of hay for half the game and one can only wonder how the f**k he didn't bleed to death by the end.Speaking of characters, they were severely underdeveloped compared to the ones of the first seven Saws. They felt more like stale pieces of meat waiting to be slaughtered. And their backstories were lame. One of the victims is abducted because she stole a woman's purse that contained her medication or something. And another victim sold a bike with crappy brakes to some guy who turns out to be...wait for it...Jigsaw's nephew (OMG so inspired and original!). On the other hand, the cops themselves weren't any better. The whole police investigation plot line seemed more like a mediocre cop drama than a Saw movie. The dialogue between the police characters only demonstrates the sloppy screen writing job this time around.And last but not least...the story itself. The whole story is painfully weak and full of everything but wit and cleverness (Although the part where John Kramer held up the bullet and said it was the key to freedom and then it turns out that the key to the victims' chains was literally inside the bullet was plausible and reminiscent of the past seven films's glory).They practically gave away the twist in the middle of the movie. Logan finds out that Eleanor is a part of some underground online Jigsaw fan base and then she takes him to her secret workshop where she's built replicas of all Jigsaw's previous traps. And then we see a replica of the spiral trap (the giant spinny thing from the trailer where the black guy is upside down and slowly being fed into it, which we see later on in the movie) and shes says that John built it ten years ago for one of his first games. That right there makes it obvious that the game we're watching actually happened ten years before the whole police investigation (Which not surprisingly, turns out to be the twist revealed towards the end). And then Logan turns out to be the new Jigsaw copycat...which would've actually been effective had there been more character development. The reason why this twist fails is because we go into the movie, already knowing that one of the characters we see is going to be the copycat. So when all the characters start pointing fingers at Halloran, we all know that it's not going to turn out to be Halloran. Another major flaw with the twist is that the game in this movie is supposedly John Kramer's first, which contradicts what was in Saw IV because in that, Cecil was established as Jigsaw's original victim...and it made sense why. By claiming that the game in Jigsaw was actually the first, it kind of tarnishes what was shown in Saw IV and makes it seem like it doesn't matter.All in all, if you're a dearly devoted fan of the Saw series like me, then prepare to have your afternoon ruined. This movie is so disappointingly underwhelming that by the time the credits roll, you'll just sit there in utter shock...at how bad it was. At best, you should stay at home and re-watch the first seven Saw films; ignoring this "installment of the franchise". And as for the screenwriters, if they want salvation for ruining a beloved horror franchise, then they should be subjected to a Jigsaw game and taught the error of their ways.
bad Not really knowing what to expect when I went to saw this, other than a parody of the recent crop of teen horror films started by Wes Craven's excellent Scream, this was utterly puerile and silly Amercian parody humour.It was well done though, unlike the Leslie Nielsen bores that we have seen in recent years.  Going by the cast list and the credits - it was definitely kept in the family though!
bad "The Leisure Seeker" (R, 1:52) is a 2017 comedy-drama directed by Paolo Virzì (helming his first English-language feature film) and based on the 2009 novel of the same name by American novelist and short story writer Michael Zadoorian. The film follows an elderly married couple on a road trip in their 1975 Winnebago from their home in Massachusetts to Key West, one last big vacation, planned by Ella Spencer (Oscar winner Dame Helen Mirren) so her husband, John (2-time Golden Globe winner and honorary Oscar recipient Donald Sutherland), can finally visit the home of his idol, Ernest Hemingway.The couple's adult children, Will (BAFTA nominee Christian McKay) and Jane (Janel Moloney, a TV veteran, best known for "The West Wing"), come close to panic when they realize their parents have left home in that old RV of the film's title. Not only are Ella and John old, but Ella is in treatment for an unspecified illness and John, who does all the driving, has unspecified memory issues. Ella sometimes calls to check in and even answers her children's cell phone calls on occasion, but only to reassure them that the couple is alright - not to reveal their location or destination - or to be talked out of anything.While Will and Jane stew (especially the high-strung Will) and argue, Ella and John have the vacation of a lifetime. Along the way, they meet people to whom they talk at length (Ella about her family and John about Hemingway), strengthen their bonds with each other, relive old memories (partly to reminisce and partly to help John hold on to those memories) and they struggle with the effects of their respective illnesses. There's also a subplot in which John repeatedly accuses Ella of wanting to go to Florida to reconnect with her boyfriend from 50 years ago. However, none of this takes their focus off the goal of reaching Key West - allowing questions about past relationships and current situations to be answered."The Leisure Seeker" takes Movie Fans on a charming, but uncomfortable trip. Mirren and Sutherland make for an adorable couple (especially Mirren, doing well with a South Carolina accent), but it's more uncomfortable than entertaining to watch Ella and John suffer (especially when Ella alternates between being sympathetic to John and acting like she doesn't understand what's going on) and also struggle to come to terms with their mortality. The pleasure in watching these two fine actors create and develop these likeable characters is more than outweighed by lazy writing & plotting and uneven directing. "C+"
bad There are so many mistakes in this, where to start? First off police constables do not go around inside a police station wearing their helmets. Secondly the police Warrant Card gives you details such as rank but not the station you are seconded to. If the inspector wanted the woman to come along to the station he can ask them or arrest them, what he can't do is get two officers to drag her out by the arms, and as for the papers leading with the banner headline 'Murderers' simply because someone has been taken in for questioning, not in this country in the fifties. The cutting of the ladder was a complete joke; you'd have to stand on the ladder to cut it through!And as for the final scenes where Glenn Close is tearing through the countryside in her sports car, if you were watching her hands on the steering wheel you would have been convinced she was driving through hairpin bends in the Alps - not driving a dead straight road in the English countryside. I just hope she doesn't really drive in that fashion.As for the actual production where it should have fizzed and popped like a Chinese firecracker, it limped along like a cripple stuck in quicksand. Whenever two actors got together they delivered their lines like they were reading them for a rehearsal. Stuffing it full of known players failed miserably.If you have anything else to do like go to the dentist and have your teeth filled, trust me it will far less painful than watching this dismal dross.
bad Lets just get this out of the way...the Kara in CW's "Supergirl" is nothing like the comic version. With that being said, I was still okay with Season 1. It definitely had its cheesy moments, and it took me a while to get over how stark of a difference this "sunny" version of Kara was from the dark, more tortured soul Kara in the actual comics. But overall, it was entertaining enough. And then Season 2 happened...Season 2 was turned into a bad romance soap opera saga with little character development for Kara and the incessant shoving of the non- heroic Mon-El in our faces. Those familiar with the comics already know that the Mon-El depicted in the show is nothing like the Mon-El we know from the comics. Not only that, but he and Kara never had a romance. I get that these shows aren't going to follow the comics every time. But why were we given a sexist, disrespectful frat boy version of Mon-El in a show that likes to tout itself as being "feminist?" Because there was absolutely nothing feminist with how Mon-El treated Kara throughout Season 2. Frankly it was insulting to watch their poor excuse of a "romance" play out when he did nothing buy disrespect her, disregard her advice, spew out sexist after sexist comment, and argued with her incessantly. It was flat out gross to watch. Kara didn't grow as a character in Season 2. Instead she got dragged down by Mon-El and was reduced to being the love interest even though she's supposed to be the main character of her show just so that a spoiled man-child could be propped up as "heroic." Which, by the way, Mon-El never once proved he was a hero. Instead we were just told over and over that he was and that he had changed without any physical storytelling proof. There were so many plot holes that were never resolved. One good thing Season 2 had going for it was the CADMUS story line. But that never played out. Katie McGrath's Lena Luthor was really the only character that kept my watching. And unfortunately, I don't think she will be enough to keep me watching Season 3 since the powers that be think that Mon-El is an awesome character and will continue to be a part of Supergirl. No thanks. Here's a clue, heads of CW, Supergirl show runners and writers, just because two actors are dating each other, it doesn't mean a bad story line that has gotten plenty of media and fan backlash is "the right story to tell." But have fun continuing to lose viewers with that way of thinking. Because I, for one, won't be tuning in to see more of the Mon-El show!
bad It seems that in 'Alien: Covenant', Ridley Scott and his writers tried to use the best loved elements from previous Alien installments to appease those fans of the franchise who hated 'Prometheus' - but perhaps also to camouflage their intention to make a far meaner and less conventional blockbuster than what modern audiences (and studios) are willing to accept in this age of superheroes. It was my impression that what on the surface appears to be a very straight forward - and some might even say derivative - retread of familiar story beats is actually just a ploy to delve even deeper into the themes explored in 'Prometheus'. Because 'Alien: Covenant' not only continues to "dissect" the creator/creation/creature dynamic: it brings the android David's storyline to its perverse, if somewhat logical, conclusion.Now if you hated 'Prometheus', or just dismissed it as a dumb movie where most characters are stupid and nothing is explained or makes sense, you won't find much to like in the less conventional story elements in 'Alien: Covenant', and you might as well stop reading this review now (btw, if you still have questions about 'Prometheus', you'll find a link to an article explaining everything by clicking on my username). But if you DID like it - or at least found its maliciously ironic religious subtext and musings on creation fascinating - you'll probably find some aspects of 'Alien: Covenant' highly enjoyable. As you might recall, the cycle of creation depicted in 'Prometheus' goes as follows: the Gods (aka "the Engineers") create mankind - mankind creates David - David in turn starts to experiment on his creators (the humans) in order to create something new.The totally insane - and hilariously mean spirited - continuation/escalation of that cycle in 'Alien: Covenant' (beware: spoilers abound for the whole movie follow): David's ambition to make the jump from creation to creator has grown exponentially; it now entails nothing less than to exterminate the Gods, as well as experimenting on them - which makes him kind of hard to top in the mad scientist (or mad killer robot) department. By killing the Gods, he, the unworthy machine and "2nd class" creation conquers "Paradise/Heaven" and becomes the sole creator (humans are degraded to the status of lab-rats), thereby closing the cycle started in 'Prometheus'.Admittedly, the film is uneven in terms of story and pacing - but I admire its ambition. 'Alien: Covenant' is a fascinating hybrid which somehow halfway through its running time turns from relatively straight sci-fi and very familiar Alien terrain into a brooding, Gothic horror film (at least for a while before it turns back into a more conventional sci-fi/action film). In the Gothic part of the film, the man-made monster/creature (David) has turned the table and assumed the role of Dr. Frankenstein to make creatures of his own design. These creatures - who appear to be the first actual Xenomorphs - reflect and reveal who/what David really is and how deceiving his human looks are. For although he inherited some very human traits from his creator (emotions, curiosity, ego, the urge to create - among others) he is still a machine adhering to a logic that is ultimately as alien (pun intended) to a human being as the Xenomorph itself - and as lethal. Which is why it makes complete sense that David is the "designer" of this perfect, machine-like organism (Swiss artist H.R. Giger, who created the original Alien, called it "biomechanoid" for a reason).In 'Alien: Covenant', David is the humans' - and humanity's - ultimate adversary; in fact, for the purpose of the story told in the film, he is the Devil (he even quotes Satan's famous lines from John Milton's epic poem 'Paradise Lost'). Now if the Devil in this tale were to create life in HIS own image (his REAL image - for David was only given human features to make interaction with him more "comfortable" for the humans), surely, he would create demons: and isn't the Xenomorph the ultimate demon sprung straight from the darkest pits of Hell? That 'Alien: Covenant' is essentially a riff on Milton's 'Paradise Lost' was the most surprising aspect of the film for me. David's story-line follows Satan's (quite literal) ascent to Heaven (Paradise), where he kills the Gods and starts his own rule, thus turning it into Hell and ending the age of man (and for those of you who think I'm reaching a little here: the film's title was originally supposed to be 'Alien: Paradise Lost'). Now regardless whether you liked the film or not, you have to admit: that's not exactly the texture of a generic, conventional blockbuster, right?At the end of the film, David is aboard the spaceship Covenant - which he has turned into a perverted version of Noah's Arch - and travels to a new world where he plans to start his new version of Genesis. He might even start a new religion: the Bible as written by a mad killer robot with a god complex (just think about how crazy demented - and completely wonderful - that sounds). Imagine the Lovecraftian nightmare he will create and what creatures will populate "his" version of Earth. I would love a sequel to 'Alien: Covenant' to take us there and finally fully descend into madness. It would be the logical next step: after the human protagonists visited an angry god in 'Prometheus' who wanted to destroy humanity, and then discover that Heaven is empty and the Gods are all dead in 'Alien: Covenant', they should next visit the Devil in his newly created Hell. My suggestion for a title: 'Alien: Genesis'.Favorite films: IMDb.com/list/mkjOKvqlSBs/Lesser-Known Masterpieces: imdb.com/list/ls070242495/Favorite Low-Budget and B-Movies: imdb.com/list/ls054808375/Favorite TV-Shows reviewed: imdb.com/list/ls075552387/
bad I have been a Pixar fan since the Luxo Jr. days and watched their acquisition by Disney with trepidation. After seeing Inside Out, it appears that the Disneyfication of Pixar is now complete. This movie is just another one of those execrable Disney Tinkerbell movies with better actors and animation. It is so insipid that I wanted to leave within the first two minutes (ok, I actually wanted to leave during the horrible short that preceded it.) There was much laughter in the audience; all of it from children under the age of 6. Pixar movies always entertained people of all ages with their clever plots, excellent acting, and beautiful graphics. The animation of Inside Out was decent, the cast excellent, but I have nothing good to say about the rest. The plot was extremely derivative. There was absolutely no surprise about what was going to happen - once they set up the premise, it was obvious that we were doomed to another hour of their trying to get back, with mishaps along the way and the inevitable happy ending. It reminded me of the Mystery Science Theatre 3000 rock climbing episode (for those of you in the know). Even my teenager and her friend thought the movie and short were "babyish". I'm waiting until they make a princess sequel and have a ride named after it at Disneyland. Bye, bye Pixar. I'll miss you.
bad If you are going to pick a lead actress, at least pick one who can act and has depth. I don't care how many movies she's made. IT WAS AWFUL.And the trailer was definitely misleading as story didn't pan out as someone fighting the system but as someone joining in and egging on the worst instincts in this cult and the public. I guess that does represent much of this world today, but still.Bad acting, bad writing, bad ending...don't waste your time.
bad When Shake It Up ended its prescribed three year run on the Disney Channel one of its stars Zendaya immediately went into a new series. Not that Shake It Up was exactly Shakespeare, but Zendaya is a good dancer and all around musical performer so if you didn't like an episode or even thought the show itself was bad there was always some nice musical numbers.On this new one where Zendaya plays your typical Disney teen who discovers her parents are actually spies, they decide to bring her into the program. Nothing new here that hasn't been in such things as Cody Banks or Spy Kids in their many incarnations.Instead of dance we get karate, Zendaya's been training since she was a little kid and now we see those skills. Maybe Chuck Norris will do a guest appearance at some point.The Magic Kingdom is really getting silly these days, but I'm sure the young ones will like it, KC Undercover won't tax the gray cells too much.
bad Let me start by saying that I didn't like the first "Now You See Me", but I would rate it a 6/10 just for the fact it was SOMEWHAT enjoyable. The sequel is a movie that probably nobody asked for, but yet they did it anyway. 2 hours of poorly directed and written nonsense.SOME vague spoilers ahead, though you won't care about them at all.THE PLOT The plot tries to twist and turn a couple of times, but it is just a straight line. To try and spice it up they tried the twist with Morgan Freeman's character, but nobody believed it, not even Mr. Freeman.THE MAGIC A movie about magic should not be a movie about CGI, which the first movie was and now the second. The Illusionist and The Prestige were doing their magic tricks for the audience IN the movie, for the crowd in that universe. This one does the tricks just for the people watching the movie. Need to make someone disappear? Of course there will be a cut. Need to make someone escape? They simply transform into water. How? Who cares, a magician never reveals his tricks (hint: CGI). THE LOGISTICS A bunch of random magicians can take over the whole of London on New Year's Eve in half a day without preparation. They can also somehow broadcast their tricks LIVE all over the world, on all TVs in all city centers, etc.THE PANDERING TO THE Chinese MARKET Yes I know that "entertaining" movies nowadays always have something for the Chinese market: a character, a vase, a flashback scene, etc. But this one went all in: mystical characters that know and see everything, they help the protagonists without a second thought, etc. Oh and did I mention they are literally going to China for some reason, just to show what a great place it is?THE HEIST SCENE (FLYING CARD) God please make it stop. A 10-minutes scene with a quintillion number of ways it can go wrong - everything works out. How to prevent a heist like that? A single security camera in the room and an underpaid guard watching it. Done.THE FEMALE CHARACTER Jesus Christ, don't get me started on Lizzy Caplan's character. With a couple of attempts at witty lines about misogyny and discrimination, her character was a caricature of a female character.JESSE EISENBERG No.
bad for children of around 12. however that may be an insult to some 12 years olds.it's poorly written, badly acted and so false and glitzy it goes totally beyond any form of reality or belief.I really couldn't watch a whole episode as it was totally cringe worthy.if you want characters and realism don't really don't watch this.anyone think it will get a second series ???? I would rather walk home in a blizzard than watch this fiasco.well the issue is that I have to write ten lines about this rubbish. so how do I say it in a different way ?it is bad, so bad really bad. trust me Jason borne it is not.
bad Political correctness is not something I usually expect to see in an Italian cannibal gut-muncher flick, and there's none to be found in CANNIBAL HOLOCAUST. But the filmmakers would like you to think there's some in there, and that, in a way, actually hinders what could have been a really powerful movie.Not that CANNIBAL HOLOCAUST isn't outrageously violent and extremely disturbing at times, but like so many other "serious" exploitation movies (e.g. SALO, MEN BEHIND THE SUN), the filmmakers go so far over the top depicting the spilling of blood and guts that whatever points they purport to want to make are drowned in their own gruesome sensationalism.This is especially counter-productive in CANNIBAL HOLOCAUST because it is the very thing that director Ruggero Deodatto claims to be satirizing. The movie lacks the sophistication of George Romero's DAWN OF THE DEAD or Stanley Kubrick's CLOCKWORK ORANGE, two similar movies which tackle their social commentary with wit and style.It's similar to (and better than) Oliver Stone's NATURAL BORN KILLERS, in that it claims to be a satire of the media's passion for presenting violence and depravity to audiences who eat it up, while it's really just an exploitation of it. Deodatto, like Stone, smacks you over the head with a bludgeon, making his points so obviously and self-righteously that they go right out the window, and the movie winds up being little more than a freakshow of eye-popping special effects and nauseating live animal slaughter.The animal slaughter in CANNIBAL HOLOCAUST is especially offensive, more so than any other of this odd subgenre, because most of it is perpetrated by the explorers and not the (supposedly real) native cannibal tribe. In CANNIBAL FEROX and JUNGLE HOLOCAUST, one can make an attempt to condone the violence against animals only because it appears to be committed by jungle dwelling people as part of their natural routine. One cannot make the same excuse for CANNIBAL HOLOCAUST.But if you're looking for outlandish sleaze and carnage, look no further than CANNIBAL HOLOCAUST. It's definitely a must-see for any self-respecting cannibal movie fan. Everyone else should steer way, way clear.It was obviously an inspiration for both THE LAST BROADCAST and THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT.
bad Excellent. A great, great movie. I saw it last night at a special screening and must say it was a tour de force. Even though Boston is not really a gritty town Scorsese was able to capture a darker side of the city. Coming from that area, I am always concerned when actors put on the local accent as it tends to be distracting rather than supportive. However, with local pros like Damon and Wahlberg they were able to really grab hold of it and not go overboard... most of the time. The true stand out performance has to go to DiCaprio. He has really come into his since hooking up with Scorsese, having scored a number of original performances all of which have expanded his range. He really snagged onto a deep and tragic character and created something that will hopefully be recognized come awards season. One of my favorite aspects was the friendly hostility the characters had for each other. It is a specific trademark that I have never noticed in any other city. In Boston, when you are really close with someone (or not really) it is, more or less, a requirement to bust their balls and shoot cruel insults back and forth in rhythmic banter. That detail was extensively realized in THE DEPARTED and I doubt anybody who was raised outside of the metro Boston area, or at least visited at some point, would find it nearly as hilarious as those who were. As for Scorsese's direction, I think he scored big with this one. While many have criticized that his movies have become more commercial I believe that he has just evolved. There were some classic Scorsese moments here, my favorite being a scene where DiCaprio is alone and packing his things in his apartment. Beautifully cut and stylistically directed. Is it his best effort? No. But it still is truly mesmerizing. He has created something truly special from a city that is highly underrated.
bad We very much enjoyed Spinning Man for a variety of reasons. It's a well written psychological mystery which plays a philosophy professor's search for ultimate truth against that of a detective's desire to solve a crime. It reminded us of the thrillers/mysteries of the past because it didn't rely on action scenes and special effects, so it was more realistic and easy to get into. There's more to this movie than it appears at first glance, and we admit to going back and watching parts of it a second time to enjoy the parallels. All the actors are well suited to their roles. We have no complaints. It was well directed and the script written to leave folks wondering right until the very end. A problem we have with many of today's thrillers is that they're overwritten for effect, or overacted - this is neither. It's evenly spaced, and moves well, and it's not all that far-fetched, so therefore, draws the viewer in. If you've seen North by Northwest, or Rear Window, while the plots are totally different, Spinning Man moves at a similar pace. Our family is glad we watched it and have no regrets.
bad Too many morons will believe this is a factual film and those idiots will pass it on as such. It is an insult to the veterans of WWII, and an insult to the intelligence of film goers. The trailer for the film is a piece of misleading garbage that has little to do with the film, and the group portrayed in the trailer should have been called "The Inglourious Idiots". Added to all the above is the fact that too many Hollywood drug addicts think that having most of the film in a foreign language makes it a better film. That just proves that much of the Hollywood crowd is a bunch of snobbish, self-important, elitist, and truly uncreative a**es that do not know how to make a good film. I have never been more disappointed in a film. The high point of the movie is Brad Pitt (Angelina Jolie's live-in). His pitiful imitation of the Billy Bob Thornton (One of Angelina's many former squeezes)character in "Slingblade" was hilarious. The attempt to copy Billy Bob is soooooo bad that Pitt should be at the top of the list for that "Rotten Tomato" award.. Sheesh, when will film makers try to actually make a good film again. Of the last 100 I've watched, there have been two I'd like to see again. This one is 101 on the list...
bad Unless you wish to become accustomed to vomiting in your mouth, swallowing it, and repeating ad nauseum, avoid this movie or fetch a sofa-side bucket. The 'romance' between the two main characters is cheesy and unconvincing and will make you sick to the teeth. He looks about 12, she's probably pushing 30. All kinds of stupid and wrong. I give it a 2 just because its got 'Mars' in it.
bad I saw this movie last night with my girlfriend and we were expecting a romantic comedy but what we saw did not have much romance or comedy.This movie is about an unappealing and dull surgeon that (for some reason that I never understood) fell in "love" with a completely unappealing, dull, dumb free-spirited woman that doesn't seemed to have absolutely nothing in common with. That's the main problem with this movie. Amy Schumer's character is completely unlikeable the whole movie and I keep trying to figure out what the men that went out with her saw in her!! There was absolutely nothing attractive, cute, charming, spunky and/or wise about her personality. To make things worse she is not physically attractive. I know her character is supposed to be unlikeable, but dammit not the whole movie!!The second problem with the movie is fails as a romantic one. I did not feel anything for the characters. They did not have anything in common and I am still trying figuring out how the hell they clicked. For this I blame the script. The are not enough situations in the movie showing how their connection grow. They had nothing in common!! They just had dinner and sex and they love each other. Did I mention that there was absolutely nothing attractive, cute, charming, spunky and/or wise about Amy's personality and to make things worse she is not physically attractive. When the doctor told Amy "I love you" I rolled up my eyes in disbelief.The movie is also way too long and in many parts slow and boring. We laugh about four times during the whole movie. Many people left the cinema half way through.I did enjoy Tilda Swinton's Dianna.While watching this movie I kept thinking about "When Harry met Sally" a far superior film.
bad Greetings again from the darkness. Why, Billy Ray, why? It's not surprising that Hollywood green-lighted the Americanization of the 2010 Oscar winner for Best Foreign Language film, El secreto de sus ojos. That original from Argentina is exemplary filmmaking and a thoroughly entertaining and compelling mystery-thriller; a must-see for any true film lover. Even if an Oscar-studded cast is hired (2 Oscar winners, 8 nominations), the guiding inspiration for a remake should be more than losing the subtitles and filming Julia Roberts without make-up.The story balances two timelines spanning 13 years. Jess (Ms. Roberts) is an investigator who works with FBI Agent Ray (Chiwetel Ejiofor), Assistant District Attorney Claire (Nicole Kidman), and a blustering District Attorney played by Alfred Molina. When Jess' daughter is brutally murdered, the investigation is impacted by the suspect's role as a department snitch. When we catch up all those years later, the unrequited attraction between now former FBI Agent Ray and now DA Claire is as strong as ever; Jess' appearance is on par with someone suffering from a terminal illness, and the murder still hovers over these characters as if it had occurred last week.It's a fascinating story that was handled superbly in the original, yet mostly comes across as uninspired in this latest project. At times, it's even a bit confusing in how the two eras are handled. The score from Emilio Kauderer and a couple of fine scenes from Ms. Roberts (although she gets no credit here for appearing sans-makeup) are the best parts of this one. Otherwise, Mr. Ejiofor (usually a fine actor) goes over-the-top, while Ms. Kidman is simply miscast and unable to generate the proficiency required for her position. Other support work comes courtesy of Dean Norris ("Breaking Bad"), Michael Kelly ("House of Cards") and Zoe Graham.Other than lacking the grit and realism of the original, the editing and camera work (so exceptional in the first version) at times come off as amateurish this time around. The soccer/futbol sequence from the original is replaced with Dodgers baseball (Chavez Ravine and Vin Scully) and a link to former Manager Walt Alston. Normally that would be considered an improvement, but again, these fall short and fail to generate the necessary suspense. A weak impersonation of the famous long-tracking shot certainly doesn't help.For anyone who hasn't seen writer/director Juan Jose Campanella's (an Executive Producer here) excellent original, this version from Billy Ray (Shattered Glass) might prove interesting enough; however, those same folks are strongly encouraged to instead track down the original, and experience the emotional depth and filmmaking expertise that made it such a worthy Oscar winner.
bad I took our 12 year old daughter to see this movie and we both loved it. She was not thrilled when I told her we were going to see a film that told a story from the civil rights era but when we left she said she loved it because of the women's courage, their humor and the power of their friendships. We had never seen most of the actors which was refreshing and the acting by the entire cast made it easy to get totally involved. I laughed out loud and shed quite a few tears in The Help, and will remember it and recommend it to my friends. It was wonderful to see so many scenes in which the actors related to each other so perfectly. Even the vilest characters showed moments of conflict within themselves as they played out poor behavior that had long been inbred in them. I am especially grateful to the team who provided a film that told an engaging story about human relationships with important lessons for my daughter. That is a rare occurrence in today's movies.
bad A movie with so many plot holes you can drive a truck through it.A talented director could cover the holes up but alas that doesn't happen. A script that makes very little sense even for a horror film. Sometimes it seems like they where thinking about making a spoof. Yet the director could not make up his mind what he was going for.The actors do try their best and that's why it gets 2 stars.
bad I have enjoyed most of the Nicolas Winding Refn films I've seen. I love both Bronson and Drive. I tried to like Only God Forgives, but couldn't. I came into The Neon Demon with neutral expectations. I walked out of the end credits disgusted with myself for not having left sooner.The Neon Demon is vapid, soulless trash. It is despicable drivel. It is irresponsible. It is made without a sense of accountability to taste or reason. It is a bafflingly inept attempt at surrealism, where caricatures are passed off as characters, and bright, pretty lights and colors as compelling imagery. The potentially interesting (if trite) theme of the moral and emotional emptiness of the modeling industry is presented in a laughably inane way, as if it were a fresh, vital artistic insight.If Only God Forgives was nudging audience members in the ribs a bit too hard, The Neon Demon kicks us in the groin. Repeatedly.This is true both in the film's style and content. I'm a firm believer that any subject can be dealt with in a film. There is a line of decency and human concern that is usually difficult to discern, and is obviously highly subjective. Shocking scenes will often polarize viewers, and, usually, there are legitimate points to be made on either side. Neon demon goes miles over that line. There is no defense for a scene where over the course of what I would estimate to be a couple minutes of screen time, a woman molests a female corpse. The audience sees and hears almost everything. I won't go into further detail. Unfortunately, Refn did. If this weren't bad enough, this footage is intercut with an abstract representation of the woman's fantasy about an underage girl who earlier rejected the woman's advances. The girl is 16 in the film, and Elle Fanning was either 16 or 17 at the time of filming. I don't consider myself a prude when it comes to dark topics in film. As I said, I firmly believe there are tasteful (or at least acceptable) ways to handle any issue through the medium of film. An example of a film which is uncompromising in depicting evil and yet doesn't cross the line is The Silence of the Lambs. However awful the acts of Hannibal or Buffalo Bill are in that movie, the film is made from a place of heart, of empathy for the victims, a place of humaneness. It doesn't revel in the crimes of its villains. We are meant to be sickened by them. When Hannibal clobbers a policeman (nearly?) to death, the director is very selective in what we see, focusing in on Lecter's demonic glee. It's a thrilling, gut wrenching scene. In Neon Demon's necrophilia scene, everything is fair game. A large part of the reason this scene is so reprehensible to me is that it seems almost as if it's meant to be titillating.I wonder: How would this film have been received if the necrophile were a man molesting a female corpse?It's disheartening to me that a small minority of people seeing this film actually like it. I can't help but think (and hope?) that they're simply fooling themselves, that their affection for Refn's previous, far superior films is being unduly extended over this one. As with Only God Forgives, perhaps the cinematography is distracting enough for them to forgive its fundamental storytelling flaws.But even though I found The Neon Demon intermittently nice to look at, and in spite of my adoration for the genius of Drive and Bronson, I hate this film. Even if I was to pretend there was no sickeningly indulgent necrophilia scene, or other lingering, exploitative shots which directly contradict the premise that the film is an indictment of the male gaze, I would still hate this film, simply because it is so bad.
bad this movie is completely inferior to Infernal Affairs on just about every level possibleIA anticipated an audience with a brain cell or two, and so explains during the title sequence what it takes this remake around 30 minutes or more to explain. repeat, during the *title sequence* we are given all of the information we need to know about the informant plants (which btw were realistically placed some considerable time in the past, rather than several months ago) and are then straight into the moviescorsese takes this fabulous material and then dumbs it down to spoon feed it to a western audience. all of the sharp and intelligent dialogue of the original is gone in favour of your usual Hollywood 4 word expletives. every other word in this film is an F word, and they are mostly totally unnecessary. all of the stylish camera work of the original is lost, for example the ultra cool roof top meets. and to top it the casting and performances are dry and badnicholson gives us a performance which is no more than good old bottled vintage jack. here's jack doing an impression of a rat etc etc, yawn.di caprio is good as usual but still doesn't nail the performance mostly because he doesn't physically suit the part. he just doesn't look tough enough for the challenge (as presented in the departed)wahlberg on the other hand tough's it up to the Nth degree, and is just absolutely atrocious. this man is working in a high level intelligence department and he plays it like a street cop. it's a totally inappropriate display and really reveals his limitations as an actormatt damon is just too plain, he is just totally unmemorable in this moviefor a director who used to be at the cutting edge of cinema, this is a fat and lazy remake of a lean and mean original movie/trilogy which i urge you strongly to see. time for scorsese to hit the gym and go back to basicsfor people unaware of the original i'm sure they'll be blown away by the incredibly intricate plot in scorsese's departed. unfortunately what they probably won't know is that this is a dumb rehash of Infernal Affairs
bad I had been looking forward to this movie because the trailers made it look like it had potential to be a lot of fun. Unfortunately it lived up to none of that potential. Horrendous acting, insultingly cheesy special effects, confusing directing, and a clumsily written screenplay made for a punitive moviegoing experience. My nephew was bored five minutes in, and I was cringing. I am shocked that Disney released this in theaters. They usually have more respect for their customers.
bad This terrible show is another failed attempt by Disney channel to appeal to girls (and sadly some boys) between the ages of 10-14. The acting on the show is really annoying, and worst of all they make little annoying kids say "aaa oh!". Then the little kids see it, and think it originated from Hannah Montana. Little kids running around everywhere screaming "aaa oh!" (the RICO kid is the main culprit. one of the worst parts of the show is how it gives the idea that Hannah is a nice person. Yeah right. A girl like her would make fun of people for looking different than her: for example... if a kid did not have long hair and ride a skateboard she would call him a nerd and toy around with his emotions! The character is shallow and cruel. I am also sick with how Disney gives every boy in their shows long hair. oliver looks like a girl! It is making everyone now-a-days look alike. Why doesn't he grow a Mohawk, or even a mullet. anything to end this fad of looking like a skateboarder. Now i'm even for bringing back Spike hair. (i am also enraged at boys wearing tight pants. yeah they think they look cool now, but how will they feel in 15 years when they are sterile...)how cool would it be if every boy on the show looked different. the oliver kid could have a mullet, Jackson could have a Mohawk...etc. This domination of white kids with long hair and tight pants is really annoying..and shows like Hannah Montana aren't helping! Disney! bring back good shows. don't produce tripe like Hannah Montana that teaches kids to be fashion Na-z-is to one another!
bad i have a really big guilty pleasure, and that is that i watch the power rangers, i only watch the first seasons w Jason, Kimberly billy trini zack and tommy and then some w rocky aisha and adam, thats my guilty pleasure of all time i think. i really wish that i could go back in the day and watch them all over again, and be in awe like i was when i was little, and trying 2 be like one of the rangers, i always wanted 2 be like Jason just bc he was the first leader and i thought that he was the best. i think the best episodes were where tommy came into the picture and became the green ranger and gave the rangers a run for their money and when they all got defeated, i thought that it was the end of the rangers, but when in doubt, alpha 5 is always there when the day needs 2 be saved. when i looking on this site i decided to look up the power rangers and see what they were doing now days, i was sad 2 hear that thuy trang, (trini the yellow ranger) died back in 01, i also remember trying 2 collect all the zords and rangers i think i almost had everyone of them and then i started getting older and not wanting 2 play w toys anymore, i don't know what i did w all my toys, but in a weird way i still wish i had them, so that i could reflect on the good ole days.
bad The movie is almost the exact same as the first one. Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson have no chemistry. Feels like they didn't even attempt to try and do better than the first one. There are about four or five plot holes that had potential but if written well, they would have made it work on screen.Cheesy, terrible and cringe-worthy dialogue. The sex scenes are not sexy, and what makes them even less sexy is the music during the scenes. The MAJOR problem I had with the film is how Anastasia is written. This is yet another weak female character on screen who likes to be bossed around and controlled by Jamie Dornan's character, Christian. If you are fans of the book, I think you might enjoy it but they should have just left them as books. The dialogue and characters are written badly on paper but the author manages to make it work somehow.
bad If you like the terrible three from the Comedy Central hit Workaholics, then you will love it. If you have never seen the show, you may just miss the humor. Admittedly, I love the show, so I really liked the movie. Over the top fun.
bad Plot: Warrior princess Snow White takes on the wicked queen with a little help from people she barely knows. Drive-in Rating: Yield right of way. Just to get it out of the way, I don't understand the appeal of Kristen Stewart as an actress. She always has the look of a stuck up brat to me. There, done with the casting critique.The movie was visually stunning and Charlize Theron made for a truly wicked-good Queen. Chris Hemsworth was compelling (in a vacuum) and the dwarfs (casting controversy aside) were engaging. I love that the writers know their fairy tales enough to remember what properly lives under a bridge!...but I didn't find myself rooting for the entitled heroine or her comrades. The story idea was good enough but the writers tried to pack so many concepts into 127 minutes that they forgot a little character and conflict development. Even the most compelling scenes, the final kiss for example, left much to be desired (I'm not spoiling anything by telling you there's a kiss, it's a well-known plot point in the fairy tale). In addition, there were some unacceptable leaps in logic (for example, what compelled the Queen's brother to tell the Huntsman the truth about his wife?).And finally, is there an award for the least compelling title of the year? "Fairest Blood" immediately comes to mind as a reasonable alternative.If you pay to see this in the theater, make sure it's because you want to see the visuals on the big screen.
bad Everything, Everything is a very good movie for the following reasons.1. It is a very good looking movie. The hustle and bustle of city life, the peace of suburban life, and the beauty of the ocean are wonderfully captured.2. It has wonderful animation.3. It has very tender performances from all the actors. The actors made me really care about the characters.4. The main characters are intelligent, interesting and complex.5. It is an interracial love story that never focused on race. The story's focus is on the beautiful beginning of a relationship between a young couple that evolves into love.Everything, Everything is a wonderful summer sleeper hit movie!
bad OK, maybe this movie isn't aimed at "mature" audiences, but for adults looking for a trashy good time at the movies then you won't get a movie any better than this. If you want to see unrelenting brutality & most of Eva Green you will get your money's worth & then some. Green totally owns the "Dame" role that she was perfectly cast for. When her story ends the movie does drop off (fortunately her story is most of the movie).The "Sin City look" is enhanced by 3D (I normally avoid 3D) & rates as one of the best uses of 3D I've ever seen. Fans (like me) of Miller's "A Dame To Kill For" comic book will be thrilled at it's obsessive loyalty to word & frame screen treatment. It looks fantastic! (Maybe, I mean to say that Green looks fantastic. It's both.) I don't get all the criticism of how this "look" has grown tiresome --not for me in 3D.All the actors in big roles to small look like they are having a sinful amount of fun, but Joseph Gordon-Levitt is almost as strong as Green in a new role in one the new stories written for the movie. If you saw "Looper" (or "Inception") you already know that JGL can play a tough guy despite his physical size.Make no mistake this movie is a feature length Roadrunner cartoon for adults --emphasis on "adults"--with all of the ridiculous action & over- the-top violence that only a cartoon can get away with because of the way it's rendered.(No kids, please: there is just enough gore that isn't so cartoonish to make it unfit for children.)Like the first Sin City 9 years ago, this new Sin City is B-movie bliss. (I still don't like Jessica Alba as "Nancy".)
bad I was a little curious about this show after seeing the Southpark ripping. I had no idea what was going on because i don't watch most TV shows. I've never seen any of the people on the show except the "Snookie", i had to google that after seeing southpark. So anyway last night i was watching a show at a friends house and they had "the situation" on it. It was a roast for Trump on Comedy Central (DAMN they can say anything on TV nowadays) I didn't know most of the people on there but was well acquainted with them by the time "the situation" came up to do his "comedy" OH MY GOD he was so awful, i think people started feeling sorry for him after he wouldn't stop. It was like seeing a little baby laying on the train tracks, the trains coming but you can't stop it.
bad I must say, Art the clown is far creepier than any other clowns in horror movies. Pennywise from the 2017 IT can not compare to Art. The design and the way Art mimes and taunts his victims are extremely well down and unsettling. But, the movie on whole is just above average, it starts out great, with the clown stalking to girls late Halloween night. The first part is way better than the second half, although the kills are extremely violent, it's so cartoony and over the top it's almost laughable. The atmosphere is alright, it takes place is some type of abandoned warehouse. Like I said, the second part of the movie somewhat drags and their are many cliches and dumb character decisions that are typical in horror movies.So, I would probably recommend this movie, but mostly just to see how creepy the main clown antagonist is. I really think this is by far the scariest clown I have seen, and I am not one of the many scared by them.
bad Where to start, where to start? This is probably the main problem of the DCU at the moment. They're playing catchup to Marvel, they see Avengers they want in. The problem is, Marvel have spent 4,5 & 6 movies setting it up. We care if Cap gets hurt, we understand the Hulks turmoil and we saw Starks motivation for donning the suit. But here we're introduced to a whole new cast, backstory and all, in 30 mins tops. It just doesn't work, it's rushed, it's lazy and it has no effect in making the audience care about these characters; which in a movie where the stakes are so high, does not bode well. So here's what I thought of each character:Will Smiths Deadshot - has by far the most screen time and manages to annoy in every single scene. He hits all the clichés, slo-mo gun catch, CHECK. Says the movie title, CHECK. Even when he's playing a cold blooded assassin, he's a good guy. Rating 2/10Margot Robbies Harley Quinn - looks the part, has the voice, has the insanity. It works well. Some of the jokes miss and some of her stuff is very repetitive but she's the best of a bad bunch (pun intended) Rating 7/10 (let down by the writing, she's great as Harley)Jai Courtney's Boomerang - here's something I never thought I'd write. Jai Courtney acted well in this film. Criminally underused, could have been such a Deadpool-esque self aware character but again the writing (and Will Smiths screen time) sold him short. Rating 6/10Jay Hernandez El Diablo - starts off boring, does some fire stuff and some CGI stuff. Lame. Rating 3/10Viola Davis Amanda Waller - the best part of this film, even if her motivation is kind of all over the place. She's menacing, but justifies it. Rating 9/10Cara D Enchantress - Abysmal. She can't act, simple as. Why she got the job is beyond me. She's monotone, she has no emotion, she just can't act. Stop. Stop giving her parts. She's awful. Rating 0/10Joel K Rick Flag - Insipid. Boring. Tom Hardy would have been miles better. But I wouldn't want to hurt his career by being in this trash. Rating 2/10Killer Croc 4/10 pointlessKatana 3/10 pointlessSlipknot 0/10 pointlessBatman 0/10 pointless (just in it so he can be in the trailer and sell more tickets)Jared Leto Joker - Pointless. Again only for the trailer to sell tickets. He's weird, he's creepy, but he is NOT the Joker. He's Scarface with mental problems and a fetish for tattoos. They used very similar imagery to Heath Ledgers in some scenes. But then went batshit crazy (pun intended) in others. Unlike Heaths Joker who had a clear plan of just wanting chaos, this Joker is just meh. Take him out of the scenes he's in and it wouldn't change the scene, take his scenes out of the movie and it wouldn't change the movie. He's hardly in it but he gets a 10/10 for disappointing in every scene he's in. Rating -10/10Finally, it wants to be the avengers, it wants to be Guardians of the Galaxy, it wants to be the Dark Knight, it wants to be Deadpool, in the end it was just another DCU film. A ringing endorsement if ever there was one.
bad Derivative, condescending, infantile. Bad acting and worse writing. Other than that...
bad Guess what? The same story that has been told over and over again is told here once more. It brings absolutely nothing new to the table. It just feels like another soulless and rubbish attempt at rebooting the style of the 80's martial arts classics, and this one in particular falls very short. Not worth watching.PROS: * Somewhat acceptable directing - nothing special, but at least most of the shots and action sequences are ok.* Sets and scenery fit just about fine with the story - production design is suitable.* Fighting sequences are pretty average but have the right balance between flashiness and realistic combat. Always grateful to the martial artists that work in these films and their commitment to the entertainment industry.CONS: * Weird transitions between some of the scenes and choppy editing are a big distraction that makes the movie look bad.* Goofy in-movie subtitles (words in different colors and sizes) are unnecessary and very distracting. This particularly makes the movie look amateurly made.* Bad acting all the way through - line delivery is extremely cringy and painfully weak.* Terrible writing - lines are extra cheesy and utterly laughable. Arguably an 8th grader could've written a better script. The movie obviously relies in making dumb excuses all the way through to keep some of the action and unnecessary fighting scenes going.* It brings absolutely nothing new to the genre - makes it another forgettable and sadly unoriginal martial arts film.
bad I can't believe I sat through this entire movie. I can't believe Stephanie Meyer approves of it. I can't believe the acting is so dreadful. I can't believe some people actually think this is an all-right, let alone great, ending to the movie franchise. Admittedly, I am inclined to be negatively critical of movies that are not faithful to the original story or characters on which they are based - especially if I liked the original. I was mildly tolerant of the 4 movies leading up to this one because I felt the important parts of the story lines were there even though the actors didn't measure up to the characters that had formed in my mind from reading the books. This final movie, on the other hand, rushes through the story barely touching on some parts I feel are important, in order to include a culminating scene which is not part of the original story, and which itself has to be absurdly unbelievable to any fan of the book series. Two actors, Lautner and Sheen, do the best they can with the terrible dialoge they were given, but not one other character utters a believable syllable the entire time. I should have stayed home and re-read the book, and would heartily advise others to do the same.
bad =spoiler-I just came back from watching this at the cinema. I only read the book two weeks ago after seeing the trailer and was so hooked went and got the second book. Well this film does the book no justice. Half the characters are missing and the main characters in the book do not have the same characteristics. I found it completely different. Its almost like they re-wrote the whole book (a very sub-standard version). I almost left half way through the movies but stayed just to see it through. The end of the movie. I'm sorry, but it was completely awful. I don't know how they could even make the sequel as half the main characters aren't even there.Ridiculous.Rant over
bad i would like to start this with the usual compliment of something in film but,, this has nothing worth mentioning. the characters are generic and corny.. it turns into a dumb story about the dad that died in the safe. Morgan and Mark have a bonding scene that is cringe-worthy, bad, corny,, almost gives you a "give a break" moment... the one that makes you get up and go ask for your money back do yourself a favor and avoid the aggravation, just skip this one.Also the new girl they use is too "Disney" and Woody H plays twins,, badly acted and inconsistent to the plot and both just come across just annoying. Poor Radcliffe tries to add his boyish charm but ends up going down with this ship,,
bad This movie started off quite well, for a movie I had quite mediocre expectations it caught my interest when it introduces some interesting characters with mixed motives, unfortunately that and a few good cinematic shots is where the praise ends for this movie.This movie had potential which only makes it even more disappointing,we're first introduced to Tarzan as a British politician and is then forced to rediscover his wildness but lacks any real character and only comes across one dimensional with the traits of an angsty teen who's marriage we're supposed to care about but I'm not sure whyThis movie tries to incorporate way to many elements, the overall plot about the enslaving the Congo and getting rich from a mythical city full of jewels that we're not even allowed to see at any point combined with fueds with passed foes that don't really come to any settlement a tribe leader that had his son killed by Tarzan that wants revenge, gorilla brother that wants him dead, trying for a baby and flashbacks of a potentially better film we could have had, they rush through these very quickly without really developing or keeping your interest Some really awful scenes, Samuel Jackson who I'm not sure needed to be in this movie jumps off cliffs only to land unscathed on a branch, combined with a very predictably unsatisfying ending that couldn't of come fast enough and causally wrapped up with all the bad guys defeated, they may as well have froze in the air jumping to the backdrop of a sunset, with the joy of sweet release as the credits rolled to only leave me with a face like a bulldog eating a wasp and annoyed and frustrated that I have wasted time and money sitting through another failed sequel that is sure to fade into obscurity Overall this movie lacks any fun or adventure, poorly directed as this movie lacks any identify, wouldn't recommend this film to anyone other than my worst enemy, all round disappointment
bad After seeing and liking the first and the second part of this trilogy, the third came off as a disappointment. There are only a few things that actually work in this movie - Hathaway an Levitt gave very nice performances, and were convincing despite of the ludicrously cliché lines they were given. Before seeing the movie, I presumed that (based on the reviews I had read) they had only minor roles, but the two of them guide the plot. Also some action sequences were well executed. But only a minority of them. The majority was illogical and confusing. In comparison with the second movie which I found to be, in its core ( even with the occasional shabby lines), an intelligent and elegant movie, this one lacks action. Of course that a movie shouldn't be judged by the amount of action, but in lack of it there must be a good storyline. This movie has none. Its plot is full of gaps, frustratingly illogical. One of the things that induced from me a great snore was the jail and childwhoescaped subplot. The idea of the jail is absurd. Whose prison is it, why are there no guards? Oh, I know it's inescapable... but please. Its location is outside of some ancient city walls, but very near it, and a modern complex is build only yards away (you can see it on the edge of the screen when Bruce escapes – but I will get to that). Bane (the Big Bad of the movie) escorted Bruce to the Asian jail himself, made all that way just to tell Bruce that he will torture his soul, and went back to Gotham, in the US, in the matter of hours. Why making that journey? It's impractical as hell. Furthermore, the man in prison, who are paid by Bane to keep Bruce alive (the man actually uttered the line – I'm paid more to keep you alive, when Bruce asked for death), are helping him fix his dislocated spine (no, it's not broken) and escape. Why? After a few tries, Bruce manages to climb the well and emerges on the surface. He throws some big, fat rope back in the pit. Where did that rope come from? Was it left outside just in case someone climbed to freedom so he can free all the other prisoners? Bruce himself had no rope – that was the whole point. Is the prisoners safety rope actually tied at the surface? If so, why no one climbed the rope itself? Hell, my brother with whom I watched the movie actually thought that he threw down the safety rope to make sure nobody else would escape. Then Bruce, with no money, no passport and no knowledge of the native language returns in the terrorist occupied and military guarded Gotham. He also, at the time, has no Batmobile, Batcopter or any other Bat-based vehicle. How did he get into the city? Fortunately, once in the city, he found his Bat-copter lying on the roof of a middle-height building, a huge thing covered only with a nett, and visible from air. With all the riots in the city, is it possible that nobody had stumbled upon it? Also, once in the Bat-copter, he encourages the not-long-ago buried police forces (who all have clean clothes and are clean-shaved after being underground for months) to attack the terrorists, but instead of helping them by shooting the enemy from air superiority, he lands the Bat-copter and seeks Bane for a fistfight. Is this not idiotic? The only action scene that was good was the one after the stock-market attack when Batman made a dashing escape. But, not even this scene can be compared with the ones from the second movie which were thrilling, masterfully directed and longer. They were also simpler, there was no atom bomb, there were just guns and explosives, but it worked better, it was more realistic, and darker. Unfortunately, what replaced action is load of parapsychology, the endlessly recycled story of the orphan Bruce, with many annoying flashbacks from previous films. You know the movie is not doing well when there are flashbacks involved. What got on my nerves a lot was also that all lectured Bruce, the man who sacrificed everything to help Gotham and do good. Alfred was particularly pathetic. Bane is truly a poorly done movie villain. The comic book character is said to have some intelligence. This was not present here. The opening scene, the delivery of the plan of doctor Pavel's abduction: Bane has executed a pointlessly expensive and complicated operation where he sacrificed unnecessarily three of his man, chopped up a plane and then used the already seen skyhook (The Dark Knight), when he easily could have attacked the plane on land. The romance between him and Coltirald's character is also redundant. His and Cotillard's background story could have been left unexplained. Even with it, both of them lack motivation. The rest of the movie Bane makes impressive entries. Actually a lot of the movie is about walking on the street, walking through the sewage, etc. And entering rooms. The romance between Bruce and Cotillard character was redundant and not probable (I accept this only if Bruce wanted a quick shag after a long time of drought). The explosion, beside the unnerving need of certain directors to explain in word what we understood in picture (someone actually had said Explosion! after we've have already seen the mushroom), was not realistic (no waves). But, as a whole, the movie is sufferable, just don't expect anything great. The thing I hated the most is that Batman is missing from this film. Bruce was more out of the suit, than in it. Seems to me that Nolan became a little bit too cocky with all the praise for the two previous movies. It's a shame because the movie could have been a lot better if he hadn't.
bad Please don't make negative comments like some of the aforementioned people have been doing if you haven't seen the film yet! I have seen it, at a press screening last week. Not only is it the best film of the year so far, it marks a return to form for Martin Scorsese, and ranks with the likes of GOODFELLAS as being one of the best in his canon of films.I'm a fan of the Hong Kong film, INFERNAL AFFAIRS, upon which this is based. While THE DEPARTED keeps the basic structure of the original, it is very much its own movie, so much so that the screenwriter, William Monahan, didn't even watch the original film while adapting its screenplay, thus enabling him to infuse the script with his, and Scorsese's, respective visions.All the actors are first-rate (yes, even Leo, for all you DiCaprio bashers out there), and turn in some of their best performances to date. THE DEPARTED is sure to garner a host of Oscar nods, if not wins, including (hopefully) Scorsese's long-overdue statuette for Best Director. Plus, with actors like Martin Sheen and Alec Baldwin playing supporting roles, that says a lot about the quality of the film they signed up for! THE DEPARTED is tough stuff, not for the faint-of-heart. That said, it is a must-see for adult viewers who long for intelligent, gritty stories to grace our movie screens once again.
bad Sophia Coppola addresses one of the most overlooked problems - a ubiquitous issue of hypocrisy that is reigning in the political games lately and remains an intrinsic part of our society. An isolated group of women in the movie represents a slice of society, while Colin Farrell, an outsider, who is simply struggling to find his place within it. The outsider is condemned for putting an act, but nobody says or does anything that reflects true feelings. Nothing comes from a genuine respect for another human being. False pretenses and masquerading based on flattery is the only way the characters communicate and stay together. And unfortunately, the only way we know. The only time we see their true colors is during paroxysms of rage, outbursts of lust, hatred and jealousy. But as long as the ugliness is hidden under the veneer of a civilized decorum, it is considered all right by the majority. Jealousy or repressed sexual desires is just what we see on the surface. All the inner mechanics of their behavior are driven by the fear of a misstep in the eyes of the polite society. The morality they know teaches them to never question the rules and never step out of the dogma-ruled world. Rules like 'keep your stitches even," shield them from facing real moral dilemmas. The unfolding drama is depicting how morality, which it's just a set of rules established by a self-proclaimed civilized society, has replaced all spiritual concepts. Morality, as a set of standards, is bent and stretched without mercy. Anything is possible for the sake of appearances and propriety. Those who dare to break those pretensions are ostracized, banished or simply discarded. Sofia Coppola showed the modern world slipping further down into the abyss of hypocrisy, when almost everyone fails to stay true to oneself, twists "morality" as one pleases and values what's proper over what's right.
bad What is wrong with you people? This is a Walt Disneyesque revision of a spoiled kid's misadventure into self-indulgence. It's a shame he died for being righteous and stupid...and that's about it. It's a shame. But not a particularly interesting story, and a ridiculous one for a film filled with swirling helicopter shots and endless musical montages that are supposed to make you think the smirking Mccandless is some kind of modern Siddhartha.Sean Penn clearly identifies with his subject enough to direct his film with a similar self-indulgence. This should have been a very straight-forward account of one young idealist's cowardice: too afraid to help the society he thought was sick, too afraid too deal with his family with compassion, and ultimately too afraid to kill himself outright: instead he just put himself into a situation that he couldn't survive without rescue...and nobody rescued him.I wonder about the people who rave about this movie. I'll bet I could make the same kind of film about John Walker Lindh, and they'd eat it up...provided I could get Vedder for the soundtrack.
bad Just saw the screener for Before I Fall. Buckle up, because it was a bumpy ride worse than I expected from Groundhog Day on teen. Before I Fall attempts to (re)tell the story of a girl trapped in the same day, desperately trying to find a means to become unstuck in time. First off, it takes every teenage movie trope and throws it at you in the plot equivalent of word salad. There's the childhood guy friend the lead should be dating but treats like dirt (until she doesn't because omg love was right there in front of her), the outcast art student with hair in her face and proverbial paint on her overalls, and the clique headed by the evil blonde who was once nice and is now an unrepentant post-pubescent monster who will (spoilers) never get her just desserts. Add to that a drilled in, overarching theme of the collateral damage dealt in choosing popularity over decency, and you have 'Fall' in a nutshell. Oh, and of course there's the whole matter of the day constantly resetting, much to the plucky heroine's consternation, a device whose means of activation is fairly obvious less than halfway through to just about everyone but the protagonist. This aspect of the film runs through all the expected options: the confused, it didn't happen day, the I can fix everything by avoiding trouble day, and the anything goes day, the last of which plays for the most, if potentially only, watchable part of this mess. Throughout these tribulations, the lead offers the occasional lofty and detached commentary, a mechanism that neither adds to the production's tone, nor preserves the attempted surprise twist at its conclusion. In terms of said end, it may just be the best part of the whole affair in that it means the angsty redux that is 'Fall' is finally at an end. Beyond that, the denouement feels rushed and its resolutions span from trivial to out and out ridiculous, ultimately succeeding in miring itself in drama and tragedy that defies previously presented conventions, reality, factual mental health statistics, and good taste. Thankfully, after an hour and a half, I became unstuck and could move on with my life. Before I Fall gets 1/2 stars, over and over and over again. Or, 1 disappointed Bill Murray (ya know, if he cared)
bad Special effects? Good.Script? Terrible. No plot. No depth. No meaning. This film rendered Superman as a meaningless hero, a hero with no archetype. In the original film, he represented America in the Cold War. Here, he represented nothing but a Hulk.Sure, the actors were fine. Kevin Spacey was a fine choice, among others.This still does not resolve the problem that this film had no depth whatsoever. I cannot see how anyone can come away with anything meaningful from this film, when Superman was, and is, daily created to be a meaningful hero in not only comics but also in people's minds. This was a real waste of money considering how many directions this film could have taken.Just a few instances: Lex Luthor could have been a villain of global corporatism, political domination, totalitarianism, and on and on and on. He was just another goofball Hackman incarnation.And Superman? For what did he stand in this film? Nothing but another hack "savior" figure.Wait until it comes to the dollar theater if you see it at all.
bad First, let me just comment on what I liked about the movie. The special effects were fantastic, and very rarely did I feel like I was watching a video game. There, that is the last nice thing I have to say about this film. In fact, I would just like everyone reading this to take note that I can't even put into words how hard it was for me to write this review without swearing. I have innumerable complaints about the film, but four major complaints jump to mind. My first major complaint has to do with the incredible cheesiness of the "plot twist" (if you can call it that since most people probably saw it coming a mile away) where Lois's 5 year-old son turns out to be the super-powered child of Superman. When the crying super-child throws a piano at Lex's henchman to save his mother, I almost got up and left the theater. Singer could have made a much better Superman movie without resorting to cheap gimmicks like a seemingly fragile but latently super-powered illegitimate child. It's been 5 days since I saw the movie and I still want to vomit. My next major complaint has to do with the fact that Superman lifts a continent made out of kryptonite up into outer space. It doesn't take comic book guy from the Simpsons to point out what's wrong with that. I don't know how many comic books Brian Singer has read, but when Superman is exposed to even a small amount of kryptonite he barely has the strength to stay on his feet. Whoever had the idea to have him fly a large island made out of his greatest weakness into space has no business being associated with any Superman-related projects ever again. The concept is as ridiculous as making a Dracula movie where the title character has a stake through his heart and still manages to fly a spaceship made out of garlic into the sun. Why not just have Superman eat kryptonite? He can eat it and then brush his teeth with it, and then go to sleep in kryptonite pajamas. That's not any more absurd then having him hoist a continent of kryptonite into space and then fall powerless through the atmosphere without burning up in re-entry or splattering all over central park when he hits the ground. My third major complaint has to do with the fact that Singer slaps movie-goers across the face with religious symbolism the entire movie. I have to take issue with his characterization of Superman as the only son of a God-like Jor-el sent to Earth to be a savior. Jor-el wasn't all-wise, he was just a scientist. And he didn't send his son to earth to be a savior, he threw him in a rocket and hurriedly fired it into space because his planet was about to explode. I'll buy the Christ allegory if Brian Singer can show me the part in the Bible where God sends Christ to Earth because Heaven was about to explode, and then radioactive pieces of Heaven become Christ's primary weakness. Furthermore, the "crucifixion" scene where Luthor stabs Superman in the side with a kryptonite "spear" just makes me want to slam my face into a brick until I'm too brain-dead to notice the brazenly obvious and inappropriate symbolism that will be tainting the man of steel for the foreseeable future. They might as well rename this movie "Superman Returns: the Passion of the Christ."And speaking of Luthor, my last major complaint has to do with Singer's depiction of Lex Luthor. Lex Luthor is a shrewd, cold-hearted business tycoon who is more apt to run for President (which he does in the comics) than try to destroy the world. The man wants money and power; he wants to be in charge, not wreck everything. Yet the Luthor we see Superman Returns, as well as all the previous Superman movies, is a wacky theatrical dunce who comes up with zany schemes to destroy the world. If Singer had the slightest loyalty to the characters instead of the (quite awful) previous Superman movies, this film might not be such an unbearable travesty. Maybe Singer's next project can be a Batman movie where he focuses on the interpretation of Batman from 1960s TV show. ZAM! WHAP! POW!!To summarize, I don't know what I hate more, the movie itself or the fact that so many people seem to be giving it good reviews. Everyone is entitled to their opinion, but if you don't hate this movie then your opinion is wrong. I sincerely encourage anyone who reads this not to see this movie if you haven't already. Don't see it, don't buy it when it comes out on DVD, don't rent it...basically don't contribute any money towards it in any way. This movie does not deserve to make any money. In fact, I think that for every person that sees this movie, Bryan Singer should be fined 45 billion dollars. If you're a Superman fan and you really want to see this movie, just bend over and have someone kick you in the balls and you'll get the same experience without having to waste 2 hours of your time.
bad The plot is simplistic, the dialogue is the same, the acting just so so..Whoever convinced Daniel that sitting in a cockpit of a plane for most of a movie would be riveting viewing should be fired. It was boring , silly, and the end of the movie just hammered the final nail into this utterly disappointing attempt at a thriller.Do not waste your time even out of curiosity.
bad I guess I would give this movie 7.5 out of 10. That is subject to a few conditions. First, I like historical drama and I was very disappointed with the movie Anthropoid, which was on the same topic. Second, ther's a slight flaw in the way the movies is divided into two halves. for a while you aren't sure what's happening and not in a good way. What I liked about his that I did not like about Anthropoid? In Anthropoid, i felt little connection to the characters and in this movie, there was an emotional component, even giving some insight into how H himself might have been. I loved that they included the perspective of his wife.I love that they show her giving birth alone while he coldly works. That shows some of the personal cost that is involved in being a mindless killing machine. When the movie transitions form the Heinrich family to the Czech resistance, I love the cinematography, but i would have liked a tiny bit of context. If you know the story, you figure it out one enough, but if you don't know, its disorienting. Another reviewer here complained about the lack of moral context, that is, why these characters fought to hard to do this and what did they achieve. Its true that that is understated, but I like it. They mention it in passing as they debate shutting down the operation. And its implied in the sadness of the end. It was a real sacrifice. maybe an un-thanked sacrifice, maybe a symbolic one. It didn't stop the war and it led to retaliations and suffering. The benefits were not discussed, but as they suggested, it showed the world that there was resistance, that the Nazis were not invincible.
bad When I walked into the cinema, I was already certain that it was going to be bad based on the ratings here on IMDB. What I wasn't expecting was it to be so bad that it was more of a comedy than an actual horror movie. The whole room was laughing at the "death scenes" and strange facial distortions on the characters...When you see what looks like a Snapchat filter on the characters' faces, you start wondering if the budget was so low that they didn't have better "special effects" to make it more realistic and not so ridiculous. The plot is bad, the acting is bad, predictable jumpscares... You can pretty much tell the exact moment when you are supposed to get scared (only you don't). All in all, avoid this movie at all costs. Unless, of course, you are like me and you are too bored and there's nothing else at the theater that you haven't watched yet. The only reason I didn't give this a 1 is because I actually had a bit of fun while laughing at how bad it was. When you think that the "pool vacuum cleaners throwing up after getting wasted" scene on Scary Movie 5 is bad enough to make you want plucking your eyes out, there's always this one. The only thing that could actually make it worse would be also having Lindsay Lohan or Charlie Sheen in the cast.
bad De Caprio is the heart of the film, a daredevil whose motivation seems to be a misguided desire to acquire as much money as possible. He lives his life as a constant dare, using and abusing the investments of others, gambling with his personal relationships and his own health. He constantly endangers his life and those who are closest to him. It seems like he is capable of stopping this fall, but he keeps sinking and sinking. We could say he has a survivor's nature, but he carries with a very intense death wish, too.Usually, it's easy to understand how people like him become so successful. There's gotta be a bit of charisma to their natures, so that we can see how they seduce the rest of the world into following them. Unfortunately, the main lead here lacks that quality, and in one of the worst casting choices in recent history, what we get is a man who is not full of life and youth. He himself become his own iceberg as he reveals his "age" early in the film, and De Caprio hasn't looked that youthful in decades. This is not to say that De Caprio doesn't try, but he's not a good fit for this role. About three years ago, in "The Social Network" we could see the recklessness and drive of man who could lure you into a trap. There's no way that seems believable here, especially when you see the people he surrounds himself with. His wolf can't cast a spell, and he can hardly bite.Mercifully, we are not treated to the hyper kinetic editing and camera work we usually encounter in Scorcese's films, but he's found other ways to annoy us. He intermingles "Infomercials" throughout the movie, as if we need reinforcement about the seductive power of his character. They are sometimes ridiculous, and I doubt that is the intent. There are also liberties with the source, and it's a pity because the text is a delight to read, giving us the opportunity to wonder how something that is definitely based on reality can appear so unbelievable. The movie tries desperately to portray the excess and trappings of wealth, but there is nothing sexy about the constant parade of prostitutes and the overuse of obscenities, which occur at least every other minute. The books gives us time to breathe. Nothing like that is ever possible here, and that's why the film feels flat, not necessarily boring, but it fails to crackle because it's just too much of the same, never showing us where all the madness originates. There's little fire, just an endless portrayal of stupidity.Not all is lost (like in that other film) because we have a rising star here. Margot Robbie makes quite an entrance and gives the best and most solid performance here, enhanced by the mess the rest of the cast comes up with. She's a formidable beauty, with lots of ambition, an overpowering stare that will let you see that she is not afraid to seek ambition, but she is still a full human being, capable of distinguishing between right and wrong. She reminds you of a more powerful Sharon Stone in her earlier films, and she is as talented as she is gorgeous. Here we see how one person can become obsessed with another, but it also makes you wonder why anyone would even stray from such a beauty. Oh, yes, I forgot it's perfectly obvious drugs can totally ruin your life and turn you into a monster.The film is way too long, with more than a dozen scenes that could have been eliminated because they don't add anything to the story flow. We wish we could see more of the FBI agents, and it would be helpful to see why Wolf doesn't seem to find any way to listen to his father, a wonderful and underused Reiner.We can guess the film's ending from its early frames. It seems as if all the energy goes into the presentation of the material, and little consideration is giving to the dialogue, other than peppering the conversations with redundant expletives. Parading naked people around, having snorting line after line of that white powder, or coming up with sound blasting songs to underscore a point is a brutal point to deliver a message. Just recently the Coens gives us a more dimensional creation with no more than a few ungrateful remarks here and there. All the time I could only wonder how it was that this film escaped the stamping of that NC 17 rating because its only success was the abuse of visual imagery and irritating language that loses its impact as it appears in an endless barrage of mind numbing utterances.
bad The Book "Through the Looking Glass," like it's predecessor, "Alice's Adventures In Wonderland," is a charming and witty piece of nineteenth century political satire which is based on a chess game (unlike it's predecessor, which is based upon a card game). But like it's predecessor, it works both as satire (for adults) and fantastic adventure (for children). Both books were written for the Alice Liddle, a young girl at the time and friend of author Lewis Carroll, a childless clergyman and mathematician. The original Disney animated film combined the books much more accurately and never went so far over the top as to lose the essential spirit of the originals. Even the political satire was still present, though dulled by time and overwhelmed by the magic of animation. However, this film and it's predecessor concentrate almost exclusively on eye-popping visuals and fantastic everything, losing sight of the political satire altogether. Plus, the absurd shipboard wrapper to the basic story is totally unnecessary and misleading. Apparently, two screenplays were mashed together in an awkward and contrived effort to reinvent the story for today's audiences. Why? Obviously, to showcase the (admittedly) extraordinary computer graphics and special effects skills Hollywood currently has at its disposal. And give the actors another chance to dress funny, wear weird makeup, and act crazy. The original story is fantastic, agreed, but it is a lot more than that. Both of these new interpretations stop at the fantastic and miss all the rest. Turn the sound off and ignore the naval wrapper, try to forget the original books, and this film can be enjoyed as a visual feast. It might help to get high first. Otherwise, you may wonder if anyone was actually in charge. Maybe everyone was in charge!You more serious viewers, try watching Disney's animated "Alice In Wonderland" from 1951 and Jim Henson's "Labyrinth."In the world of traditional art, one basic rule of thumb is "Less Is More." Here, we get, as with so many of today's special effects driven films, "More Is Less."
bad This movie is about what can happen when religious nuts take over the country's government. People who are different are either killed or enslaved in one way or another. Let's see...we have murder and public display of anyone who isn't of the religion that took over....women who are fertile enslaved for religious higher-up's in the government...anyone who's different, and ISN'T killed enslaved in radioactive areas...makes you realize why people fight so hard against religion intruding into politics. Like the scholars from the future of this story who have a hard time believing it actually happened, despite hearing the story with their own ears, people nowadays don't believe that "people of God" in government would be so bad. Watch this movie and think on it. This is why there's a separation of church and state.
bad I watched the mpvie thinking it will be good.I had a couple Laughs with Noah,Carrie,Avery,Max,Ethan and Phil and the plot twist surprised me. I highly recomend,even it is cliche.
bad Tragic to see Sir Michael Caine appear in such a lousy movie. Is this poorly scripted effort supposed to be a comedy, a satire, a society commentary, A John Waters tribute? I don't know. As a comedy it is about as funny as smallpox, as a satire it simply does not work, as a social commentary it is offensive! What I have I just tried to watch? I don't really know! What I do know is, this movie stinks! I could not bear to see the ending after I'd wasted 80+ minutes of my life trying to watch this utterly awful concoction. I've given it 1 star, though it really deserves no stars, but I give it one star for two reasons. 1. The fact that Sir Michael Caine is in it, and 2, the fact that one of the cuts in this film, depicts a row of plastic pink flamingos - clearly a nod to the "Great" John Waters, though a John Waters satire it aint! Avoid this film, dont buy it, don't pay to see it, don't attempt to download it, it is hateful!
bad Well I went to see this movie last night with a friend and I think for children under 10 the movie is to complex. The main human emotions were very original but the movie never got me in. The story was also not that good. I would not take my daughter to the movie and it is that my friend liked it, otherwise I would not even have finished it. I think this is not what we are used to from Pixar. All the other Pixar movies were watchable for adults and children but to be honest I thought it was pretty awful. The beginning before the movie started made me already feel that it would not be good. I can see why some people like it but I think there should have been a better storyline.
bad This movie was amazing for an indie. Seriously it has it all. It reminded me of my friends in high school. Yeah the beginning isn't great with the rapping but seriously I loved it. This movie is good if you just wanna watch something and laugh and cry. Amazing cast.
bad In a word...horrible! Adam Sandler, once hilarious, doesn't seem to know funny. Disappointing.
bad "Kick Ass 2" director Jeff Wadlow and television writer Michael Reisz must have watched all six "Final Destination" movies, "Ouija," and "It Follows" before they made "Truth or Dare," a glossy, young adult, supernatural thriller driven by demonic possession. Suffice to say, Michael Reisz has appropriated the centuries old party game True or Dare, which was designed to embarrass and amuse, but he has added a supernatural entity. Although they take the game beyond embarrassing and amusing, Wadlow and Reisz populate it with pedestrian characters. An attractively youthful cast, that could moonlight as fashion models and have done most of their thesping on TV, pose as vacuous victims. Male and female expendables throughout, they are differentiated by their wardrobe and gender. When they agree to tell the truth or take a dare, they've no choice. They must follow through or risk the likelihood of death. The "Truth or Dare" supernatural entity is a quirky demon that the filmmakers heighten the 'life or death' stakes of the game. Mind you, invisible demons are the first sign of a low-budget horror chiller. The producers don't have to pay an actor or actress. The special effects crew perform all the demon's fanciful feats. This demon multi-tasks, too. The filmmakers let it circulate will-of-the-wisp style from one character to another, temporarily possessing everyone. During this moment of possession, whatever character that it occupies utters a "Truth or Dare" demand. Along with this challenge, the demon warps their faces into the equivalent of an impudent Jack Nicholson smile. Indeed, this sinister smile serves the same purpose as Jason's mask in the "Friday the 13th" movies and Michael Myers' mask for "Halloween" franchise. Most memorable horror movie villains wear some sort of mask. Not only have Wadlow and Reisz carefully contrived this scary saga for sequels galore, but they've also provided it with a visual trademark anybody can imitate. Unfortunately, the violence is largely kinetic. Virtually no blood erupts from bodies either slain or mutilated. Basically, unlike R-rated movies, PG-13 movies like "Truth or Dare" must restrain themselves when mixing blood with violence. "Truth or Dare" unfolds as Ms. Goody Two-Shoes college student Olivia Barron (Lucy Hale of "Scream 4") plans to spend her Spring Break to building houses for Habitat for Humanity. Olivia's best friend Markie Cameron (Violett Beane of "Slash") has other ideas. She persuades Olivia to postpone her Habitat for Humanity plans. Reluctantly, Olivia accompanies Markie, her boyfriend Lucas (Tyler Posey of "Scary Movie 5"), and a group of their mutual friends, Penelope Amari (Sophia Ali of "Missionary Man"), her boyfriend Tyson Curran (Nolan Gerard Funk of "Riddick"), and their gay Asian pal, Brad Chang (Hayden Szeto of "Fortune Cookie"), on a holiday to sunny Mexico. Another member of their group that nobody particularly likes, Ronnie (Sam Lerner of "Project Almanac") tags along without permission. When they aren't cavorting on the beach and soaking up sunshine, they're getting loaded on all the alcohol they can guzzle. Basically, Violett convinced Olivia to join them since this constitutes their last chance as seniors to enjoy this time-honored escape from academia. While they are having the time of their lives, Olivia meets an enigmatic stranger, Carter (Landon Liboiron of "Forsaken"), at a club who makes a favorable impression on her. He convinces Olivia, Violett, and their chums to party at a forsaken Catholic mission remotely situated in the mountains. These goof-offs ignore the fence that they must climb through around the mission with its warning signs in Mexican about prohibited entry. Carter convinces them to play a game of Truth or Dare while they are boozing it up. What Olivia and her friends don't know is that a wicked spirit named Calax haunts the premises. Earlier, during a drunken binge with his own clique of cursed companions, Carter smashed the bottle confining Calax's spirit and released it. Of course, nothing happens to anybody that evening. Things take a bizarre twist after Olivia and company return to college. Somehow, the Truth or Dare game has followed them. Moreover, the game seems to be playing them rather than they it.  Unlike the night in Mexico when they asked each other provocative questions, Calax possesses each of them in turn as well as strangers and then challenges them to either take a dare or speak the truth. Olivia gets into trouble first when she blurts out in a room crowded with students at the library that Violett has been cheating on Lucas. Later, obnoxious Ronnie accepts a dare to expose himself while standing on a pool hall. When he refuses, Calax possesses him. Ronnie stumbles, getting off the pool table, and breaks his neck with a loud snap. Olivia and the others learn about Ronnie's tragic incident when a video appears on their cell phones. Each experience an encounter with Calax as well as a truth or dare question. Eventually, Olivia learns Carter introduced them to this demonically fueled game because it was the only way he could keep the spirit from meddling with his life. Those who ignore the rules end up dying until the surviving few track down not only a mute nun who once lived at the mission but also Carter. Ultimately, the only way Olivia and her surviving friends can counteract the curse is to coerce Carter into uttering a Spanish incantation seven times, slice out his own tongue, and cork it up in a clay bottle!Clocking in at 100 minutes, "Truth or Dare" should have dared to whittle its convoluted melodramatics down to 88 minutes. The demonic smile that everyone adopts during the game grows tiresome and borders on parody. This horror film boasts a minimal number of jump scare scenes. Meantime, the violence is largely antiseptic. Wadlow gives these lame shenanigans a polished look, but the film generates only minor suspense. Aside from "The Purge" lenser Jacques Jouffret's atmospheric cinematography, "Truth or Dare" induces yawns more than yells.
bad This was hard to sit through. Sub par acting and sub par writing. From beginning to end I was left wanting more...such a joke
bad OK... This "Crew" ...they must be the biggest morons in the whole Universe. Were these people supposed to go and...inhabit an Alien planet? These guys are dumber than the illegitimate child of Jeff Daniels and Jim Carrey.-- Ah a planet that looks like Earth! Let's forget our carefully planned initial destination and let's go and inhabit this one! What can possibly go wrong? It has 78% Nitrogen and 21% Oxygen, so it must be fine. No need for any special precautions. Not even a ...mere gas mask! And while were here why not rest on this comfy rock and light a ...cigarette to pass the time!Jokes aside, this is more like a semi-horror movie than an actual sci-fi movie. I recently saw "Life" and this is even worst. Nothing original. Nothing new. Just creatures bursting out of the bodies of morons and imbeciles.I won't bother you with comments about the visuals nor the music. (They are the "usual" stuff) and the acting refers more to screaming queens than to actual actors.And the very predictable ending you can see it coming from a mile away.Overall: Ignorant, idiotic, crying babies in Space !
bad Not to mention bloated dead bodies of dogs and humans and a "man who wouldn't die"."No Country for Old Men" has Javier Bardem playing Anton Chigurh, a monstrous motive-less killer (unless you count the money, but how does he know about it?) He slides in and out of scenes, you are always chilled but like the clichéd train-wreck victims you see reeling on the side of the road, he never engages you, you never speculate on what made him this way, he is simply a nerveless, passionless cypher.Actually the clichés were too many to count in this truly, truly disappointing effort from the Coen brothers. A police officer turns his back on the monster and is promptly dispatched and of course the monster manages to squeeze bloodily out of his own handcuffs. H'mm. The instrument used to kill by Chigurh is some kind of stun gun with an oxygen tank. Surely to God he could get hands on a gun with a silencer and not have to lug this tank around like some deranged Fred Munster? There is so much blood, the only conclusion I could make was that this was the whole point, raise the barf meter with everyone, show acres of gratuitous violence to draw in the desirable adbash demographic and forget any kind of plot. A slasher film for the pseudo-sophisticated.The movie grabs you early and you think, as you survey a field full of fallen felons (they were involved in a drug heist) discovered by an officer played by Josh Brolin, that this movie is going to unwind a great mystery. You settle in for the denouement.Poor you. You are sidetracked by an absolutely meaningless sub-plot involving Woody Harrelson (another grisly ending) and by Tommy Lee Jones who was left without any relevant script and wanders cynically in and out of scenes, delivering tired old witticisms as a sheriff. We can count the ways and days of tired old cynical sheriffs. I was waiting for "life is just a box of chocolates and Chigurh the hardboiled candy". It would have improved things.I was baffled as to the narrative. Was there one? Why didn't I get it? Was this movie, in spite of the barrels of blood, too deep for me? I was asking myself these questions long before it was over.Was this movie reaching for pretension or was it truly in the stratum of the intellectual elite? Coin toss answer.For me, it seemed fitting that there was no ending to this. No plot should equal a no ending. The beast didn't die and went on his stumbling way. All the good guys died, apart from aforementioned slow-drawl sheriff, who is now retired.Zero artistic merit, zero plot. I gave it a 1 to bring down the over-rating. I still like Tommy, Josh gave a great perforance but I'm going to be really leery of future Coen efforts.
bad One of the worst movies I've ever seen. Period.Nothing but flat, unimaginative, repetitive, cringe-worthy scenes glued together. The story is absolutely terrible. Four women: the Queen (who's is kinda done), Mrs Smith (who is really too old for this movie), the Party girl (who over-acts in every scene) and Ryan (who's emotional scenes are worse than a school play and who's voice cuts through steel). Going on an trip, to have a good time, to fight, to get back together and to happily live ever after.There is NOTHING new to this story. Nothing interesting. Nothing funny. Really...nothing...funny. Just stereotyping. A lot of stereotyping. And what is the added value of all the 'blackwashing' in this movie? I don't get that at all.In conclusion: every, bloody, second of this movie is so cringe worthy, so annoying on so many different levels...as if the makers and actors really tried to make a s*cky, boring movie.Shame on you! Avoid as the plague
bad Let's face it. The original was a cheesy 80s TV show. It wasn't really that good, but it had an interesting angle about how it works. More or less a one man A-Team without the guns, but with the construction scenes.This series starts of with a whole team supporting this one-man show. Enter: Bond, James Bond in a beautiful Mercedes Gullwing.. oh wait, that's just a kid with his dad's car. This is your MacGyver? Seriously?About 10 or something minutes, our "hero" get's tricked to hand over some glowy virus thingy (why do they always glow?). He and the girl get shot, he survives, the girl goes missing.At this point my Cluedo skills start kicking in. Theory: Girl hired bad guys, staged death to sell off the item.Now our hero is in remorse mode. The comic relief fast talking black best friend, who doesn't know about his real job, tries to cheer him up while he and his team chose a replacement for the lost girl.At this point the series mashed plot point from so many bad recent TV shows together, I can't stand to watch any more having to test my theory... skipping 20 minutes, ... yeah, I was right.Predictable as hell - Boring beyond belief - Uninspired like another Mission Impossible movie - Written by a preschooler-> unwatchable
bad OK, so it was not 100% accurate in content or historical detail but that aside, it was one of the greatest films that has yet to be truly matched. The cast performed very well as this well written tale was told. Even though it is over 10 years old now, it still holds a place in my heart as one of the best. The accuracy of the battle scenes are only eclipsed by the expressions of the actors faces as they share this story. Stephen the Irishman steals the show with his plucky comic relief. Hamish the sidekick does a great job playing against the over the top performance of Mel Gibson. The predominantly European cast does a great job of not needing to fake accents and mannerisms. I have watched this film several times and every time I see something more special.
bad This film, is basically, at least in my opinion, one of the greatest films ever, period.  I read the book afterwards, and equally enjoyed the book. The film is definitely for younger people, the critics of films, in general are older, so they cannot appreciate this film.  The film defines the younger generation, only younger people can relate to it, however, older people(middle aged+) can appreciate the art of the film, the beauty of the camera work, as well as the excellent acting.  The film, in every aspect is fantastic, it begins with a rather humorous narration, from a person we grow to know as, "narrator".  It goes about to show how he lives, and his way of life.  In these scenes alone, movie lines that will go down in history are said, and it's only the first twenty minutes.  The film tends to progress faster and faster as the film continues.  We delve into the narrators psyche, and find that he is not unlike most people in this world, he has a tendency to say to people what they want to hear, even if it is not the truth in it's entirety.  Almost all folks can relate to the main character, and he feels to be a real human, not a character in a story.  This, is partially due to the excellent directing, as well as book, but it is mostly due to the fantastic performance by Edward Norton. It, in my opinion is an Oscar performance.  Bradd Pitt gives his best performance to date, he is definitely an excellent coworker with David Fincher, they seem to share a common thread when it comes to film making I suppose.  I have full intention of purchasing this film when it is released on VHS and DVD.  Do yourself a favour, see this film, if that is not an option, at least read the book.  If you are younger and feel unrest with society, this is the film.
bad Dark and twisted, David Fincher's stylish new mystery thriller was derived from Gillian Flynn's intriguingly slick tale from her complex and suspenseful novel. By far one of the best acting performances to have come from Ben Affleck, 'Gone Girl' boasts some strong yet disturbing portrayals from Rosamund Pike, Neil Patrick Harris, Tyler Perry and Affleck. Fincher has garnered fame and recognition as a mainstream director, that is not only able to engulf the audience within the picture, but actually make them part of the scenario. Fincher exercises upon his trademarks with the swift and stunning cinematography, the chilling score and tight editing, all of which makes 'Gone Girl' a movie full of great visual storytelling.
bad That was the exact sentiment I had after watching TDKR. I had been waiting for this movie ever since the first teaser trailer was released. To cut the long and short, I am writing down some first hand reactions I had while watching the movie and the reason I felt that there must be something wrong with me. 1. The great Bane introduction - I failed to see any character development for this character except for towering persona of Mr. Hardy. Well for that matter, it could have been Mr. Dwayne Johnson under the mask. Back to the character, what made Bane, a mercenary, so awe- inspiring that others were ready to die for his words ? Who/what made him an ideologue ? ( especially with the predictable twist at the end ) 2. Our old friend Bruce Wayne - While his limp was rectified by some funky exo-skeleton apparatus, why was his character such a limp all throughout the 3 hours? 1. Letting a girl steal his precious stuff from right in front of his eyes 2. Wallowing over a dead girlfriend 3. Getting cheated by the same gal and getting beaten to pulp by his arch- enemy. 4. Same gal doing the disappearing act before Batman, for him only to manage a cheesy remark " Now I know how it feels". Really Mr. Batman is that all you can come up with ?? 5. Sleeping with you dead arch-enemy's daughter? Woww ..Mr. Nolan might call TDKR having the theme "Pain", I thought it resounded "Loser" better. 3. Butler-Wayne Bro-mance - Everything seen and understood about the importance of Alfred in Mr. Wayne's life. But still I failed to see the entire melodrama of Alfred leaving his master, that too at the opportune moment of Mr. Wayne on the verge of losing everything.4. Everything about Batman has been related to darkness. For me he is a person of the shadows. An ominous dark foreboding demeanor along his incessant internal struggles with his dark demons, everything pointed to a flawed yet enigmatic character that is Batman. I saw the darkness being stolen away from the dark knight. Beats me if I am the only person who saw it 5. The fusion reactor/bomb - Isn't that what it boils down to ? Each time ? 6. Catwoman - In the Matrix movie, in the famous sub-way scene,a program tells Neo about "Karma" and the "purpose of existence". It further added, programs without a purpose were being deleted. Selina a.k.a Catwoman was such a program in the movie. There was no reason, no purpose and no rationale for her existence within the movie, except for being a side kick. 7. To cut it short, one word for some important scenes - the whole autopilot episode on the bat plane - Cheesy, The end of movie twist - Utterly cheesy, reason for Bane's mask - hilarious, the well-prison break scene - cliché,Blake or Gordon - One was definitely redundant, references to the Charles Dickens novel - superfluous, music - jarring and the movie ending - totally disappointing !!!
bad Since the beginning the vampires were a particular race, evil, elegant even charming sometimes, with superpowers, glowing eyes, teeth and claws.Well in this magnificent series they turned the vampires into homeless people who bite the "uninfected". It is a sad combination between a zombie dressed as a person who lives on the street, crawls like a monkey, growls like a rabid dog and surprise : IT BITES.There is a couple of "ancient" ones. She tries to imitate vampire ladies from Underworld and he is so pathetic your intellect simply refuses to understand what is happening.He tries to speak Romanian, aside from the fact that a 4th grader in a play would express more emotions than he does, Romanians do not understand what he is trying to say.The script is a joke, but hello!! not even a bad joke. I do not understand how people can actually back a project like that. It hurts just to try to watch it.Nacho Libre gave me shingles, I am afraid to watch this series any further. I fear for my own sanity. 5 out of 10 is HUGE for this crap.P.S : I never even had a IMDb account, but hey I must warn the others!
bad This movie is awful. It doesn't even manage to be comically watchable. I have never written a review for a movie or show despite a few thousand ratings. This was so terrible I was compelled to warn people. I will finish this review, despite the fact that in my frustration at having sat through this mind-bogglingly stupid movie, and while writing this, I spilled a drink and ruined a mouse and a keyboard.
bad The movie in question uses the same plot formula as the first, but executes it worse. I don't necessarily care about the comedy, but everything feels as the same as the first movie. From some random disaster that happens to the Bellas, a new girl coming into the group that ends up helping them, or some "unexpected way" to win in some competition. Along with the same direct plot formula, the main antagonist group, Das Sound Machine should have won the main competition, as the Bellas' performance is not even close to comparison. No part of the movie is redeemable from its repetition and generic character, but it's still tolerable to the point that I won't put a 1 star.
bad This comedy flick is about a spoiled Jewish-American woman Judy Benjamin (Goldie Hawn) who joins the Army after her new husband dies right on their wedding night during sex and duped by sneaky recruiting Sgt. Jim Ballard (Harry Dean Stanton) convinces her that military life to be glamorous, she gets a rude wake up call in boot camp after getting in trouble constantly, especially by Judy's hard-nosed superior officer Capt. Doreen Lewis (Eileen Brennan) prompting her to want a quit the Army, but then Judy has a change of heart and decides to stick it out leading her to a series of adventures that eventually lead her to a promotion and a transfer to Paris, France.The entire cast is outstanding, but especially Hawn who lights up the screen with her charm and beauty. Goldie Hawn is made for this kind of role, and as usual delivers the goods. There are some genuinely 'laugh out loud' moments as she struggles to adapt and make friends. Unfortunately the film seems to run out of steam half way through. Whereas the first half is true comedy, the second half has very little in the way of humor to offer. Having met a French gynecologist who she falls for, she wangles a posting to Paris to be with him. This is where the humor disappears as Judy leaves the army to be with him and he turns out to be a control freak that turns Judy into a clone of his ex girlfriend. It's almost like watching two separate films. I think it would have been better if the whole movie was her in the army not broken into basically two parts one distinctly comedic and the other a love story. Still, despite some glaring flaws, Private Benjamin is a good movie with a good story to tell. Unfortunately, what was probably a pretty daring look at gender rolls for its time has gotten really stale. If you overlook that, though, the movie is very entertaining.Overall rating: 8 out of 10.
bad Let's be honest: is this film really worthy of being in the Top 250? What with all the psychotic behavior and the annoying, creepy smiles Amélie cracks from time to time while she's trying to be cryptic and heroic, this film is easily one of the worst I've seen. The worst part is when people go on trying to defend it, saying that the character is simply misunderstood and that since the film is french, it offers a different perspective. Do we have to remind people that foreign films also have the ability to suck as much as American films? And I tried to give this movie a chance but the more I tried, the easier it was to find things that I didn't like about it. So go ahead, defend it as much as you like, but it doesn't change the fact that it's one of the most annoying films of the decade.
bad Woody is an intelligent man who worries about the issues of film-making. The primary concern, the very first problem, is always to decide what the relationships are among the audience, the camera, the narrator if any, and the characters.Woody was on his way to making a murder mystery, which is the purest form of messing about with these relationships. In a much studied decision, they decided to cut out all the mystery and just focus on the context. In this case, that context is a richly layered evocation of a relationship. I really wish I could see the original film to discover the mysteries Woody intended to hide in the folds.And the folds are as numerous and complex as they can get. We have a framing device where Woody speaks to us partly as a conversation which blends into a standup, which is mirrored as a part of the story. We have timeshifting where we move back and forth in time in a simple 'Tarantino' way; but we go way past: characters from the 'present' enter the past as Dickensian ghosts, then they talk to characters in the past. we have characters in different pasts talking to each other via split screen. We have a layering of Woody and Diane's relationship in real life, then the film, then TWO films within: a play which is part of the action and a cartoon which is the action itself.More: we have Woody talking to the audience as if we were shifted into the play -- early in that play we are introduced to Bergman and Fellini: in both cases while they are waiting outside. These are the two inventors of folded narrative. Even more: while some bozo perfessor spouts off about Fellini and McLuhan, Woody enlists the audience to challenge him and drags out McLuhan himself! The joke of course is that McLuhan himself was a vapid weaver of lowbrow theories.And more and more with the constant weaving of 'analysis' and other film-like activities: singers, photographers, TeeVee stars, models...This period was when he was first exposed to Wallace Shawn who was hanging out with Terrence Malick, two other innovators in narrative folding. All the 'New Yorker' stuff means more when you know Shawn's father was the long-time editor of that publication and defined the self-absorbed reflection that characterizes the city and this film.Keaton's manner was essential to pulling this off, someone who could pull off the story about her uncle dying while waiting for a Turkey. Watch her.. she is clued in to simultaneously being in herself (Keaton), herself (Hall), inside the story she is telling and inside the story Woody is telling. She shifts and guffaws just as if she were stoned and moving among realities, just as her character.Just amazing and intelligent. Will we ever see this the way it was written and shot? Or is that mystery too intelligent for us, who prefer to think of this as a funny, endearing love story.
bad Listen, I'm not going to be giving away any details here nor am I going to go into important plot points (because there aren't any) it's just simply a waste of time spent, a waste of talented actors in a wasted film again written by the fine folks at Hallmark. Granted, the first fifteen minutes are hilarious and then it takes a turn and never looks back. You want them to find their father so we, the poor audience, can leave and find something with substance.
bad David Fincher is a phenomenal craftsman. His visual style dominates every inch of the frame but why is it that I left the theater so untouched, so unscathed. I told the story to someone over dinner and I couldn't do it without laughing. This is no comedy, or is it? So, what is it about David Fincher's movies that include some shocking stuff without shocking me. I can observe without participating. Cold, maybe that's it. The passionate story is told without passion but with a feverish attention to the cosmetic veil that covers or masks the real story. I wasn't bored, just impatient and a bit put off. I admired the performances and wondered about the casting of Neil Patrick Harris and Tyler Perry. I suspect is code for something but I can't imagine what. After all said and done, goo see it.
bad I'm very thankful I somehow avoided the many negative reviews from both users and film critics for this one before committing to seeing the film this morning. All I knew was Clooney directed it, Matt Damon starred in it, and it was probably a dark comedy about a murder investigation. But it's so much more than that. Like Get Out, this is a perfect little indictment of the #MAGA hats, only this one aims for the MAGAs content with selling out their democracy... as long as they get to pin all of their own faults on non-whites.I've heard critics call it a mess because of the way it mixes genres but that's entirely by design. It felt very much like the stuff David Lynch does mixing genres just with less pubic hair and vomit. It's audacious. It's not an empty film where a bunch of liberals are up there farting around getting paid. I think many people will hate it because they walk out thinking they should have laughed more.There is a specific scene which I won't give away that is the perfect moment to recalibrate a viewer's expectations. It's the one which left my jaw on the floor and made me confident I was in a secure artist's hands. It's the least funny scene in the film but one in which I agreed to surrender to the many laughs and shocks that followed.
bad The arrangement of allowing these two people met at an old but grand hotel on the beach was kind of awkward, and staying there so long was another thing that didn't look possible, and she should be just called a Dr. instead of a professor, because she didn't look like someone who taught a specialized subject in a college classroom. What we saw and heard were just a lot of terminology words out of her mouth, it felt more like they were forcefully memorized to make her look more like a scientist, but somehow it didn't work either. The special agent of the British anti-terrorism scenario was also not quite selling well. There's no way he could not be spotted as a suspicious white westerner trying to infiltrate the terrorist organization in Somali, so no wonder he would be immediately kidnapped and thrown into the prison. There were too many scenes showing these two lovebirds flashed back to when they spent the short but long stay in that hotel on the beach. But when it was played so many times and again, it just numbed the viewers since there's not too much and too many stuff there to continue the on-going story.The movie gradually lost its steam in the end by showing us a lukewarm deep sea probe, then gave us some sudden power shortage in the sub, then the problem was just miraculously fixed by flipped off all the switches and then flipped them on. What a joke! Then again, when he dive into the ocean before the attack and bombing from the air by the American chopper, he was supposed to be the only survivor during that attack since he was already far away from the target area, because it was him who activated the transponder device in his teeth to broadcast his whereabouts, so he got enough time to walk into the ocean, swam and dived to avoid the strikes from the air. But what we saw was just a guy facing down in the ocean and died, just to comply with the movie title "Submergence", by going down but never resurfaced. They both sunk, but only the so-called "Professor" was spared, giving the viewers some sort of regret and sadness, a love in vain. What a weak and rush and sudden finish of a film that only showed us lot of beautiful camera works.....A shameful ending of a half-baked love story; lukewarm and pointless.
bad TL;DR - Slow, boring, not entertaining, Fant4stic was better. I followed this movie around the time it was first announced and even partook in the boards and seeing all the news and leaks about the movie. I was not too fond of certain things about this movie especially certain casting as I felt it wouldn't fit. I honestly really wanted to enjoy this movie but when the trailer hit I had a bad feeling and should have stuck to it. My friend dragged me to go watch it with him and I hated almost every minute. After reading mixed reviews the ones that resonated with me are the ones that shared my same opinions. The movie lacked good comedy, needed to improve on action. It dragged and dragged with these poorly acted characters and mundane character development for our protagonists. The only fun character was Rita. Elizabeth Banks did a great job making that character hers and making her feel more menacing than she was in the show. I've only ever liked her in one other franchise and that was The Hunger Games so to be honest I am surprised I liked Rita as much.--- ***SPOILERS BELOW***---The movie started off good with the ending of a battle scene which introduced our antagonist and the seriousness of a threat our heroes will encounter down the road. Rita literally kills the previous Ranger team and is the ever so loved Green Ranger which was teased and theorized throughout set photo leaks. This scene and the final Battle where Rita gets B-chSlapped to the moon was the only entertaining thing in this whole movie. Everything in between was utterly boring. You will seriously have a more fun time watching the Ghostbusters Remake or the Fant4stic reboot.
bad I don t know what is harder to believe : the inability of the detectives to arrive BEFORE the murders or the extraordinary effort of the killer to hang those bodies God knows how...May be for TV... Not the same as The collector, that WAS good.I agree that Pacino just did it to pay his bills. Well, it is entertaining nevertheless...
bad Pearl Harbor is a movie so spectacularly awful that it would be funny if it wasn't so infuriating. There hasn't been a big-budget re-enactment of the Pearl Harbor attack since Tora! Tora! Tora! in 1970, and, due to the utter failure of this movie on every level, it's unlikely it will be attempted again for a long, long time.The writing is ludicrous. It's a series of situations and set pieces strung together without a single regard given to character development or even plausibility. The acting is beneath contempt. Ben Affleck should never have been let anywhere near this film, and in the "love" scenes between himself and Kate Beckinsdale, it appears patently obvious that the actors completely detest each other. The attack scene is filmed and edited like a Saturday morning cartoon. And...excuse me...in real life Pearl Harbor was a DEFEAT. There was none of the stupid garbage with slick fighter jocks dogfighting Japanese Zeros. This film makes it look like a victory! And, excuse me...FDR could not stand up by himself. The scene in the cabinet room where he rises from his chair was simply laughable.This film is beyond bad. It is insulting. It's a 6-year-old's coloring book passed off as history. Aside from that, it's probably the limpest, shoddiest big-budget "epic" produced in the last 10 years. The day it opened in theaters was truly a day of infamy.
bad I usually trust RottenTomatoes and IMDb ratings, and while I might watch something that gets a 60% rating or above if the subject interests me, I will usually fall in line with the critics and reviewers on any movie that gets a 97% on RT or such high scores on IMDb. Well, this movie completely shattered my entire belief system, to the point where I find myself without a guiding light for the future.Many better worded reviews on this site have already captured the grievances that I had with this film, but I must write mine out so that I can feel better and move on with my life...It felt like it was 3 hours long. In an unbelievable feat of cinematography, they managed to stretch time so that a 2 hour movie felt like 3. The could have condensed the film into an hour and 20 minutes and I would felt less cheated. Outside of a short plot line, *nothing* happened. And every single thread that could have been interesting to develop was cut short leaving us unsatisfied and wondering. It's a movie about nothing. There was no great insight into the human cause or suffering, no great insight into the psyche of the captor, no details on the parental breakup, no real role given to the very interesting characters of the girl's real father or her mom's new husband. The girl was a b*tch (I mean, that's forgivable given the circumstances), but outside of sympathy for her, it was not entertaining to connect with her on any level. And every single time anything got interesting in the movie the scene ended.The real life is a lot scarier and way more touching than this movie, and unless one lives in a room, turning on the news every day brings a lot more real emotion and watching a poorly constructed movie with a very minimal depth is not that touching. What can we learn from a 5 year old and his view on the world? That could be interesting to see, sure, but even here, the monologues were short and infantile (because what would you expect from a 5 year old?) Jack was no great thinker at a young age. Yes, the world is full of wonder on the outside, whether you're 5 or 85.Perhaps it was a movie for those whose view on life has gotten so complacent that they lost any sense of that wonderment and listening to an annoying 5 year old describe his first experiences in the real world outside of his room brought them to tears because of nostalgia or remembering their own childhood innocence. Clearly, I am one of the few against the world who Loved this movie, so I'll be the first to admit defeat.Now, however, I'm left to scratch my head and re-evaluate my relationship with movie reviews.
bad We have seen so many movies now that even those of us who study them tend to forget where certain familiarities were born. The science fiction elements presented in Fritz Lang's 'Metropolis' are so familiar to us that they have become not just the genre standard but almost a given. The notion of a city as an urban hell ruled by the upper-class and operated by slave-like poor. The notion of the city that seems to touch the heavens. The notion of a mad scientist giggling in his lab as he plays God. The lone hero who discovers the diabolical machinations of the villain and tries to throw a monkey wrench into his plan. These elements can be found in this film's ancestors 'Frankenstein', 'Batman', 'Gattaca' and the cities of 'Blade Runner', 'Star Wars' and 'The Fifth Element'. All of these films contain elements that were inspired by Lang's work.'Metropolis' has gone down in history as one of the most influential films ever made, certainly one of the most studied silent films and yet the movie sort of languishes. After its success in 1927 the film has had an uneasy time. It's pedigree as a silent film turns off the usual science fiction audience and it is sort of a footnote in the history of the genre. One restored version after another has tried to reconstruct the film as best it could because some of the footage of the film has been lost through neglect and silly studio censoring. Some of the restorations work but most do not so we sometimes wonder what an experience this must have been like in 1927. Unless a lost version surfaces (as it did with the recently uncovered print of Valentino's 1922 film 'Beyond the Rocks') the complete work my never be seen again. The restored version released on DVD in 2001 was based on a digital restoration at 2K resolution from all available sources. It's the best version that I've seen and I would highly recommend that one if you haven't seen the film. The worst is a 1994 print put out by GoodTimes video which contains not an ounce of restoration, the film in grainy and difficult to see, it doesn't even have a soundtrack. I call that one the worst because I'm still a little ambivalent about the 1984 restored version by Georgio Moroder with color tinting (good), sound effects (not so good) and a soundtrack that includes songs by Loverboy, Freddy Mercury, Bonnie Tyler, Adam Ant and Pat Benatar (yuck!).Those who study the film (myself included) find the story impenetrable. Some films you can easily decipher but 'Metropolis' has a plot that is so maddeningly erratic that it's hard to pin it down as a whole. Many conceded that as a fault but I think it adds to the film's chaotic nature. It takes place in the future (restored versions offer title cards that suggest that it's the year 2000 but I don't go by that) in an overcrowded city with immense skyscrapers (the Gothic, sometimes grotesque architecture suggests that the buildings were constructed in a hurry). The rich in Metropolis are content with their lives, dancing in their penthouses and spending their money. The poor work as slaves beneath the city like cogs in a machine. Lang choreographs the scenes in the subterranean levels magnificently so that the workers are never out of step. They don't so much work as toil under oppression like Ramses' slaves building his pyramids. The rich and poor of Metropolis are ignorant of one another. One person that isn't ignorant of the class division is Joh Fredersen a ruthless businessman who rules Metropolis from his office.His son Freder happily enjoys the Pleasure Gardens one day when he notices a woman rising from the underground caves with a group of the worker's children. Curious, he follows her to the depths and is aghast at the tyranny in motion there. The woman is Maria, a revolutionary who holds sermons to remind the workers that a peaceful resolution can and must be found.Freder uncovers a plot by Rotwang, the mad scientist to create a robotic version of Maria to convince the workers to rise up and take arms. This leads to the film's most famous scene when the robot becomes flesh and blood and the false prophet opens her eyes to reveal two dead sparkling orbs. Rotwang kidnaps the real Maria and sends the false one to convince the workers to rise up and then taunt the rich men and drive them into a sexual frenzy.Then all Hell breaks loose, but the rest I must leave to you to discover.Lang based the film on the book written by his wife Thea Von Harbou. In the book the story is about a chaotic as the film (and therefore less successful), the difference is that Lang has the visuals to suggest the chaos where the book did not. He uses every technical tool at his disposal to visualize the Hell of the subterranean machine run by the workers. At one point Freder, disguised as a worker, witnesses one of the huge machines explode and visualizes it as a horrendous monster swallowing workers by the dozen. Another suggests an odd device, a giant dial in which the worker is made to keep the arms in the same place as the light bulbs go on and off around it's edge. The machine doesn't seem to have any purpose until Freder imagines it as a giant clock and tries to pull the arms forward to end the merciless day.The film is one of the pinnacles of German Expressionism, astonishing in its use of light and shadow. One of the best examples is the scene in which Rotwang pursues the real Maria through the caves using only a beam of light to strike terror as he closes in. Another brilliant moment comes with Maria's erotic dance as the men gawk, the camera filled with their moist eyes. This scene was completely removed after the initial release and not restored until home video.Other moments have deeper resonance. There is something unsettling about the hundreds of workers toiling in the underground caves. Walking to work they march with their heads down, dressed in uniforms and caps. It reminded me of the Jews being led into the Nazi Death Camps. There is a buried foreshadowing of Hitler. More obvious are Lang's biblical references. The rise of the city parallels Maria's retelling of the story of the Tower of Babel. The giant pentagram in Rotwang's lab as he plays God. The breathtaking image of the plague-bringer who comes wielding an obscene scythe. The very heaven and hell nature of Metropolis itself. There is even a Christ-like quality in Maria who gives her sermons and reinforces that indeed blessed are the peacemakers.These elements and images are brought to the film because of Lang's insistence on no less then absolute perfection. He was known as a sometimes cruel taskmaster, working his cast and crew like a dictator. He cast some 20,000 extras (1500 of them for the Tower of Babel sequence alone) and worked them from morning till night. The water which covered the set for the climactic flood was ice cold. Many of the extras were soaked through from morning till night. Actress Brigette Helm was nearly killed several times, once by a fall and another by the fact that the bonfire scene was real! Helm was so rattled by her experience working with Lang that she thereafter refused to make another film with him.I could go on and on, this film all great films invite lengthy discussions. It can be seen in at least a hundred different ways, as a foreshadowing of fascism or the tyranny of communism or just capitalism boiling over. But when you get down to it the best way to view 'Metropolis' is not as a film to pick apart but simply as a film of it's time, Lang created the story of a world gone mad while the world around him was going mad.
bad One cannot deny the direction mainstream Hollywood "horror" films are going in, not a direction of true horror, but one of teen screams and cheap scares. And even though PG-13 Hollywood horror has created some gems like The Conjuring, for the most part they have disappointed this horror veteran. This film was no different, it just plain old wasn't scary, or thrilling, or suspenseful. To be fair I liked some the kills but other than that I could not find anything redeeming. Its another sad attempt by Hollywood at horror, it just isn't scary. Like many other mainstream horror films, I found myself being bored, waiting for the next scare/kill, only to be disappointed by it. But I suppose if you are a 14 year old girl, like the majority of the theater was, then I suppose it might scare you, but for a man who has been a horror nerd since childhood, this just didn't do it at all for me, I was truly disappointed.The acting was just so generic it ruined many aspects of the film. Not only did I not relate with these characters, I didn't care if they died or not, which can be an essential aspect of such a horror film as this. Also in the tense moments of suspense, their acting wasn't convincing enough to make the scene actually suspenseful. And another thing I just cant stand is that stupid CGI face-morphing that goes on. Not just in this movie, but in all movies, where the face screams but its mouth is CGI'ed to make it look bigger. Ugh it just sooooooo takes me out of the scare and honestly makes me laugh in embarrassment for whoever thought it looked good. As a horror veteran, these films make me sad, If you are an easily frightened child, go see it, but if you are a horror veteran like myself, this will only disgust you.
bad You know when I was 12 years old, I saw power rangers, I thought the first 2 seasons (1993-95) represent splendid action, suspense and real characters, but once season 3 came it all went downhill and this movie is another example at how jumped the shark the power rangers franchise has become, the performances are awful, the story is completely and absolutely confusing, the screenplay is a mess and the editing is a trainwreck, now I love bryan Cranston he's always been a wonderful actor, but he is truly wasted in this one as zordon, a man who help 5 teens with their magical powers and their customs to save angel grove from monsters and the evil rita repulsa (played terribly by Elizabeth banks) and other nonsense, this is just a pathetic and useless attempt to revive the power rangers franchise, it is just awful, this is one of the year's worst films, no offense to my friend who is a power rangers fan, but this movie stinks.
bad Anastasia and Christian get married, but Jack Hyde continues to threaten their relationship. One of the Worst Trilogies of all time finally comes full circle and like the 2 last installments and the 2nd one mostly it's not good. Fifty Shades Freed suffers from a bad script, characters and terrible perfomances from it's 2 stars plus no real chemistry can be seen between any of them and even worse good actors like Kim Basinger? their on it. The Sex scenes are boring and predictable and one scene in general feels like it was copied from another bad sequel "Basic Instict 2" because nothing screams "hot" like sex inside the car right? No. Overall what more can be said for this Series or film in general? It's as bad as i was expecting it to be and easily one of the worst films of 2018 so Far!!!! (0/10) (0%)
bad Love Ms Henson. The movie was slow and unfocused. Should have had mob family located in realistic place. Boston really??The writers and director should have watched a few more movies with Pam Grier as female lead. Maybe even watch domino or the female assassin from John Wick 2. Characters were weak and one dimensional. Hope sequel is better researched and more character development. Will be watching ?!$
bad It's a another fantasy/adventure story. The set and costume designs were okay. But, the dialogue was terrible.The actors were so stiff. Looked like a high school play on a stage. The physical fighting was truly terrible. Total lack of fluidity and commitment. The plot has promise. But, the execution lacks magic. Please try again.
bad I cannot remember a more trivial, mind numbing and shallow film in other words a real chick flick of the worst kind. How can anyone watch this film and recommend it to others ? Only if they don't like admitting they made a mistake. It seems to summarise the worst of female aspirations. No real substance to it all happy and shallow. Yeah that'll please the masses. Well not this member of the masses. What a trivial load of drivel. I wanted to leave the cinema within 5 minutes of the start. And to think I paid £7 to see this ! I think this does however represent the dumbing down of cinema as with most media these days. So I like a bit of reality in my musicals call me sad or what ?
bad Set in the near future "The Circle" tells a horror story of the social media age involving an omnipotent American corporate, pitched somewhere between being Facebook-like and Google-like (note, lawyers, I just said "like"!) Emma Watson ("Beauty and the Beast") plays young intern Mae who, partly through the aid of family friend Annie (Karen Gillan, "Guardians of the Galaxy", "Doctor Who") but mostly through her own aptitude, lands a foothold job in customer services for the company. With the lush corporate campus fast becoming home, Mae is quickly singled out as having "executive potential" by the charismatic CEO Bailey (Tom Hanks, "Bridge of Spies") and his more taciturn sidekick Stenton (US comedian Patton Oswalt). Progressively brainwashed into believing the company's intrusive snooping (a favourite motto is "Secrets are Lies") is all for 'the greater good', Mae champions the cause until a tragedy rocks her world and her company beliefs to the core.Whenever I watch a film I tend to form my own opinion first before checking out what the 'general public' on IMDb think. In this case, I must confess to being a bit surprised at our divergence of views: a lot of people clearly hated this movie whereas I confess that I found it very entertaining. Certainly with the alleged role of Russia in influencing elections around the world via social media, the film is most certainly topical! Many reviewers seemed quite upset that Watson's character is such a 'doormat', in that her views are so easily manipulated by the corporate machine. But not every woman – as indeed every man – can or should be a Joan of Arc style role model in every film: why should they be? I actually found her indoctrination into "the Circle way" as quite convincing, especially a creepy scene where two corporate lackies (Cho Smith and Amir Talai) say that they're not checking up on Mae's social life, but. Watson enjoys extending her post-Potter repertoire well, but the talented John Boyega ("Star Wars: The Force Awakens") is completely wasted in his role as Ty; the Wozniak-like genius behind The Circle's technology. The script gives him very little to do other than stand around and look grumpy.The film is sad in being the last movie appearance of the great Bill Paxton ("Apollo 13") who plays Mae's sick father and who died of complications following heart surgery two months before the film's release (the film is dedicated "For Bill"). Tragically, Mae's mother in the film, actress Glenn Headly ("Dirty Rotten Scoundrels") also died suddenly at the age of 62, also due to heart problems, a couple of months after the film's release. It's surprising the film doesn't have a "curse of The Circle" tag on it.The film was directed by James Ponsoldt, who also wrote the screenplay with novel-writer Dave Eggers ("Away We Go"). I particularly liked the on-screen use of captioning (posts) which was reminiscent to me of last year's "Nerve", a B-movie film I rated highly that also had a string social media theme.While the ending of the film is a bit twee – a movie definition of "being hoisted by your own petard" – it's overall a thought provoking piece sufficiently close to the truth as to where society is going to raise the hairs on your neck.(For the graphical review, please visit bob-the-movie-man.com or check out One Mann's Movies on Facebook. Thanks.)
bad In one of the saddest movie news of this decade, Jennifer's Body fails and so many seem so happy about it. Question is though, how many of these haters actually saw the film? Judging from it's box office take, very few. Aside from Tarantino's Basterds, Jennifer's Body was the most anticipated movie of the year for me. Diablo Cody has had me hooked ever since her wonderful book Candy Girl years ago, then with Juno she cemented proof that this woman is no joke, and once again it pays off with Jennifer. Amanda Seyfried caught my attention in Mean Girls, and I've loved her ever since, and she shined in Jennifer. Finally, there's Megan Fox, someone who seems to just have to sit there to be hated by many. Jealousy fills so many with rage. She doesn't say all the right things that we expect from celebrities, and somehow this causes even more hatred. Curiosity and the fact that she's the reason 'wow' is in our vocabulary, has kept me interested, and the hatred from everyone for nothing made me even more. Put all three of these people together and you've got Jennifer's Body. It's fun, silly, disturbing, wild, sexy, and one of the best movies of the year. Megan has proved she has the talent so many say she doesn't and becomes Jennifer Check. What a movie. Being IMDb though, you all seem to only go to movies and actors you hate.
bad I am a big fan of Kevin Hart, Dwayne Johnson, and all the other big names that made appearances in this movie. However, they kept setting up situations that could have been really funny - but nothing happens. The joke just withers away. It was like they had a lot of funny jokes or situations in the script, but at the last minute the censors made them take out the punchlines. I did like the story, and there was even a bit of "who dunnit" suspense. The fact that they had a decent structure and great talent leaves me thinking that the writers were more interested in drama and action than comedy - but the movie was promoted as a comedy, and has several events and props that scream "COMEDY MOVIE." But when it came to being funny, for the most part it left me hanging. Dwayne Johnson and Kevin Hart were still doing a top notch job delivering the material they had, but this movie could wait for home viewing.
bad OK, so this movie was quite nice! I saw it at a sneak preview, had no expectations and was surprised in a positive way. Its no Oscar-winner, the constant moaning of the girls kinda irritated me a few times but overall...scary, but not in an 'average shark movie' way, some nice twist and just fun!So why this kinda dull review? Well, I read a lot of reviews on IMDb, never feel the urge to write one. But there is something with IMDb reviews which bothers the hell out of me. Allow me:There is this guy here (he must be so much fun at parties), who wrote a review presenting 14 reasons or so, why the diving in this movie was impossible/not logical/not realistic or whatever. Therefore, the movie received one star. This bothers me. Why? Allow me again:So, I do not dive, but I teach at University. Not really movie material, but let's say a movie is made about the life of a University teacher (why would you do that you ask? good question). Let's say in this movie, ALL details about the very complex and technical nature of ' University teacher' are impossible/not logical/not realistic. But, the movie is fun and entertaining. Why, oh why in Gods name, would I feel the urge to write a review to correct all these 'mistakes' related to something I happen to be an expert in?In other words, why do so many reviewers here feel this urge to correct the impossible/not logical/not realistic with regard to something they happen to know a lot of? Just enjoy the movie (or not, if its s*cky), but over-analyzing it from your 'expert view'? To be honest, most of us don't really care about that and just want to enjoy the movie...
bad The daddy rivalry that made the first film funny is over as we have moved on to co-dads. They decide to spend Christmas together as a single family than as two families and then they get news the grand dads are coming for Christmas, most likely because Sean Anders scripted this film in the cubicle next to "Bad Mom's Christmas." Mel Gibson plays Mark Wahlberg's father and it was as bad as it sounds. John Lithgow is Will Ferrell's father, a polar opposite of Mel Gibson.The writers quickly ran out of formula humor for this group and felt they needed to bring in John Cena to place Wahlberg in Will Ferrell's position, something that worked out to be far less funny than it sounds. Gibson badgering his son and their bad relationship took up the bulk of the film.Guide: No F-words, sex, or nudity.
bad I'm glad to find Anthony Hopkins in this film, Victoria Bay and Monster Mansion! However, this movie franchise, Transformer was originally created from King Kong series that features mechanic King Kong versus King Kong. It was a work of cinematic renovation not innovation! You should not ignore the origin of this renewed franchise! All least Chinese title has audiences to think it in this way. UK knights and transformers save the earth from evil transformers who seek reviving evil death star. I'm sorry this plot is not acceptable for me. It is a historical racism that hidden in this hero story. Instead, Seven Samurai is not OK for saving the earth from evil transformers? I thins it is quite sad that it also heavily depends on CG, computer animations and its relative VFX.Filmmaking should be more accessible for anyone in the society. It is a device for the working class movement not only for prestigious guilds. What I remember is Anthony Hopkins's brilliant acting! 5 out of 10!
bad This review contains Spoilers. But since the story is by far the least reason to watch Metropolis, feel free to still read it, even if you haven't watched it yet.Metropolis is a film that was far ahead of it's time. It influenced a great lot of science-fiction films, and how The Blade Runner, Batman or Dark City would look like if there wasn't Metropolis - who knows. Even The Matrix Reloaded is heavily inspired by this classic that is as old as my grandmother. Now what is it all about? About Freder, the son of the head of the city of Metropolis, a Christ-like figure who falls in love with the preacher of the working class, a saintlike woman who happens to be named Maria. When a robot who is modeled to look like Maria makes the workers almost extinguish their city and their children, Maria and Freder save the children, and in the end Freder makes his father and the workers cooperate for a brighter future.Sounds silly to you? Yes, and that's exactly what the story is: silly. That's also the reason why, still today, Metropolis isn't accepted as the masterpiece it is by a few film buffs. But these people don't understand one thing: A good film does more than only tell a story. A film can be great even without a story at all, and a silly story combined with amazing visuals can make you forget all the other weaknesses a film has. And wow, what amazing images Metropolis offers. What an art direction! What wonderful special effects! And remember, as I already said, this film is as old as my grandmother! Just have a look at the workers. They hardly ever seem to be individuals. In the mass scenes they look like one big creature moving forward or backwards. When they are working they look more like machines than like human beings, whereas the machines resemble monsters more than they do technical devices (best seen in the moments when Freder hallucinates and sees the big machine as a worker-eating Moloch). We also see a worker (and later, Freder) work on a machine that looks like a clock with 100 blinking light bulbs, doing some that looks as exhausting as it looks senseless. Or think of Rotwang, the mad inventor who lives in a little hut that looks in this film like it was from another world. He has a black prosthesis for his right hand (it's not a coincidence that Stanley Kubrick gave his mad scientist/inventor Dr. Strangelove a prosthesis for his right hand, too). He builds the robot that he makes to look like Maria, and that transformation scene is one of the most magnificent scenes ever and looks more convincing than some scenes of modern sci-fi flicks. I also have to mention Brigitte Helm, who plays Maria and the robot - and the look in her eyes would already be enough to tell which of her characters is on screen at the moment. If something like awards already would have been given in the 1920s, she sure would have walked home with quite a bunch of them. And just look at her sexy dance! It is just as memorable as the shot of the many eyes watching her dance - or the many faces watching her preach just a few minutes later. Metropolis is a film no sci-fi-fan should miss. I had the good luck that my first viewing of Metropolis one year ago was in a cinema (when it was a re-released after its restoration). I can only recommend you to watch it in a cinema if you have the possibility to, as Metropolis is, just as 2001 - A Space Odyssey one of those rare films that are masterpieces on your TV set, but a revelation on the big screen.
bad Akira Kurosawa is widely (and rightly) thought of as one of the most important filmmakers in the history of motion pictures. "Yojimbo", one of the masterpieces that have earned him this more than deserved reputation, is not only one of the best, but also one of the most influential movies ever made. Only three years after its release another great director, Sergio Leone, who named Yojimbo one of his favorite movies, used it as the model for another masterpiece, "A Fistful Of Dollars" and rose the Italian Western to an international level.In 1860, a time when the sword is still the most common weapon in the Japanese province, but gradually gets replaced by the revolver, a lonely Ronin, a Samurai without a master to serve,(Toshiro Mifune) who dashes around the county, comes to a little town terrorized by two bosses and their criminal gangs and decides to end the people's suffering and free the town. He is hired by one of the gangs as a bodyguard, only to switch sides and pit the two, already hostile, gangs against each other.Toshiro Mifune, one of the greatest character actors of all time, is impressive in his role of the Samurai, generally the acting is great in this movie, the supporting cast contains such actors as the great and unforgettable Takashi Shimura. The cinematography is great and the movie's brilliant score, composed by Fumio Hayasaka, is one of its kind. The writing and directing by the inimitable Akira Kurosawa is more than brilliant. One of the greatest movies by one of the greatest directors of all-time, and an absolute must-see for everyone interested in cinema!
bad Wow, I have to admit to being really quite disappointed with this instalment of the Blade series. Two days after watching the film I can barely remember much of it at all. The first two were exciting, with punchy dialogue, impressive villains and most importantly, a hero, the man himself, Blade.With Trinity we have no idea who this particular group of vampires are, their social standing, history, source of their power are all a mystery. They were just plonked in the film to raise the ultimate bad guy from his crypt and provide someone for Blade's latest sidekicks to pulverise-badly.And then we have the ultimate bad guy, Drake, who isn't remotely imposing, let alone terrifying. Big boots to fill and I really don't think this guy is up to it. I was looking forward to someone imposing, sadistic, gleefully evil in fact. I didn't get it. What this guy reminded me of was Ram-Man from He-Man, but less frightening to his enemies.The only reason I gave this film 4 and not 1 is for Hannibal King (Ryan Reynolds), who steals the show from Blade the second he comes on screen. While Blade potters through the film not saying or doing much that I can remember, apparently this is whats called "brooding", King manages to keep all eyes on him.King gets all the best camera shots AND lines. As far as I'm concerned this was his film and should have been a Blade spin-off and not another episode. Ryan Reynolds is far and away the star here.
bad The Legend of Tarzan is another cinematographic reincarnation of a well-known character, who is supposed to be the hero of children around the world. Like most recent summer flicks, the movie lacks authenticity, character development, and hopeful excitement that most would like to see in a good-feel movie. In return, the moviegoer gets poorly weaved flashback scenes and basically forced to watch a plainly chaotic film. Furthermore, the characters seem to have come out of a sitcom or reality TV show, with no interest for dramatic structure. Moreover, the level of violence is simply too much for small children to watch.Here is the bottom line: This is not a good family movie, but rather an action one with plenty of special effects that many will still enjoy.
bad Gawd, who is this movie written for? Is it just an automatic money making "no-brainer" (and I mean that literally) to have a female coterie reunite years later for alcohol, partying, clubbing, male stripper all at an exclusive vacation locale? Plot has been done too many times including guys' versions. Fifty years of progress in portraying intelligent resourceful women has been reduced and characterized to loud intoxicated "b..hes" trying to outdo each other in acting the stupidest. Oh, more dumbness in added subplot of some stranger dying which expands into a not believable, suppose to be funny, crime clean up mess which itself has been done too many times in film. Demi Moore makes a brief appearance and as in "Blind" shows little acting skill. In both films she basically just hangs on some guy and smiles.
bad Imagine the challenge a movie publicist must face when given the task of promoting a motion picture that preaches social orthodoxy, that presents a dystopic present-day condition as reality, and leaves the audience to depart the cinema depressed over the state of humankind. A truthful description of such a film is box office poison. A false image must be cultivated in the minds of prospective movie-goers. If it's The Cider House Rules, you sell it as the inspiring story of a young doctor who devotes his life to care for underprivileged orphans. If it's Downsizing, you film a trailer that depicts it as a light comedy about yuppies making the decision to shrink their bodies to 5 inches in order to enjoy a better life. Your task is to sell tickets; your responsibility has ended there. You don't have to make the audience actually enjoy the movie. The publicity team including Kate Cavendish, Jill R. Fox, Lon Haber, and Lisa Shamata excelled in this task. There are some very good performances among the players supporting Paul, Matt Damon's profoundly uninteresting lead character, including Hong Chau as a Vietnamese housekeeper who becomes a large figure in Paul's life, Christopher Waltz as a playboy neighbor, and Rolf Lassgård as a Norwegian scientist whose work led to the bio-shrinking process. Photography is wonderful in paces, particularly the fjords of Norway. Visual effects are both stunning and realistic, though at times the scale of "big people" vs "small people" are not entirely consistent from scene to scene. Industrial Light & Magic creates a stunning visual depiction of the Utopian city "small people" city of Leisureland. Writer and Director Alexander Payne builds several entertaining scenes during the initial 45 minutes of screen time as Paul's decision to "go small" is agonizingly made and carried out. It is in the scrip that Payne and Co-Writer Jim Taylor fail. Indeed, the only entertaining bits are long stretches without any dialogue at all. Starting with a thought-provoking premise, no conflict is introduced into the story for the first 45 minutes, at which time it is revealed that Paul's wife Audrey (Kristen Wiig) reneged on her promise to join Paul in the "small" community. She disappears and is never seen again beyond an awkward sight-gag phone call involving one eyebrow. The entire wife character could have been omitted as surplus filler, and probably should have been. Neil Patrick Harris and Laura Dern are similarly wasted as a couple who present a sales pitch for the downsizing process as though it were a time-share. Jason Sudekis walks through as a downsized friend from Paul's high school years. We are asked to believe that the newly-constructed "small" Utopian society has been purposely built to include a shantytown to which all the "ethnics" (mostly Spanish-speaking) are exiled, just beyond an impenetrable wall, a poorly concealed statement on contemporary politics. By the end, this movie becomes a tale of the End of Days in which we are told it was already too late to save mankind from itself; there was never any hope and we just didn't know it soon enough.Moviegoers may be forgiven for not only disliking this movie, but also being for angry at having been duped into paying money to be shown something entirely different than was advertised. Those who believe that mankind should be punished and exterminated might enjoy this movie. All others should avoid it.
bad The Coen brothers (Joel and Ethan) are the most innovative and, perhaps, the best filmmakers working today. Or they at least rank along side the likes of Martin Scorsese and rising director star Quentin Tarantino. Think about it: "Blood Simple" was the best film of 1984; "Raising Arizona" was the best film of 1987; "Miller's Crossing" was the best movie of 1990; "Barton Fink" was the best movie of 1991; and "Fargo" was the best movie of 1996. Now comes their latest effort, "The Big Lebowski," which, while it isn't in quite the same league as the above films, is still one of the most thoroughly entertaining movies of 1998.It tells the shambling story of a man named Jeff Lebowski, who calls himself The Dude (Jeff Bridges). The Dude's apartment gets broken into and a thief urinates on his rug. He finds out that the criminals were not looking for him, but looking for the OTHER Jeff Lebowski, the disabled millionaire (played by David Huddleston). That's all I can tell you. The rest is really too bizarre and complicated to put into words; but it's bizarre and complicated in the best ways of the words.Still, what I'll remember most about "The Big Lebowski" is the outstanding number of utterly terrific performances. Bridges delivers the best performance of his career and probably the best of the year as a bum lie-about who just wants to be left alone. John Goodman is the real comic gem here as the forever-loudmouthed Walter, The Dude's bowling partner and best friend. Steve Buscemi co-stars as the dimwitted, bug-eyed Donny, the third bowling partner; there's a small but interestingly offbeat spot for Julianne Moore; and John Torturro stops in, as Jesus the bowler, for what is probably the best walk-on performance in years. If you are a Coen brothers fan or like humor that is distinctly offbeat, you have found your movie. As a rather avid moviegoer, I found the film to be a great excersise in pointless extremeties and respectable raunch. Rated R. 117 minutes. 10 out of 10.
bad Should have given option of zero rating also. I was not comfortable giving even 1/10. This movie sets a new benchmark of height of bad movies. Generally i don't write reviews, but in this case i felt obligated to write one. What a shame brought on the good name of Ghostbusters.
bad I find it very sad that so many people - including so-called professional reviewers - have rated this crap so highly. I did not walk out (although I was greatly tempted to do so) but saw it to the end. A total waste of time.Here's what might spoil it for you, should you believe the BS that's being spread around this stinking pile of excrement: It could have actually been OK if it hadn't been so laughably impossibly ridiculous. Perhaps if it had been set in the fifties or the forties when people had much less developed consciousness of human rights? But even so... I suppose the moral/lesson we are supposed to learn is... if you can't warp your students enough by abuse to force them to become great musicians then it is perfectly alright to discard or destroy them in the attempt. This glorified tyrant and bully can himself only produce music at a grade one level and so because he cannot 'do' he 'teaches?'He does not teach, he does not inspire; he withholds approval, negatively reinforces and rules by fear, and is feared rather than respected. I would have a difficult time to point to a single (pedagogical) scene in the film that had any merit whatsoever or was worth watching for any reason. Maybe I should say that its evident popularity may be evidence that we are truly living in the end times... ha! See the film if you want to be current, but please decide for yourself from watching it and don't believe the hype about its 'genius' or 'brilliance.' It is not either of those things; it's a poorly written, sad joke.
bad Definitely no spoilers in my review, since there is no story to spoil.al pacino looks like he is on holidays from the local rehab, karl urban is pathetic and hard to look at, the lady who absolved all the journalism in her crib is pathetic, hard to look at and so realistic as the tooth fairy. and i should be sent to rehab after watching this monstrosity till its bitter end. looking back at the top, i have no clue why i rated this one with two stars. perhaps out of sheer pity for everyone involved. imagine, being on the set of this.......
bad What an idea wasted.This idiotic portrayal of Batman and Robin marks a new low for DC while I had high expectations for their animated films have been great.The story was obviously aiming for a younger group with little to no knowledge of Batman, childish to the point that it seems almost moronic.Grodd and Joker's plans were ridiculously plain and the other villains were just served as plot devices, in a very literal sense too. Not to mention the many clichés throughout.This film has nothing but some decent animations, the Batman that I knew isn't even in it.
bad Well, I say spoilers but with no plot, a loose story line, random characters, no resolution to story line, saying this review contains spoilers is a compliment I don't want to give this movie. When I went to see this movie I did not know, believe it or not, it was a Coen Brothers film. However after the first scene and the visual of the boot marks all over the floor and I guessed that it was. It left me with the same feeling of the blood stains from the wood chipper in the snow from Fargo.Not the same imagery, mind you, but the same sense of feeling. A sense of something violent and chaotic happened looked at from an obtuse albeit familiar image with contrasting colors of something that shouldn't be there.Next the dialog came about and I knew for sure. This movie is just plain misguided. When directors start to be identified by their techniques they are losing the plot and forgetting what film making is all about. To tell a story and to express ideas, not to showcase their quirks and be identified by them. They should be in the background and not center stage.The Coens, granted in my opinion only, took a step towards the over indulgent David Lynch and a giant leap away from becoming great directors based on their earlier works. The genius of Raising Arizona or Joel's The Hudsucker Proxy is a distant rock of film work casting a giant shadow on this current piece.So many are saying that Javier Bardem's morbid and "deep" character is the real gem of the movie and brings originality to a type of role never seen before. Hell, take a look at another Tommy lee film, Batman where he played Two Face. The quirky and annoying Anton Chigurh is simply Two Face in an adult movie and like any bad guy, should not have gotten away.Then there are the random characters being introduced in the movie for no apparent reason. I mean, just what was Woody Harrelson's character in the movie for? Seriously, without dipping into film school hogwash about stereotypes and archetypes of moral choices and bit characters to drive a moral choice. Or the old guy in the wheel chair towards the end? By that time I was just rolling my eyes and getting more confused and upset that I was actually trying to make sense of this non-sequitur story line.Then it hit me. There was no point. There was no reason for this movie at all. It is just one long Coen self back patting cinematic journey and a movie to praise their own, self recognized, film making skills. What Blazing Saddles was to westerns this movie is to their previous works. It is quite ironic, and knowing the Coens deliberate, that it ends with Tommy Lee speaking of dreams. You know that feeling, the sense when you first wake up from a weird dream but in your half asleep mind set the fact that a pink dog was playing Tchaikovsky on the piano while sipping a martini and explaining why hot dogs come in 10 packs while buns come in 8 somehow can relate to your entire life plan and future goals. As you regain your senses and become fully awake you realize that it was only a dream and sometimes a cake is just a cake.Directors should not take center stage and simply let their films speak for them. This movie only speaks about the directors. Those that say this film is genius are still half asleep. When they wake up they also will admit they were stupefied by the Coens and didn't dare to question their "talent". Well, I am begging you to indeed question it and see this movie for what it really is: Self indulgent nonsense.Bottom line is that No country for Old Men (even the title is ridiculous and misleading) is a film one can easily skip. When someone comes out and tells you about this film and how great it is, watch them start talking about the Coens and their amazing talent. For if any other director made this heap of trash you would be renting this directly off the shelves as it would never have made the big screen.
bad When movie's form and substance are not in harmony the strain can be obvious. With a stellar cast, superb cinematography and magnificent American Gothic period setting, The Beguiled (2017) has uncompromisingly beautiful form. In terms of substance, on the other hand, its characterisation and narrative interpretation are underwhelming.The storyline is uncomplicated. A wounded Union mercenary Corporal John McBurney (Colin Farrell) is found in the woods by a young pupil of a nearby prestigious girls school. She helps him limp to the school where the headmistress Miss Martha Farnsworth (Nicole Kidman) agrees out of Christian kindness to provide shelter from the Confederates. The slave servants have fled and the Civil War rages, but the school stays open for a handful of orphaned girls. McBurney knows that his charm and seduction skills are vital to his survival as he smirks privately at having landed in a crinoline paradise compared to the battle outside. The ladies are aflutter at his presence and an atmosphere of repressed sexuality and jealousy simmer below the surface. But he is too clever for his own Irish charm as he tries to worm his way into too many beds. When caught out for his duplicity, the sweet angels of charity exact their revenge.With a story rich in narrative potential and star-power like Kidman, Farrell and Fanning, you might expect a delicious thriller melodrama with characters of depth, complexity and nuance. But instead we find a flat narrative with two-dimensional caricatures devoid of emotional expression. Apart from McBurney's angry outburst at having been thwarted by a mere handful of women, nobody in this film seems to feel anything more urgent than how the plates might be arranged for dinner. Piques of jealousy, fear, passion, feminist rage? – none of seems to have made the final cut. Perhaps it's a Gothic affectation that upper-class Southern ladies enjoy French grammar and music lessons accompanied by exploding cannonballs. Whenever there is hope for an exciting narrative twist, the ladies spontaneously assemble for a posed composition of exquisite elegance and formality as if beckoned by a painter for a portrait sitting. Seeing this the first time is a visual delight; seeing it multiple times displays a level of artifice that distracts from an already slow narrative. Gothic atmosphere is usually full of tension but here it's more about smoky mists and mood lighting that varies between dark, darker and darkest. What could have been offered as a triumphantly gruesome finale is instead played out as deadpan politeness in a sewing lesson for once rich young white ladies.Opinions differ widely about this film. Some will have seen the 1971 version or read the source novel, others of course will see it cold. Perhaps it is meant to be a deliberately restrained feminist Gothic noir interpretation. However, despite its high-quality inputs this film is more about form than substance. It has not risen to its potential.
bad Where to begin? OK, by stating the simple facts. The history here is distorted beyond all measure. 21st century sensibilities, seen through the lens of sterilized political correctness, make this film practically unwatchable from beginning to the (oh will it ever come?) end. Every white character is a one dimensional pastiche of evil while, conversely, it's only black people who possess anything approaching morality and basic human decency. It wears out and wears thin very rapidly indeed.Steve McQueen - a director whose previous work I admired - got this film all wrong. He needed to do many things to put this film on the right track from the get go. But, most of all, he needed to work with a script which had its roots in reality, not in this distorted, oddly perverse and, frankly, unworthy representation of antebellum America. It's a shame and a sham yet it could have been a great story. Truly awful, but I gave it 2 stars - the extra one because, thank heavens, Oprah is not in it.
bad What story there was was dreadfully slow and convoluted, and bore little resemblance to the original.Nothing about it was scary at all save for the mild "suitcase" jump when we were all expecting the baddie to be behind the case not in it. I have no idea how some people can say this was scary unless they've never seen another "horror" movie in their lives.Absolute and utter rubbish.
bad I'm a fan of Peter Lorre's and I love black & white films.  I enjoy foreign films.  I even like trying to twist my brain around mind-boggling, symbol-filled, convoluted art flicks.  But I was incredibly disappointed in, *M*.It had a lot of potential, but it kept drowning in itself.  It took me a while to understand this.  The plot itself wasn't overly complex -- so why did I still have the feeling of unpleasant confusion.  What I finally realized is that *M*'s downfall is that it can't decide what it is.I went into it with a general understanding of what it was going to be about, and knowing Peter Lorre's work I had certain expectations.  The parts of the movie that were most satisfying to me were those which fit those expectations: a tense, shadowy atmosphere made all the more eerie and suspenseful by the skillful use of, "In the Hall of Mountain King."Other parts of the movie felt more like a police procedural.  There is certainly a place for the Ed McBain's of our world, but that place is not being mixed in with Robyn Cook.  These segments felt out of place, and they jarringly interrupted the mood created by the spookier, more emotionally taut scenes.The much-applauded ending had the same problem for me: it suddenly introduced yet another mood -- that of introspection and social consciousness.  This was too distinct from either of the other two moods to feel as if it were even part of the same picture.Each mood, each theme, each general strain could have been very good on its own -- but, as a package, the film felt ill-blended.  And, as much as I enjoy paradox and even confusion, they are not, in of themselves, sufficient criteria for a good film.
bad This is how I would describe this total nonsense. At the beginning the movie starts with an interesting idea, about the possibility of mutating human DNA with the help of science to assimilate the atmospheric conditions found on Titan to accommodate human beings on another world, but as the plot develops it becomes obvious that this movie it's going to end in a free fall.After seeing half of the movie you start to wonder when is it actually starting, but then you will be surprised by a generous mix of animal superpowers that are injected into our main character, which is having an internal struggle of leaving his family on Earth. Then, the chosen ones start to drop like flies, one after the other, each suffering from various mutations that are affecting the body, the latter having troubles of assimilating the vaccines. The leading program scientist has a hidden agenda, without telling the subjects that they were injected with some enzymes that is awakening something inside them, but that hidden agenda is discovered by the detective wife (which is conveniently a super doctor that can see what is going on with her husband). Then humans transform to Titan creatures, some of them killing their loved ones (even though they were fully conscious about their surroundings). Wife saves the day, having a firing platoon that is disobeying the program director direct orders and she somehow manages to keep the main character alive. The hole scenarios goes up in the air, when the dolphin like character develops wings at the ending scene (when he finally reaches Titan) and ends the scene with a Superman like flight over the dark scenery of Titan. This movie felt like eating a sandwich with peanut butter and jelly, beans, cabbage and bonbons, with a dash of sower cream and salad, topped up with olives and onion. Spare yourself a precious hour and a half, and watch anything else.
bad I just made an IMDB account just so I can write a review for this movie.. This was easily one of the worst movies I have ever watched. Has no story line whatsoever, I don't even know what the movie was about to be quite honest.. it was boring, and the way the girls behaved was too much for my likings.. no one acts like that, wayyy to exaggerated. I don't know one girl who masterbated at school.. that scene was just unnecessary.. the whole movie was trash.. you can always tell when its a Netflix movie. Absolute rubbish.
bad First, two dimensional performances by everyone. 2. No sexual tension between Kidman and Farrell 3.No suppressed sexuality in the younger cast members which the earlier film was notable for 4. Photography consists of oaks, with dripping moss, mist and slanting sun or moonlight, again and again
bad Private Banjamin is an uneven film, but it is also an entertaining one. The first half is very focused, but the second half does get rather scatter-shot and dull. While most of it is funny, some of the laughs have a tendency to become sporadic, while the romance felt forced for my tastes. On the other hand, the film is at least nice to look at with good cinematography, editing and scenery, the story is decently paced and maintains interest and at its best the script is smart and snappy. Goldie Hawn is a very likable lead, and there is a sterling support cast including Eileen Brennan and Harry Dean Stanton. Overall, a very decent and entertaining film. 7/10 Bethany Cox
bad This did not have depth to the plot in any way, shape or form. It was badly directed and frankly, badly acted. Without giving spoilers other than one which is revealed at the start anyway, there was a thin and vague back story which the film took you back to throughout story, but what you was taken back to was so rubbish and uninteresting, and repetitive, combined with not actually explaining anything besides his wife was ill, that it really was a bit pointless. The lead actor could not carry the film with the focus being of him in the cockpit, his reactions to the situation were one dimensional and unrealistic, as were his wife's. There was no explanation about how each player came into the 'plot', and the vague pointers to it were uninteretsing and did not make sense and there was no conclusion. It was as though someone scribbled the very basics for a movie on the back of small napkin, but forgot to finish it and then the director assumed it was finished and just said, read your lines, it's Ok, I don't think I'll direct today, I'm having a cuppa instead.. Annoyed I wasted my time. I think Radcliffe may do better when he has others to bounce off and maybe some direction and plot.With so many talented writers and directors out there, I don't understand why so much rubbish has money thrown at it or is given airtime.
bad Out of all of the reality shows that has been on during the past decade I can say upfront that MTV's "Jersey Shore" has to be one of the worst if not the worst of the decade. Its ranks right up there with the rest of the reality shows that are total crap.."Frankie and Neffe", "The Real Housewives Of...", "Making The Band", "College Hill:Atlanta", just to name a few. "Jersey Shore" is pure unadulterated trash.From a previous comment,it is a sad representation of our youth and he is right,but what moron executive at MTV came up with the idea or the thought of it would be entertaining to show to social retardation of a bunch of twentysomethings each week make fools of themselves and others in public? All this shows is acting out with all of its gritty behavior,promiscuity,violence(oh yeah,each week..the fights..OMG the fights!)all in the name of getting ratings. Another bad reality show? Yes. Stereotyping of ethnic groups(Italians)or making fun of other minorities? Yes. Its not fun nor its not pleasant. Its stupid. Beyond stupid. "Jersey Shore" is one of those shows that has no intelligence(what intelligence?),no real morals or complexity. Its self-absorbed, and completely ridicious. The characters on this show along with the people who produced it are nothing but lowrent sand-for-brains. Its not only an embarrassment to us,but it shows how half of our youth are a bunch of morons,and its a diss. Come on,MTV you used to show music videos here. What the hell happened????
bad Just so you know where I'm coming from... I think Magnolia is one of the most overrated films I've ever seen. But this... This is a damn Kubrick-level masterpiece. Flawless. Saw it from a folding chair in a overflowing theater at the Alamo's Fantastic Fest in Austin - there were moments where I'd look back and see every jaw in the room dropped. Its less overtly political than I imagined - more about the psychology and emptiness of the lust for power. See this as soon as it comes out - this is going to cause a ruckus (especially coming out on Christmas, Jesus!), and its much better if you don't know what to expect. Except for blood.
bad Alan Cummings plays a former CIA agent now turned successful author and professor named Dr. Dylan Reinhart whose publisher Joan Ross (Whoopi Goldberg) tells Dylan that his most recent storyline is missing the magic that was present in his first book. Joan suggests to Dylan that he needs to become active in the field again to regain his lost writers mojo.So Dylan agrees to tag team with a young and pretty blonde detective named Lizzie Needham (Bojana Novakovic) and their on screen tag team magic is quite evident from the get go. Detective Lizzie Needham and scholar/writer Dylan Reinhart feed off of each other in solving this the pilot episodes first murders. This particular serial killer murders each victim and at the murder scene the killer leaves one (1) of the fifty-two (52) poker playing cards to which Detective Needham and Dylan have to figure out the cards clue in solving the next murder before it happensThe TV series writers did more than an adequate job of keeping their audience in suspense and the on screen chemistry between actors Alan Cummings and Bojana Novakovic was very entertaining. This new series has some good momentum with this the pilot episode and I trust the series writers will provide new material each week to sustain and maintain a new audience.I give the series an excellent 8 out of 10 rating and look forward to seeing more of the same.
bad I think Spielberg's lost his way recently. This move is absolutely empty without the pop culture references it reaps upon, without an ounce of subtlety no less (If I want to watch The Shining, I'll watch The Shining. If Spielberg really wanted a highlights reel of The Shining pasted onto his movie, he should be learning to have some restraint). Hollow story, no characters, no emotion, terrible CGI that is reminiscent of current pre-rendered cutscenes (which is pretty accurate but extremely lazy. It would've been nice to see some effort and creativity), hazy and exhausting action sequences, and a hackneyed message about being a gamer and how electronics are bad and should be used in moderation. It's basically a spiritual successor to The Emoji Movie.
bad Some ground rules. Legend has it that the first-time scriptwriter for this oddity was paid a million dollars, and then the project was shelved because they could not figure out what to do with it. Then they had a brainstorm. Just make it. And here we are with an almost-Hitchcockian pseudo-thriller that occasional resembles a police story and even sometimes a horror film. The story gives new life to the cliché, "plot holes you could drive a truck through." Hugh Jackman gives the performance of his life, but his character is so lacking in empathy that this might not be enough. Jake Gyllenhaal plays himself which ironically is more than enough to carry the role. Maria Bello is lost. Dennis Villeneuve is a great director who can make even the rain interesting and one would like to see him try his hand at something better written. Like the phone book.
bad 'Ready Player One (2018)' should have been called 'The Pop-Culture Movie', since it is so chock-full of blatant references and call-backs to media, from the eighties and nineties in particular. It seems as though this over-reliance on pre-existing material, along with its recognition and nostalgic value, is the driving force behind most of the narrative, being that the flick itself doesn't capture the spirit of the films it intends to ape, and so often calls out by name to cringe-worthy results, but instead shoves in reference after soulless reference in a vapid attempt to prey on its audience's ability to recognise things they've seen before. This 'nostalgia vampirism' is meant to evoke memories of better films and have those emotions transposed onto this one, though it only succeeds in the former and reminds you how much you'd rather watch any of those than this. It's evocative of the larger issues that plague the flick, those being that it doesn't have any real stakes or ability to engage on its own and also treats its audience as rather dumb and forces expository dialogue down their throats at every opportunity. The on-the-nose exposition was honesty some of the most intense and grating I'd experienced in some time. The feature did have some nice visual effects and I cared about the digital 'avatars' as much as any of their real-world counter-parts, though only to a certain degree, but so much was happening that it was hard to register at times due to the odd colour palette and heavily contrasting character designs. It didn't have a cohesive aesthetic, to say the least. It did have a good score by Alan Silvestri and some of its allegorical undertones certainly ring true. I honestly wasn't entertained, though, despite all the visual splendour and things that should appeal directly to me, and that really tells you all you need to know. For all the throw-away movie references, where was the fun of 'Raiders Of The Lost Ark (1981)'? Where was the wonder of 'E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial (1982)', the suspense of 'Jaws (1975)' or the excitement of 'Jurassic Park (1993)'? In other words, where was Spielberg? 4/10
bad If you're looking for anything fun from the book, it's probably gone. Your favorite scene or part of the story line regarding the hunt for the keys and search for clues is GONE! Everything is GONE! Forget RUSH, Joust, ZORK, Lich King, Blade Runner, ALL GONE! A very sad screenplay for such a wonderful book.
bad While the acting is good, the story is hardly likely and contains inconsistencies. Will's mathematical "proofs" are really "solutions" to problems. The writers clearly know nothing of their subject matter, and have failed to consult sufficiently in an area outside their expertise. Furthermore, the "psychological" side of the story is simple and really contains nothing new or interesting (basically, it's the story of a normal guy who's had some issues in his life, who reads avidly and has a great interest in math, yet somehow does not even know the names of the theorems he makes use of in his "proofs"). Wishful thinking from people with little to no background in science, and ignorant enough to believe that Will's level of knowledge is possible without study. I put this movie on the same level as "The Girl Next Door": an adolescent movie whose entertainment value is due primarily to the distraction in provides.
bad What's it supposed to be? Is it transgressive cinema at it's trashiest? Seems more of a transgressive, rolling ball of manure, the new queen of camera cut-aways. For anything to be effective the key is suspension of disbelief at which this excrement fails horribly.Let's break it down:1. The infamous scene of the so-called newborn porn: forced, not even suggestive and so it fell flat, right on its belly. Also by that time I was so bored by the non-existent pacing I had to support my eye-lids with matchsticks to keep them open.2. Dick in the eye socket more than self-parodic. I laughed out loud. Shock value much?3. Father on underage son nooky reaction: oh, come on. Takes a lot of filming to be this cheap.4. Plot holes the size of Grand Canyon. 5. There's one smartly edited scene of decapitation but it's gratuitous and feels disconnected from the dung laden story. Srpski Film is cowpat from the beginning till the very bitter end. Stay away.
bad That saying, "Some things you can't unsee" is definitely in full affect here. I saw this at the SF indiefest with a small theater packed with people and left utterly speechless. I have seen everything under the sun when it comes to sick and twisted cinema and this tops it all.What's insane is that this movie is REALLY well made; Some very impressive camera work, disgustingly sharp and mean spirited dialogue, a believable cast and some serious nailbiter scenes. Oh yeah, it's actually got some laugh out loud moments also, but it never takes you away from that feeling of dread and utter disgust.As a previous review said, there are about 4 scenes that I will never forget in my life. I saw this about a week ago and every time I see the friends I saw it with the scenes come up in our conversations. There are things put on celluloid that I never, ever thought I would see in a cinema in America(or Europe for that matter).Go into this with extreme caution and a very open mind. I loved it.
bad Words can't explain how awful High School Musical is. I had rented this movie on DVD since I heard how "good" it was. Turns out that I was falling asleep after the first 10 minutes. After watching the whole thing I wanted to break that DVD into pieces. I don't see why everyone is so in love with this movie, what a disgrace to musicals! First of all, it's obvious that they're lip syncing throughout the whole movie. It's horribly directed and written. And who the heck sings while playing basketball? Oh yeah, the songs sucked too. And why the heck does everyone go crazy over Zac Efron? He looks like a combination between a monkey and an ugly old woman. Every time someone mentions him I cringe. If I have to hear his name or see his face on a magazine one more time I'm gonna hurl.Overall, avoid this movie.
bad Season 1 was funny. ERINN HAYES was fantastic!!! I think it's so lame they let her go and brought in Leah Remini. I loved King of Queens but that ship has sailed. I can't even stomach the show now. Such a shame. They gave a poor performance about how the mom died. I am very disappointed that Kevin James decided to go this route.
bad Lost patience to go further after 25 minutes. Kinda bored to watch this slow, going nowhere, daily happenings in America's every neighborhood. But one thing I've found out during watching, Abbi Jacobson is a very good actor with natural, unpretentious performance. She's not as pretty as some of the female actors we used to see, but somehow I've found her very attractive to look at with a quiet charm. A very talented actor I must say. The screenplay is a bit of bland, mixed 4th of July with her boyfriend's birthday to throw a party. There's no big deal to tell, just her lousy brother's heroin addiction roused a turmoil in her daily life and the family.
bad The acting is good, it's competently shot, and has a nice location. The real problems are with this movie is it's tone and the adult characters. At first feels like a fun family movie but then turns into a dark, depressing Jason Bourne style thriller next. And all the adults are morons, especially the mom. Not a gigantic load of garbage but not amazing either.
bad Wow. Once again my faith in the rational persons ability to discriminate between depth and breadth, is verified, in that I have none.The film was long. Not deep. I think there is a misunderstanding. The film had the veneer of an epic film. It had all the right elements to be an epic comic-book adaptation to screen. Yet it faltered, mainly because everyone was so wrapped up in the idea of Ledger giving a career defining performance, they couldn't see past it. It's almost as if they accepted the brilliance of his performance before they entered the theatre, off of the back of the hype and the critics reviews, and all that was left was to actually watch it and be able to validate this belief.Disregarding Heath Ledgers untimely death, can you really say that he was a better Joker than Jack Nicholsons? I for one, cannot. Others have already said it; he had no back story. A character without a past and a motive - especially when they are a killer - is just not one that is appropriate to a story about good and evil. The things we like about villains is that we can relate to the reasons they do the things they do, whilst asking ourselves whether their reasons are justified. We get into a dialogue, and we ourselves get to decide who we side with - the good or the bad. This villain left me feeling flat and unfulfilled because he had no real motive, - making it impossible to choose which argument, good or bad, I sided with - and left me feeling like I was a voyeur, watching a guy kill loads of people.Everyone has been raving about the script, which I thought was plain dreadful at points. Others have raised the questions here. What was with his voice? He would make a great nursery nurse. The poignant moment on the boat when the sailor said something to the effect of "They haven't pushed the button yet, because we are still alive" was just plain embarrassing. The fact that Batman kept leaving in the middle of a conversation became irritating instead of cool and enigmatic. Why can't he just hear someone out. And at the end when batman runs home like Charlie, I was nearly dying in laughter. I could hear the music 'I've got a golden ticket'. There were other embarrassing script moments, but because the film was so bad, I can't even be bothered to mention them. The phone device for one was utter...The rhetoric of the characters in their oratorical moments was again, limp. It was as if the writer had started a sadistic, flowing evil speech, but had not had the tools with which to really elaborate. Because he had decided to keep the Jokers background exclusive, the speeches were neither funny or scary. They were punctured and lacked conviction.The fact that this is the number one movie is embarrassing. IMDb should take it off out of principle. If this wins an Oscar, I will never watch a Hollywood movie again.
bad Forget all the three-line raves this movie has received (which all seem to be suspiciously similar in tone). THE ROOM is one of those rare laugh-riots that is so fantastically inept as to border on genius. While most bad movies offer a handful of terrible scenes divided by stretches of just plain dull, writer-director-producer-star Tommy Wiseau's film offers one moment of disaster after another.Whether it's the made-up-by-fifth-graders dialogue, the deer-in-headlights performances, or the positively icky sex scenes (love those smushed rose petals on the chubby girl's back), you'll be howling from start to finish.This movie has already amassed a cult of people who know what to yell at the screen and when; for a movie that's being self-distributed, this rates as some kind of crap-movie miracle.Keep an eye out for the pointless insert shots of San Francisco, which give the idea of time passing even when it doesn't: one party scene, for example, features eight of these cut-aways.You really can't believe how terrible THE ROOM is, but at least it's entertaining, albeit in ways that the lazy-eyed, odd-bodied, English-mangling auteur never imagined. Not to be missed.
bad The first movie was serviceable but this sequel is just trash. Despite the first Alice movie being mediocre at best, it made a lot of money so here we have a sequel that shouldn't have been made. It ruins even the slightest intrigue the first one had. And gets rid of any magical flare when it comes to the characters. I know when it comes to the message it tries to convey about the importance of time. To choose your own path and make the most of it. But a movie's core message is not enough the carry the movie. Despite the high budget it still comes off as a movie with cheesy CGI and lame scenarios. This sequel tries to delve more into the Wonderland characters and their past but destroys the presence and the charisma they once had. Mad Hatter played by Johnny Depp once again came off super annoying. It just seemed like the whole cast was just there for the paycheck. At least in the first one the characters somewhat had a presence and at least seemed like they were trying. The narrative is just all over the place and came off like a huge mess. Over it being a magical fun time...Kids will be super bored with this one. And the adults will get a headache. 3.5/10
bad Once again black male white girl... Come On Hollywood! enough is enough... instead of sending "messages" like this one, Hollywood should take care of making good films. The Mountain Between Us is so predictable, acting by Idris Elba and Kate Winslet is weak and even picture, in a movie filmed between mountains, is not relevant. In summary, poor script for a very stupid film. Not recommended!
bad I really wanted to like this film. But it has plot holes you could fly a 747 through. The characters do completely nonsensical things. And for the love of God, if you're going to make a place a character in your movie, at least actually film it in that state. Like maybe ... I don't know ... In Bruges?
bad If you're a fan of the Mythology of Hercules in any way, shape or form and expect to see it in this film, you will be sorely disappointed. This film has pulled a complete "World-War-Z" and left absolutely EVERYTHING about the original mythology out except for the fact that it is called "Hercules". But what about all that awesome trailer footage? You know, of Hercules and his amazing feats of heroism? Surprise! Nothing but trailer fodder that is all over in the first 2 minutes of the film. The main focus and theme of the film is how Hercules is NOT the Hercules from myth and legend. So right off the bat the trailer has straight up lied to you. But don't worry, what they leave out from the actual mythology of Hercules they more than make up for in plot points that are VERY BLATANTLY stolen from every other medieval/ancient era epic film made in the last 20 years. Everything from beginning the film with the ever popular "you think you know the story of Hercules? Here's the REAL story of Hercules" narrative, to timeless cliché classics like "sidekick leaves due to differing views but returns during climactic battle to save the day". Even if you aren't looking for a true-to-its-roots Hercules movie, this movie is so completely generic you could substitute just about any other epic of the same genre and you'd swear it was the same movie. Right down to the costumes and battle sequences. The story is painfully predictable, the jokes are hammy and don't fit the tone of the genre, the characters are stock, wooden and forgettable, the fight scenes are boring, the action is unsatisfying.Bottom line, if you aren't a Hercules fan looking for actual Hercules action then you'll be less disappointed than I, but I would still recommend skipping it and saving your money by simply watching Troy/Braveheart/Kingdom of Heaven/Beowulf/Robin Hood/300 instead; the experience will be the same, I promise. However, if you have ever enjoyed the mythology of Hercules and want to see some of it brought to life then this is not the film for you. It is the cinematic equivalent of biting into a chocolate chip cookie only to find out they're actually raisins.
bad As the name indicates, a successor of original XXX. Movie is fine; action stunts, plots, all watchable and enjoyable for once. Only thing that irritates is Deepika Padukone's dialogue delivery. Every time her role comes up, it's like she's narrating a story like a granny. If filming an Indian actress was the only demand then Priyanka Chopra would've been much better.
bad I remember watching this movie when it first came out and I did not know what to think. I mean, it was different. I could not remember seeing dialog like this before or a scene where a guy cuts another guy's ear off. It was unique in that regard. Mind you, it was different, but not really special. Moreover, some parts were very boring. Other parts were so "talky" and somewhat over the top, that they strained credibility. However, there were some funny lines as well. After having watched this again, some ten years later, I can say with all honesty, this film has not aged well. On second look, you see what looks like a first year film student project. It still has funny lines, but the story is paper thin. The actors tend to over act and the dialog is so full of Clint Eastwood wannabe one-liners, that you just roll your eyes. Michael Madsen cannot act, sorry. He is cool, but he cannot act. Tim Roth's attempt at an American accent makes him sound like Ralph Cramden from the HoneyMooners. I was just amazed at how bad this film really looked to a more mature person. The funny lines just don't cover that constant posturing of characters that have no real depth. The movie is cotton candy, it looks filling, but is far from it. Perhaps there will always be 14 year old boys around to give this "cool film" high marks, but I fear it will grow more ridiculous the older I get. However, Tarantino has this cult of personality going and I am sure the 10s will continue coming in for this film and a 10 might mean perfect in here, but that don't make it so.
bad Certain movies you can sort of understand why they are cult classics, other films such as this one, seem to be funny and intelligent because someone said it was funny and intelligent and therefore must be funny and intelligent.I suppose you could find deeper meaning in this, or perhaps the meaning was right there on the surface. But like many of the Coen Brothers films that I have watched I either like them or I don't.The ones that I liked usually have a strong story behind them, the ones that I don't like seem to be more of a "day in the life of" story about people who really don't seem to matter and about events that no one really cares about.Maybe there is some type of amusement in trivial matters, making bored college frat boys feel more intelligent then they really are, but I need something deeper for intellectual stimulation.For my comedy, I don't need slapstick or pie in the face humor to make me laugh. Cynicism, witty dialogue, sarcasm, commentary and so on, not one line random events that happen out of no where with no real context and then expected to be funny.(which is not to say that slapstick pie in the face humor doesn't make me laugh at times...) A very random film with very to little no substance to it. A few quirky one liners here and there, but in all honesty I was more looking at the clock waiting for this film to end then I was looking at the film waiting for it to be entertaining.Yet for some reason it has a cult following and there it is... However one should keep in mind that cults generally comprise of brainwashed individuals who really can't think for themselves anyways and generally follow wherever they are pointed to like mindless sheople...
bad *Minor spoilers involving structure of the film, no plot points*In short, it isn't nearly as bad as everyone is saying. Let me elaborate. In case people don't know, the first Sin City from 2005 was based on the 1st, 3rd and 4th books in the 7 part series by Frank Miller. These follow the story lines of Marv, Dwight and Hartigan respectively. In addition to those, there are also a few shorts thrown in, either from the books or not. So, needless to say, Sin City and its sequel are both anthology films. If you want one single story that takes 2 hours, this may not be your thing. Sin City 2 follows almost the exact same structure as the original, which I found nice. Sure they didn't do anything original with the structure, which was sort of playing it safe, but I liked it. It felt familiar and reminded me of the original which I loved very much. It begins with another short story, this time starring Marv. It rocks. It continues on with a new story not contained in any of the books. It stars Johnny, a gambler who "never loses". Mid way through, we cut to another story. This is the 2nd book, titled "A Dame to Kill For". If you've read this, you won't see anything new. Like with the first film, they essentially translated the story from page to screen, and it works for the most part. There was one detail I didn't like, but it doesn't last long. Then after that, we finish up the story with Johnny, and finally, we get to the revenge mission involving Nancy and her hunt for Senator Rourke. That's all I'll say about that. Everyone is complaining about how the movie looks like a cutscene from a video game. They are sort of right, but not entirely. Even after waiting 2 weeks, I was unable to find a theatre in my city showing the film in 2d. It seems like this is happening more and more now. If you want to see an action movie in theatres, it's 3d whether you like it or not. Now, having not seen a 2d version to make a comparison, I can say that the 3d is most likely what makes it look so video game-y. I'm sure in 2d it'll look slightly better at least. Update: I did see it in 1080p and in 2D, and it does look less like a video game cutscene. You can still tell that there's a lot of CGI, but it's done better than a lot of films. Also, greenscreen sets have been used for over a decade now, I don't see why people are complaining so much. Everything is a CGI-fest these days, and this story, with a fantastic setting and extraordinary physics pulls it off nicely. You can tell, but it's far from awful. Everyone is saying they loved the first one, but hated this one. I don't see how that's possible. They stuck very close to the original in most ways, such as cinematography, soundtrack, and directing, all of which were great (for a Sin City movie). Sure it isn't a masterpiece my any means, and it's not as good as the first, but it's super entertaining, very violent, and is sure to please anyone who enjoys the books or the first film. Forget all those jaded movie snobs saying it sucks. They're just focusing on all the negatives, and letting that cloud their vision of the awesome stuff.
bad I was in the mood for a great film about a young girl who meets a successful and seductive businessman with sexy results. This was not the case. This film was purely awful. No one can blame me for not being in the right frame of mind for the cinema, as some reviewers are. They see a film and end up having a bad night and they put the entire blame on the film, this is not the case for me. I was in a positive frame of mind, and really in the mood to see what I thought would be a somewhat good if not better than mediocre film.This film is about two people who have no chemistry "falling" for each other. "Falling" like off a three story balcony leaving you without the use of your legs for the rest of your life. I'm just going to be blunt. This film is about GLORIFYING DOMESTIC VIOLENCE and a little girl in over her head who tolerates it. The man in the relationship, Chris, in a career-ending performance portrayed by Jamie Doormat, is a control-freak who must be in control in everything he does, including the life of his BDSM buddy, Ana.Not only does he creep onto her, HE BEATS HER, non-consensually while they have intercourse, he stalks her, HE INTIMIDATES HER and he shows no love for her. If this were any other film, he would be the antagonist. If you're in the mood for a movie that shows what true love is, I suggest you see Mrs. Doubtfire, as that film is about a loving family man who shows his dedication and support to his wife, even after they are separated, and his children, by dressing up as an elderly female babysitter. 50 Shades of Brown gets 1/10 stars from me as I am unable to give A BIG FAT ZERO.
bad I am sorry to rain on everybody's parade. Just a little background about me: I like and know a lot about Asian cinema, especially Japanese, Chinese and Indian. Admittedly I am a novice when it comes to South-Korean cinema but, if this is the best of the best, sorry. I just want you to know that I am not at all narrow-minded when it comes to appreciating foreign movies and I do not fit the stereotype of the "dumb American" . . . well, not perfectly.I cannot believe the high praise this piece of nothing is bestowed upon. This is a disgusting *and* ludicrous movie. Hammy acting - everything is badly done and overdone, like begging for the uneducated viewer's attention. Horrible camera-work, with an insistence on meaningless close-ups derived from the MTV aesthetics.The plot is more full of holes than a gigantic piece of Swiss cheese. Nobody expects a thriller to be 100% realistic, and for the sake of entertainment I'd be happy to close my eyes to small unfitting details. But, excuse me, what's happening here that *can* stand even summary scrutiny? This story of an unbelievably intricate and contrite act of revenge is worse than the worst tabloid story one can read in a line at the supermarket. (Don't want to spoil your "enjoyment", if that's the word, so won't go into details of the plot.) The fighting scenes are violent, unbelievable, downright stupid (the main "hero" taking on dozens and dozens of opponents in the same time, after he ONLY trained while imprisoned, punching a wall ! ) The truly "outstanding" features of this movie are two: the lurid and incestuous sex (brother on sister and father on daughter, well, we've evolved since Oedipus, didn't we?) and the graphic violence. The cut off body parts - hands, teeth, tongues - together with industrial quantities of spilled blood (how many tens of thousands of tomatoes had to die for this movie to be made?) have no esthetical function/motivation whatsoever.A feast for the S & M inclined, admittedly, but, even for those, a feast of no merit nor subtlety. Heavens, even Mel Gibson's recent and much-discussed work on an almost similar theme wasn't THAT bad.The invariably good press this pretentious, overblown, overlong piece of gratuitous gore coming from Korean shores obtains makes me wonder what's happening. I don't think of myself as being the ultimate paragon of taste and often I am ready to accept that a movie I didn't enjoy may be better than I was able to perceive. However, I have no scruples whatsoever in calling this one as I see it: bad, bad, bad. No redeeming qualities. My 2c? Find something better to do with your time.
bad I must admit I had high hopes for this film. Having seen portions of Amy Schumer's show and other clips of her stand-up I thought this should be really good. Wrong all the way. The film starts with promise but rapidly goes down from there. How many ways can you make promiscuity funny....well too many. Very few things in this film were funny. It began to become uncomfortable and very repetitive. Ms Schumer is good in small doses, but is no Bullock or McCarthy. Towards the end it picks up just a very small amount but goes back into the toilet. All in all, I could have spent the 2 hours doing something more productive, such as contemplating my navel or cleaning the toilet. Oh well, the next film I see will, fingers crossed, be much better.
bad Blade and Blade II were movies that were mostly visual masterpieces which thrived on the atmosphere; Blade II more than I. Quick transitions, scenes that mostly had only one predominant color. The Blue of the Ninja type fight, the amber of the night scenes, the red of the Moo Cow Factory where Blade and Whistler were finally reunited. Blade was to be a great modern vampire epic, where they were no longer regarded as immortal undead beings that were warded by celestial tokens and pure substances like water but rather as a recessive niche of humans that is either blessed or cursed by genetic defects that cause severe allergies to garlic, silver and sunlight. Blade II was a great second installment because it was dark, it was moody, the atmosphere was pressing, the story was good and the concept artists really did their best at it.Honestly, Blade III contains way too much sunlight, tries to be overly funny with one character that tries to crack jokes around every corner of the film, hopelessly tries to renew the legend that started the entire Vampire hype and in the process turns it to a story and an antagonist that are both too stupid to believe, honestly. Okay, I have to admit that Hannibal was funny now and then, but that's not what I watched this movie for. Drake, however, was the worst thing that could happen to this movie. His acting was completely dead and the story of his insurrection was completely far-fetched. And honestly, who would believe a man that is supposed to be the first born of all vampires, threatening to throw a baby off the side of a building, yet later when the final duel arrives, would speak of honor? His character almost seemed to be put together at the last stroke to form an inconsistent whole. Deacon Frost from the first movie on the other hand had no honor, so he had no problem with throwing a young Chinese girl in front of a bus, but then again he was exactly who he was supposed to be, an atrocious, power hungry little thug....In the first movie, Blade was a Vigilante with nothing to lose, a tainted soul with no way out other than killing or dying. In the second, after he had overcome the obstruction of not knowing who bit his mother, he learned to look further than his hate by secretly falling in love with one of his greatest enemies. In Blade Trinity, he is no longer the stoic, silent samurai he is supposed to be, but he tries to be - or is asked to be - too many things at the same time. Even in the aftermath of his best friend's death, he still tries to be too witty, too much of a drill instructor and he can barely relate to the new appendage to the vampire slaying team.Speaking of whistler's death; when he died in Blade I, which I think to be an admirable scene full of gravity and persuasion, in Blade III, you would miss it if you'd blink. His abrupt death in Trinity does both Blade I and II injustice, since they took all this trouble to get him back in the story only to let him die without any reverence.I have heard many things about this movie being extremely action packing, however most of the time, action, and I mean real action, is far away. In Blade II, the introduction to the main character was an excellent opening scene, Trinity's introduction was dull compared to that. I agree that on more than one occasion, the soundtrack was better and I am glad that the old Dodge Charger got more moments in this third movie. Admitted that it barely ran in Blade II, this little fact does not vouch for the conclusion. Trinity's ending battle between protagonist Blade and antagonist Drake was also extremely lacking, to say the least. All the fighting scenes in Blade II were superior than those in Blade III, except one or two that I really like better.The styling of Blade: Trinity was atrocious, in many ways. I cannot overlook how they have ruined blade's armor and gave him a pansy vest. Some of the new toys were interesting, but at the same time, some were far fetched and completely obsolete and I dearly missed the UV detonators from Blade II. There were little moments that incorporated special effects, but most of those were very disappointing.Guillermo del Toro said in his DVD commentary that he was very optimistic about what David S. Goyer would do when he gets his hands on Trinity, but, my conclusion is that when del Toro declined to do number three, he condemned it to a horrid fate. I'm actually surprised that it showed in TheatersI do not recommend this movie to anyone but the die hard Marvel/Vampire aficionado.** out of 5
bad I'm not going to lie, the first time I watched this movie, I thought its OK, nothing to write home about. Then I found myself watching the film a week later, and I thought it was awesome from that moment. I find this happens a lot, don't judge films on the first watch, watch them again and then comment! Lost In Translation and Con-Air are films which also fell into the category of being OK on first watch, but awesome from there on after.From the very start of the film when the name 'Cocktail' flashes up in pink neon, then 'Starship - Wild Again' begins to play, you have an opening scene that makes you feel good and makes you wanna keep watching.I've often had day-dreams of moving to a far away place to start a fresh career, and Brian Flannagan (Cruise) does just this. Its not an path to easy-money as Brian soons finds out,there are pitfalls at every corner, and working at a cocktail bar seemed like a daunting, last job you'd want in the world. But he seems to make the role of barman very appealing, maybe its the free and easy women that seem to flock I dunno, either way, I'd give bar-tending a go after watching this movie. Having a boss like Doug (Brian Brown), who's basically a chilled out, the kind of boss you could have a laugh with every-shift kinda guy, would also make the job that bit better.He clearly didn't set out to be a full time bar-tender,thats why he enrols at the local New York College. Myself, being a student can relate to the scene where the lecturer is talking about the 'money multiplier'. I've often been sat in lectures thinking what the hell is this guy going on about? As people all around you seem to be engaged and nodding at everything he says.When he leaves New York and heads to Jamaica, I was kind of thinking the movie would go downhill, and you do kind of miss New York, in other movies they would keep linking back to New York, but with Brian having no connections with New York (having fallen out with Doug) it would of seemed inappropriate to keep going back there.The sun, sea and money of Jamaica is very appealing but there's only one thing that makes the trip worthwhile and thats when he bumps into Jordan (Shue). What a beauty! In my view Top Gun was a great film but lacked a bombshell, no offence Kelly McGillis, but she didn't really do it for me. In Elisabeth Shue, Cocktail hit the jackpot.When he returns to New York, you get the feeling its last chance saloon time, where he really can't afford anymore slip-ups. He patched things up with Doug but you get the feeling he would would rather be independent then working for his buddy again! And after messing things up with Jordan, going with a rich, but much older women, he finds himself in limbo when that falls through.Once Doug commits suicide, there is only one option he can now pursue and thats winning back Jordan. Its a typical chick flick ending, but I still think the film rocks. The soundtrack is under-rated in my view, I love the music in Jamaica 'Shelter from Your Love' and 'Oh, I Love You So' are both great songs.To conclude, this movie is a must see for any aspiring wannabee millionaire business-men, like myself. I would also like Elisabeth Shue and a friend like Doug as well, but beggars can't be choosers.!
bad I watched it at Göteborg film festival som days ago. I really wanted to like this but its just didnt click for me. The actors fail to sell the love story, they dont connect on the screen and that technobabble from Alicia Vikanders character doesnt make it better. Two parallell stories at once. For this to work the love story need to be sold, but it just doesnt work. I dont belive it when the main characters get outburst, the reaction feels to theatric and it becomes a make belive reaction for show. To really make the terrorist look bad and evil they put in things that just oversell the evilness of the terrorist. Yes I get it, they are the badguys but it becomes a bit to much. Sorry. I really wanted to enjoy this but it didnt work for me.
bad After seeing Gone Girl, I left the theater angry and a bit shaken. The movie reminded me how unfair our society is, where people can get away with accusing others of wrong doing, and ruin the lives of said people by just stating, "He did that to me!". It was a well made film that evokes the feelings of the times we are living in, where a persons belief and emotion is more important than facts and data. This film, The Girl on the Train, made me angry as well, but for all of the opposite reasons. Again, we have a film where the man is automatically the villain, and all of the women victims. This man-hating spectacle is intensified by having one man ultimately responsible for ruining the lives of not just one person, but 5! The women had nothing to do with it, they were all innocent, and none of them did absolutely nothing to deserve their fates.I am sick and tired of these types of movies with an obvious feminist agenda, where men are always the bad guys and women the helpless victims. It only tells one side of the story, where one gender is exalted above the other, and it is not only dishonest, but insulting to its audience. No one was innocent in this tale, and unlike Gone Girl (where everyone admitted their wrong doings), the women of this film not only relished in their faults, but continued to exacerbate them by their repeated actions. It's a slap in the face to those of us out there that are good men, and would do anything for the person's we love. Emily Blunt is one of the finest actors of our time, and this movie deserves a higher grade simply due to her stunning and jaw-dropping performance. But I cannot, in good conscience, advise anyone to see this obvious misandrist tripe that only serves to further a simplistic and deviant belief that, "Men are Bad. Men hate women. Women are victims. Women should ruin or kill men who don't do as they say". If it all sounds neanderthal-like, it's simply because movies like these are made to appease a very specific group of people; people who don't expect to think when asked to, but only react to what they are told to react to. This type of film-making has no place in Hollywood, least of all cinema in 2016.I am not an easily offended person, but after watching this film as a man, I am offended. Hollywood, you are failing men everywhere. You should all feel ashamed and think long and hard as to the messages you are vomiting into the world. Men are not your punching bags that you can repeatedly assault ad naseum to appease your entitled and mentally deranged audience. Not even Blunt could save this travesty of a film for me. I want my time and emotion back. You can keep the ticket price.
bad I watched all series of SAW, but this part was so boring.I don't recommend to watch that movie in the cinema, as you will fall asleep.I just wanted to run away in the middle of the movie, the whole concept of the movie is really bad. Nothing new.Don't waste your time.
bad This is one the best movies Hayao Miyazaki has ever made. Absolutely wonderful job. The plot was at first a bit confusing, this is a movie that you have to watch more than twice: Its hard to get at first.With beautiful backgrounds, carefully chosen seiyuus, Mononkoe Hime entertains both adults and kids.The first time I watched Princess Mononoke, I was a bit confused about the characters. I wasn't sure what was going on, and who was this movie about again, who is this "Mononoke Hime". But as I watched this movie over and over again, the plot started opening, and I began to understand and realize things I didn't notice before. I have always loved the way Miyazaki draws his characters expressions. Unlike some other anime movies I've seen, Miyazakis characters are more easier to read. And this is where the difference of reality and cartoons steps in. Its easy to overdo your characters expressions, and so spoil the movie, and make it look stupid, even childish. This isn't a mistake that Miyazaki would do. A big bonus for that!Mononkoe Hime surpasses even the famous "Nausicaa, the valley of the wind". Im totally impressed!
bad I know what a cheesy self aware Netflix movie is supposed to be. But it still doesn't give the right to treat the audience like trash. That's exactly what's happening here. With a good cast and a reputed director, and a promising premise, this movie could have been hell of a lot better. But, no. It chooses to be lazy and preposterous or whatever you want to call brain-dead scenes. I wish that i enjoyed this flick but when you see such a good opportunity go to Waste, you can't help giving a bad review. Sigh.
bad The "Vacation-series" are all classics that are loved all around the world. They all got this warm humor with the excellent Chevy Chase in the leading role. Nowadays "Christmas Vacation" is a new tradition on our family Christmas evening. That said...This was by far the worst piece of crap I have ever seen. Bad script, bad humor, bad acting. Just really really bad. I know the movie isn't one that wafts of intelligence, but come on. A three year old kid would have done a better job than this. I know that the old character of Clark Griswold (Chevy Chase) wasn't the most intelligent man in the world, but he still got some parts that were recognizable for a normal person. We could see some parts of our own dads in him. All characters in the old movies were built like this. With a story built upon a great portion of humor and some part kind of real situations. This movie is just dumb. Really dumb. I was sitting through the whole movie with my mouth open gasping on how incredibly stupid both the script and the characters were. Yikes. The most annoying person in the whole movie isn't actually the leading role played by Ed Helms, but the small son "Kevin" (Steele Stebbins). No adult in the right state of mind would have put up with this kids behavior. It's not even a bit funny. At all. That kid belongs in an institution. I don't think I need to say anything else. The whole movie stinks. I will now try to forget the movie all together, sit back, relax, put my feet up and watch the reruns of the old ones instead.
bad I looked at the cast for this film and I am a fan of the "mothers" so I thought I would relax on a rainy afternoon and enjoy some laughs, and I like holiday films in general.First disappointment was having youngsters using fowl language. This is a film with children yet with the "R" rating children can't see it, and they shouldn't. Children swearing in films is never a good idea, it's not creative and it's just a bad thing to do.This film was way over the top making every aspect of the film far from realistic, too heavy handed. Twenty minutes into the film I knew I could not sit still so I went to customer service and said I needed to leave, I felt nauseated, so they cheerfully gave me a voucher to see another film when I am feeling better. I must take better care in choosing films. I won't even bother with this film when it comes to Netflix~
bad Great cast, big fan of Owen Wilson & Ed Helms, completely wasted. It was absolutely . . . TERRIBLE! Don't waste your time or money! Very few laughs. Incredibly inane story line. I haven't seen a movie this bad since . . . I'm going to have to go with Will Ferrell in "Land of the Lost".
bad Absolutely loved every minute of this movie. Usually I'm not too crazy about Tarantino's movies, but this one is definitely the best one I've seen in a long time. The actors were picked perfectly. The overall experience of a movie is amazing. When we first went to watch it, I was a bit skeptical and thought I'd end up leaving an hour into the movie (it's a 3 hr movie), but it grabbed my attention from the very beginning and I didn't even wanna get up to go to the bathroom, afraid to miss something. I'm usually very particular about the movies, nothing can hardly satisfy me, but this one is definitely in the top 5. Soundtrack was perfect. When I got home, I've done some more research on it and loved it even more! Overall, I would highly recommend this film!
bad OK, the highlight of the show for me was the theme song. Always liked it.I always liked Shemar Moore's work in Criminal Minds. Unfortunately, in this show, he is hampered with political correctness, bad special effects, lack of realism, and ultimately a show that can go nowhere.S.W.A.T. doesn't perform investigations as a group, they are a tactical team. How did you like the really fake blue laser on the rifle!Even though the original show was a long time ago, it might be more real than this one.
bad Taking place in contemporary Mexico, in a fictional village named Santa Cecilia, "Coco" tells the story of a 12 year old musician, Miguel Rivera, whose family - ironically - hates music. There's a pretty good reason why they are against music though. Anyway, nothing can kill Miguel's dreams to meet the success of his icon, Ernesto de la Cruz. It all gets more complicated when he discovers that he is his ancestor and "steals" his magic guitar, which sends him to the World of the Dead. Throughout his journey there, he has the company of his adorable dog, Dante, and a trickster skeleton, Hector. That's how much I can reveal about the story.Coco is a flawlessly crafted movie. It's a visual marvel, a musical phenomenon that has three dimensional characters, top-notch voice acting, great sense of humor, a wonderful, deep message and some really emotional moments that will surely make you cry. Coco is about death, life, love, music and hope. It's also the best and most loyal representation of Mexican culture and the Dia des Muertos (Day of the Dead) holiday I've ever seen. At the same time, it's very refreshing, creative and authentic, which will surprise those who think it's a carbon copy of "Book of Life". It now has a special place in my heart and it's yet another masterpiece from the studio that reinvented the animation genre.
bad Yes, I walked out on this movie, 20 minutes before the ending. I've seen lots of films that were crapper, but this one was so damn aggravating. And unfortunately I went to see it by myself, so I couldn't relieve the tension by turning to a friend to say 'I HATE this film and want these characters TO DIE'.To start with the okay things first - some of the disaster sequences were hugely excessive and brilliantly creative in their way (9 or 10 out of 10), it's ambitious in size, and the cast was mostly good. I enjoyed the comic Russians, even though they were clichéd. I've enjoyed slightly silly disaster films in the past, like Knowing and The Day After Tomorrow, so I try not to take a snob attitude towards them.Now for some of why I HATED this - *SPOILERS* * Other people have commented on the 'heroes' (ie the dysfunctional white family) escaping every disaster at the last moment, more unbelievably than Indiana Jones ever did. While everyone else screams & falls down, continents literally move across the globe for this family's convenience! This is amusing once or twice, but then just gets silly. The emotional problem with this is that you can then only take this as being enjoyable action-comedy. But at the same time BILLIONS OF PEOPLE ARE BEING KILLED (there's no gore, but it's clear everyone on the planet is violently killed), and then even more amazingly you are meant to care whether this dull dysfunctional family gets back together. No, I wanted them DEAD! * This family is AWFUL. Despite the world going to hell, they care for nobody but themselves. They even take their escapes for granted, and all they can give the dying people around them are blank stares and then go back to talking about their personal issues. At least their young girl has the decency to sob once or twice (okay, I take back wanting her dead, but not the others). At a point later in the film, where the mother begs someone to save her kids, I wanted them to ask her what she'd ever done for anyone else's? What a cow. Drown em. * There's nothing wrong with depicting world disaster through the eyes of an ordinary family, but the story isn't actually told through their eyes only, so their importance is never explained. Why am I meant to care? * Did every African-American have to be so bloody noble? EVERY SINGLE ONE? * Having all the non-Americans get the secondary roles left a nasty taste. Because the rule in disaster films is that most of those secondary characters are just there to be killed off. The WORLD is ending, not just the US. But everyone takes orders from the US President, everyone is happy to talk English, and if you're a character from outside the US in this movie, say your prayers. Or rather, don't even bother. * What was the point of filling ships with billionaires? Their money would help build the things, but once everyone else on the planet dies, crusty old billionaires are not only not the best people to hang around with (they're generally not known for their manual labour or scientific skills), but after the world is destroyed so will 99% of their wealth! Their assets will be wiped out. There is no bloody point! A possible plot-line would have involved SOME billionaires bribing their way on board. But boatfuls of them? I have a low opinion of billionaires, but am certain most would be way too smart to think that was a good idea. * This film is kind of insulting to other nations. Even though plenty of US Presidents have been creeps, not all of them have been, and I can accept a heroic US President in a film. BUT, it's insulting to have other world leaders follow him blindly, and have him behave so nobly, going down with his country, while then portraying the Queen of England as one of the loathsome billionaires buying her way out - considering that the Queen Mum made a point of staying in London during the blitz, it's an insult. There's another uncomfortable point where a character expresses exasperation at the type of people they're saving - just as the camera catches sight of a smug middle-eastern billionaire. It comes across as an insult, whether intentional or not, but this film doesn't deserve the benefit of the doubt. Oh, and killing everyone in the Vatican, weird. This kind of mild nastiness could have been fun if the whole film had've been more wicked and bitter, maybe making John Cusack a lovable sleazeball, but no, it has to attempt to pull on our heart-strings too. We are simply meant to love the dull white American family, and want to see them get back together, because Hollywood films take that for granted, and to accept that all African-Americans are amazingly noble, because that's Hollywood being PC.Where I walked out - started to get the urge when the mother begged the Chinese guard to save her children. Would have loved the Chinese guard (oh look, he speaks English) to explain to her why her family didn't deserve his help in the slightest. Where I did walk out - when one of the noble African-Americans made a god-awful speech about why they should try to save more of those horrid billionaires, that those people deserved a chance to live etc. No, I was not going to let these characters try to regain my sympathy so easily after hours of callous behaviour. And I just knew it would be a matter of minutes before John Cusack's character would attempt something similar, through some heroic action (and the plot synopsis on Wikipedia tells me I was right!).
bad OK, I finally got round to watching A Serbian FILM.I consider myself to be in the heavyweight division when it comes to having seen the most hardcore of horror/shock films, i.e, Slaughtered Vomit Dolls, The Gateway Meat, Murder-Set-Pieces, Irreversible, Men Behind The Sun, All the Cannibal films, Nekromantik....you name it, I've probably seen it. Now, I have to say, NONE are as nasty as this beast!Im not going to say what happens in the film, but even for me, some was hard to watch. BUT the actual film is GOOD!...If you can get through it.The basic story is about a guy called Milos, who is a retired porn star, who in his day was the best actor in the business. Now he is a bit skint, so when he gets offered one last job, offering him enough money to set him and his family up for life, he just can't turn it down. He asks what the film is about, but the employer is reluctant to tell.....what happens is indescribable!!! Like I said it is very hard to watch in some scenes, but the film is actually really good, and the acting is solid throughout.You got to think, the poorer European countries, are rife with crime, and money goes a long way. So if you are having hard times and a massive money offer comes your way...How far would you go!For me 8/10, but I can't recommend it, simply for the content in the film. But if you think you can take it, and can appreciate it for the film it is, go for it!
bad It took me three separate sittings to get through the movie. It was so boring and why was it so darn long? There's no other way to put it - the movie was not funny. I love all comedy and all types of humor. This movie was just not funny. Make it 90 minutes, cut to the chase - in this case, the comedy. No need to do so much character development. We should know your character within the first few minutes. If your movie is a comedy then make it a comedy. This movie tried to get kind of dramatic and realistic. The other thing that was painful about this movie is that Amy Schumar is not very attractive, and the role she plays is a promiscuous girl who has one-night stands with hot dudes. This story had me cringing, and yet I don't think I would have been cringing had it been played by another actress. In general the acting was not good.
bad "Salo," despite the time and place it is set in, has absolutely nothing to do with fascism or war.  Nor is it a narrative of any kind.Instead, it is a presentation of a very disturbing philosophy - Man has no kind nature.  They prey on the most vulnerable amongst themselves, and only those with no sense of pride and a willingness to become predators as well survive to the very end.  In the end, everybody is in it for themselves.Sometimes Pasolini delivers his message with creepy minimalism.  But mostly he prefers to give it to the viewer in a manner as subtle as a brick in the head.Pasolini's persistance on showing only the darkest corners of human nature and his complete denial that anything else even exists creates a very dark and incredibly disturbing picture.  It is also the biggest pitfall of "Salo".  It could have been a far greater and much more powerful film if Pasolini allowed at least a single slightest ray of light into the infinitely pessimistic philosophy that he portrays here.However, the way it ended up was as a cry that human kindness does not exist (which pretty much was how it was intended, after all).  In the final scene, he states that the viewer has every bit of potential to be just as evil and predatory as the four fascists in this movie.  A very powerful and thoughtful statement, actually, one that any human being should not deny.In the end, this is a very intelligent and disturbing motion picture, one that forces the viewer to think.  But the endless negativity and pessimism keeps it from being anything greater.  It should only be viewed by those emotionally prepared to handle its very disturbing point-of-view.6 out of 10
bad Just watched Interstellar in imax 70mm. Science Fiction fans can read on, everyone else can skip. Movie is a visual masterpiece. Like his earlier movies, Christopher Nolan once again proved, how big a movie can be! There were some shots,which made audience go crazy..Some scenes were as epic as 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do not go into the theatre expecting an action packed cerebral thriller. This one is not for action fans. At times, movie go highly sentimental( Matthew McConaughey does what he is best in and supposed to). I recommend this movie to all the Sci-Fi fans out there, make sure you go in group of sci-fi nuts!! Do not go with the hype..Go, sit back and enjoy. Just like Inception, this movie will be known as great after few months(I know people who said Inception was a crap when it released, and after few months rating it 10/10 in IMDb :D). I don't wanna spoil anything(If you want PM me). Also, make sure you go to the best theatre close to you. (If you loved Donnie Darko, 2001: A Space Odyssey, this is the one for you, Get ready to get mind blown!!) Interstellar Movie is EPIC in all sense!!
bad Went to see the Oldboy remake last night, although a more apt name would have been "How to solve all your problems with Apple products".Product placement was horrific. He just gets out, doesn't know technology so the female lead was like "ohh we find stuff out on this device called a mac book, let me show you the inner workings of it. Are you getting all this camera and folks at home??" He remembers the restaurant he ate at had a Dragon in the title "Oh we can just use this app here on my iPhone to find all the restaurants in the area with Dragon in it. Are you getting this camera while I go on apple maps and scroll down the list" *camera is over their shoulder showing everything* He knows that song that keeps playing but can't remember where it's from "oh there's an app that lets you play a song and it tells you what it is. Here let me show you and the people at home how to find it on your iphone" *literally holding the phone up to the camera* EVERYTHING they needed to find out, they either ran to a Mac or used their iPhones. Not to mention the 8000 phone calls made each with a lingering shot so you first get the apple on the back and then see the caller picture ID picture then a shot of them swiping to answer it. I honestly half expected him to be swinging a Mac around instead of a hammer in the hallway scene.And Sharlto Copley was just dreadful as the guy who set it all up. Totally hammed it up. His British accent didn't sound cockney like Dick van Dyke but it was as over the top and bad. It was just a sh!t, hugely inferior, dumbed down remake. Meh.
bad The 1990 original ( original ? haha) was not as good as we think we remember.At a time when the cinema needs to refresh itself and stop reworking old stale ideas..we get this ...utterly pointless.Bad screen writing here..less than 1 dimensional at best and the acting is pretty atrocious in all honesty. The first 5 minutes made me wonder if it was gonna be any good...I could not foresee a movie go downhill so quickly...the ending was so daft I could hear people saying "What"? in the theatre.Not even the addition of Keifer Sutherland could make this any less silly. Direction was lame and lazy...I get the idea they thought they were going to cash in..I also get the idea they are very much mistaken.Rush release on DVD I would think to cash in before people catch on how bad it is. The story is really , really silly with enough plot holes to take the wind out the story. Bad at best gave it a 3 because I'm in a good mood.
bad This movie is unrealistic trash. Two girls go out cage diving with whites. The cage and boat they are in are in no condition to be out on the water. Cage diving with sharks is a highly regulated activity. It's not run by a bunch of dirt poor mexicans with trash gear. White sharks aren't as aggressive as they make them look in this Hollywood crap movie. Terrible acting and screenplay. The director must have an IQ of around 70 to find this sort of film work acceptable.All this movie is doing is making stupid people afraid of the water, and hate sharks.
bad My overall feeling at the end of my viewing experience was that this was a good movie. It is not without its flaws, however.*Minor spoilers throughout this review*Why is this movie 229 minutes long? The establishing shots, the action/reaction shots, the 'oh so meaningful' facial close ups. We have a scene where a kid buys a cake to give to someone else, but then decides to eat it himself. That's great in itself, but do we really need to spend two minutes of screen time watching him eat it?The actors pull off some splendid work, but I can't see why the direction is so lauded. There is just SO much screen time used ineffectively. It almost seems that Leone felt a gangster film couldn't be taken seriously if it was less than three hours long, and he didn't want to leave anything to chance.The score is nice in parts, but gets repetitive. And don't even start on those ******g pan pipes!Throw in some gratuitous violent sex and things could start to get offensive. Watch it if you have time - you might like it.
bad Upon awakening, Donnie Darko (Jake Gyllenhaal) finds that he's been asleep in the middle of a secluded mountain road. It seems that Donnie regularly wanders out at night and sleeps in strange places. The night that he ends up on the neighborhood golf course, a stray jet engine crashes through Donnie's bedroom. He's saved by his odd behavior. Shortly after, we witness him hearing voices and having visions of an odd, evil-looking, bipedal, man-sized bunny. The voice begins giving him unusual suggestions, and Donnie slowly finds himself as the key player in a grand scheme.Donnie Darko is an unusual film. It spans a number of genres and leaves itself wide open to interpretation. Quite a cult of hardcore fans has developed around it, and for those folks, the film is essentially immune to criticism and reinterpretation.The biggest surprise to me was that the bulk of Donnie Darko is a realist drama. I had long heard about how strange the film was, and heard it described as being partially sci-fi (which it is) and horror (which it isn't if you ask me). It was supposedly a "reality-bender". I'm much more of a "genre" fan, and I much prefer fantasy, surrealism and absurdism to realism. My preconceptions were throwing me off of the film initially. The realist drama stuff seemed to drag on, and it made much of the film a hard sell. I loved the touches of weirdness, but they were too little, too far between--at least until I reached my personal interpretation of the film around the halfway mark.The film is also odd in that it's so retro. At one point I double-checked the DVD box, thinking that Donnie Darko had to be a late 1980s film. Nope, 2001. Then I started thinking that writer/director Richard Kelly must have had the script in storage for 15 years. But that can't be the case, either, as his bio says he was born in 1975, and it's unlikely that he would have written Donnie Darko when he was 10 or 11. The film is mired in late 1980s pop-culture references, style and music. Realizing that Kelly was born in 1975 still makes this weird. He says on the new DVD commentary that he was following the clichéd advice to write what you know, and he knew school in the late 1980s. He wouldn't have even entered high school until 1989, so it seems odd that he would only know school in the late 1980s. The retro feel of the film was a bit artificial to me, although I enjoyed the way the pop music was integrated.There were also some questionable performances for my tastes, including Drew Barrymore's, and some bizarre (but not bizarre enough) scenarios that I never quite figured out, such as why a gym teacher was showing motivational videos to a class sitting in desks.But most fans of Donnie Darko tend to overlook the minutiae, even though it takes up most of the screen time. The hinge tends to be on the overall arc and the meaning of the film. If minutiae are dwelt on, it's usually concerning the "Philosophy of Time Travel" book, or some bit of dialogue that is thought to be clever, such as the Smurf discussion. The theme of the film is often said to be something like "possibilities", and the film is routinely interpreted as having a messianic subtext, as well as often being interpreted more literally, as a kind of sci-fi story. After I watched the film and it didn't quite pay off as I had been hoping, I was anxious to listen to the commentary and watch the documentaries. Kelly seemed to intend more of the literal, sci-fi interpretation of the film. That was disappointing, because interpreted that way, the most fascinating thing to me is that Kelly believes it even approaches coherency. The Philosophy of Time Travel material, which is a core of this interpretation, is arbitrary sounding gobbledy gook. It has nothing to do with time travel, and even less to do with philosophy. It's more a naïve attempt at something like a parallel universe, ala the multiverse interpretation of quantum mechanics (which tends to be nonsensical anyway).To make matters worse, there is little attempt to integrate most of this material into the actual meat of the film--the sci-fi interpretation seems very "grafted on". Many of the actual scenes we witness aren't there to service the eventual interpretation of the film as a sci-fi story, but are there because it's some snippet of actual life that Kelly remembers or has thought about or had conversations similar to in the past, and he thinks it's clever or character developing. For me, this material was neither.But my personal interpretation of the film made much more sense to me, and under it, I enjoyed it more. To me, Donnie Darko is just a depiction of a kid with schizophrenia (and this is even explicitly suggested, although Kelly seems to be overlooking or not mentioning the interpretation). Even the smallest details of the film make sense in this context. Schizophrenics hear voices. They can have visual, tactile and other sensory hallucinations. Some have delusions of grandeur, such as messiah/superhero complexes. They often feel alienated. Donnie mopes around, mumbling, fairly expressionless much of the time and has periodic emotional outbursts. He acts out in anti-social ways. He goes into semi-catatonic states. Even the end of the film makes more sense under this interpretation, as it can be seen as an intentional delusion that Donnie has created due to the relationship-oriented tragedy. He's fantasizing about things being different than they turned out. To me, the film has much more depth under this interpretation.If you haven't seen Donnie Darko yet, you owe it to yourself to check it out. No matter your final verdict, it's an interesting, quirky film, and one that's sure to be talked about for a long time.
bad The Snowman is a disaster. It's not only a disaster, it's an unfathomable disaster. This film had absolutely everything going for it. I've not read the source material, that the film is based on, but it's being hailed as one the best books in its genre here in Norway. The director, Tomas Alfredson, has made some great films in the past and the cast is great. Yet the film is a complete mess.The film actually looks unfinished. It looks like they had a version ready to go, but then some of the countless number of producers stepped in and told them to redo the whole film. Only that it wasn't enough time for them to actually make the new version comprehensible. There are scene transitions that are shockingly bad. Scenes that arrives and ends out of nowhere. Scenes that are included into the film for some reason that no one knows. Scenes that serves absolutely no pay-off, and are sort of just there for being there's sake. If one then takes a look at the trailer to the film, one can clearly see that huge parts of the dialogue and that some of the scenes from the trailer have been cut out of the film. This tells me that there are huge chunks of material left in some editing room out there, that probably would have caused the film to feel a lot more comprehensible.It wastes no time on character development. These type of films requires that audience manages to get inside the lead characters head. We need to be a part of the investigation. We need to feel the frustration and hopelessness of the characters. There's quite simply no emotion here. There's nothing to hold on to, and nothing to make you invested. Michael Fassbender's character features a lot of traits that ought to make him an interesting protagonist, but none of it is explored. It's actually quite baffling to see how neglected it all is. The Snowman got a wide range of characters, but none of them serve any other purpose than to serve the plot. Some of them doesn't even feel needed for that sake. Val Kilmer is one of the most useless characters I've seen in quite some time. For some reason, he was even dubbed.The whole film is entirely built around the plot, and leading up to the revelation of who the snowman killer is. Unfortunately, the film does a poor job of building up the suspense. It's quite frankly boring in huge parts and the revelation is predictable. Aside from the lack of character development and invested emotion (which is very much needed in order to care for a story), the film does a poor job in showcasing the investigation. Too many of the characters are doing things just because. Too much of the film is happening just because. There's very rarely given any reason for why things are happening. The overall plot is easy enough to follow, but in terms of logic it becomes a confusing mess.The Snowman is a mess. It's hard to understand how they managed to mess it up so badly, but they sure did. Aside from some neat visuals and a decent (if slightly forgettable) score, there's not much to enjoy here.
bad I read all of the books because of how curious I was to see if the movies matched up. What I really enjoy in an adaptation movie is how it brings a story to life; Allegiant takes the story which was quite interesting, and throws the story line in pieces. The suspense and anticipation that I experienced with the previous two films and stories is not the same as with Allegiant. Besides the story line taking a tangent from its original story, the revised story line is bland and predictable. I do not have high expectations for the sequel if they continue to deviate from the original story so drastically. I really hope that I will be proved wrong, but I am thoroughly disappointed.
bad I'm not sure how to start this review so I'll just get right into it: This movie isn't good. It makes no sense. There is no room to get immersed in this world because there is no story to relate to. It's all just stuff happening; fluff. Beautiful, well made fluff mind you, but at its core this movie is a steaming hot mess.Here's the plot from what I gathered: Mila Kunis is suddenly the majesty of the Earth and has to protect it from a bunch of rich douchebags that live in Jupiter's atmosphere who want to use it for harvesting grounds or something. It's a dumb plot, and every scene that tries to move the plot forward is a scene wasted. The only interesting parts of this movie are the visuals and Channing Tatum's character, but even he is given absolutely no character development. He's just a badass space agent, or something. I don't even remember.The characters end up the same way they began - there was no journey to redemption or revelation for anyone. It was just do this, do that, stop this, go home, the end. And they try to include multiple stories, like Mila Kunis' relationship with her family (boooring); Caine (Tatum) and Stinger's (Sean Bean) history (wholly underdeveloped), the whole villain arc...The villains in this movie are spoiled brats. Seriously. They're not scary, they're not intimidating, there was no point in the movie where I was like "oh man sh*t is about to go down"; there was just no intrigue. Their motives were all over the place. It's not worth trying to piece together every plot point they throw into the movie because it will just lead to confusion and disappointment, and eventually frustration when you realize how much potential was wasted in creating this massive universe. The lizards looked really cool. Why not have more of them? Oh we're just going to focus on the playboy brat now, okay.I really wanted to care about this universe. It has a Star Wars vibe in parts, like the "royal" wedding scene and the space battles, but there were no good characters to experience this adventure with. You're just watching things happen with no consequences, or at least none you cared about.The acting was fine in this movie. Channing Tatum and Sean Bean in particular gave great performances, and Eddie Redmayne as the primary antagonist was decent as well. Yeah, he's an Academy Award winner, and as much as I hate to say it I have not seen The Theory of Everything yet but I loved him in Les Mis so I was really hoping he would save this movie. Unfortunately the material he's given is absolute garbage, so in an effort to make the character stand out, Redmayne give him a weird, eerie, whisper voice that was akin to a hundred year old man trying to force words out from the back of his throat. But hey, I think it worked. The guy is completely unlikeable so might as well give him a unique trait to remember him by. Good on Mr. Redmayne because he succeeded. The only things I will remember about this movie are the cool visuals, the wasted potential, and his creepy voice.Don't see this movie. Unless you want to see some really great CGI for a couple hours, which can be found in much better places by the way, you won't find anything worth salvaging from Jupiter Ascending. It was a nice effort but ultimately a swing and a miss.
bad At the weekend I took my Nephew to see "Speed Racer". My Nephew is 12 years old. Midway through the film I leaned over to him and whispered, "What do you think?" and this is what he said to me."It's rubbish, man!"My Nephew was right as well. "Speed Racer" is very rubbish.I will admit that "Speed Racer" looks absolutely fabulous. It shows us a big, bright, day glow universe. A multi-coloured extrapolation of how somebody living in the 1950's would think that a car racing obsessed future would look like. Breathtaking production design.However... Other than the great visuals, "Speed Racer" is possibly the emptiest, shallowest, dullest movie experience I have had in a cinema, since my misfortune in shelling out a couple of quid to see "The Matrix" sequels. Very long and very boring. (Sorry guys, but a 2 hours and 15 minutes running time for a film aimed ostensibly at small children is way too much). "Speed Racer" is all glittering surface without a decent script underpinning it.Sigh... I know it's dull, but let's repeat the mantra once again, shall we?Special effects alone do not a good movie make.Personally I felt sorry for the cast in getting involved in such a clunker. Emile Hirsch had good notices in "Into The Wild" (I missed that one), and I thought he was funny in "The Girl Next Door", but here he is a personality vacuum and wears one expression of mild bemusement throughout the entire movie. Fine performers like Christina Ricci, John Goodman and Susan Sarandon are totally wasted. Lastly, the less said about Paulie Litt as Speed's irritating younger brother the better, and let's not mention the comedy chimp at all. Life is too short. (Whoops! Just did.)A bad misfire, then, but in recent times I have learnt to expect nothing much from the Wachowski's. "The Matrix" had it's moments (the first DVD I ever had, fact fans), but the best movie they were ever involved in was the lesbian film noir "Bound" and that was released way back in 1996. I would love the Wachowski's to do something as good again, but I doubt that they will. They have discovered the paintbox of digital special effects and, as long as those films continue to make money, I doubt they will ever want to close the lid on the paintbox.
bad Another weekend, another movie and tonight Robbie's Reviews is hitting the comedic flick of the week with a few of his family members and friends. In a made for television name, tonight's film promises the possibility of some scenes that are going to be funny, but probably cringe worthy at the inappropriate scenarios at hand. As usual though, I'm happy to share my thoughts on the subject matter. So enough chatter, time to review: Title: BlockersDirector: Kay CannonWriters: Brian Kehoe, Jim KehoeStars: Leslie Mann, John Cena, Ramona Young LIKES:-Pace: Many comedy movies have issues with pacing, often falling to the extremes and spoiling the atmosphere of the movie. Blockers manages to keep much of the movie nicely balanced, spending enough time to deliver laughs, but escape drawing it out for too long to grow stale. The story continues to move, keeping the movie fun and manages to avoid dragging. -Story/Layout: Cannon's direction finally returns to the quality I have longed for since Pitch Perfect. Breaking from the series, this directors was able to lay a nice story down as the foundation, anchoring the comedy to a relevant point and thereby maximizing the laughs. Too balance the chaos though, the movie actually drops some character development into the mix, helping evolve the characters from simplistic idiots with extreme flaws and have you like them in the end. Then to throw some morals into the mix, some of which have some class and heart to them, to help pull you into this...adventure in parenting. -Dynamic Comedy: A comedy has to have pizazz, remain engaging, and often take a few turns to really remain entertaining to me. Blockers, despite all the wrong moments, managed to accomplish this for the audience and me chuckling/laughing through much of the movie. This movie pulls no punches, spreading the humor amongst the genres of sexual promiscuity, slapstick humor, comedic banter, college antics, the awkwardness of sex, and surprisingly a lot of popular culture references. With the writing keeping all these antics adequately mixed and pertinent to the story, they delivered a very fun film to deliver on the promise of laughs, laughs, laughs. -John Cena: For this reviewer, the real champion of this film was the wrestling legend himself. Cena accomplished so much in this film in the way of comedy, managing to take the over-the-top writing of a naïve, overprotective parent and make it more humorous than annoying. His delivery has that tone that adds that necessary factor to maximize laughs, and seeing his facial expressions as he continues to fall into the strangest traditions only helps to leave you chuckling so hard you might drown out the speakers. Dislikes: -Lazy Writing: While much of the writing is well done, filled with wit and pizazz, the one element that fails is the language aspect. While cursing may not be as annoying to other fans, having some of the words aimlessly thrown around just isn't my cup of tea. It's lazy to throw in cursing as much of the sentence fillers and Blockers fails this challenge at times. -Banter Comedy/Annoying Moments: Banter comedy is a mixed bag of tricks for me, but seldom has a movie found banter to make me laugh. Blockers had a few moments, but there are times where the banter is drawn out too long to remain entertaining. Even more so, some of the banter lacked that comedic magic the rest of the film had, resorting to mundane arguing that dragged on a little to long for me, adding unnecessary length. -Inappropriate Moments: Rated R movies continue to push the envelope for what can be on screen, and Blockers shows plenty of private areas in situations I never want to see again. Still, this film is all about strapping on a pair and getting ready to see things that twenty years ago would never land in a theater showing, some of which make Fifty Shades scenes look like child's play. While not the worst I've seen, there were plenty of uncomfortable moments that weren't so humorous as disgusting to me. -Some Story Flops: Past the comedic portion though, the only other major dislike I had was some of the story choices they made. There are a lot of moving elements in this movie, and unfortunately the writing/directing dropped some major plot points. Ike Barinholtz's character's story elements take the biggest hits of the bunch, elements that merely tease at a deeper/richer tale that could be relevant to many. In addition, there are some other components that are somewhat forced into the mix, most of these being gross stereotypes of American lifestyle that are semi-entertaining, but nothing more than a visual representation of how superficial we can be. There were even a few characters not needed for this film, so that more annoying moments could sneak in (I'm looking at you wife of Ike). The VERDICT:  Blockers is by far one of the better comedies to move back into theaters for the longest time. While not the wittiest tale to grace the theaters, it does accomplish a lot of over the top moments to bring laugh after laughs, thanks again John Cena. Even better, is the story to keep this dynamic comedy moving, with a pace that is incredibly structured to maximize everything they wished to bring this. Yet, the movie still suffers from lazy writing at times, going down lackluster dialogue, overdone banter, predictable plot lines, and some incidents that cross way over the line. Still, the movie accomplishes the goals of superficial laughs and a cute, weird tale earning it some bonus points. Worth a trip to the theater? Would say no, but it really works for a group movie so can be good to visit in this case, otherwise, stay home for this film. My scores are: Comedy: 8.0Movie Overall: 6.5-7.0
bad Somewhere on IMDb there is a discussion about the greatest director of all times (Spielberg, Copolla and others are named there). The greatest argument was around Spielberg and whether he is or isn't a great director. The problem with Spielberg is that while he is a master technician, most of his films lack depth.Saving Ryan is really outstanding from a technical point of view, but its message is dull and while its very entertaining, it doesn't make you think about anything. AN is the best movie I ever saw because it combines great shooting with a deep philosophical perspective on so many things, starting from war in general, the clash of civilizations, the condition of soldier in wartimes (is a soldier a hero or an assassin? Brando says he is neither, the french lady says he is both ...) and many others. The problem with some people is that they try to argue about whether these points are true or false. But a great movie, and a great piece of art in general is supposed to spark arguments, not to solve them ... Maybe Coppola is right, or maybe he isn't, nobody holds the truth anyway. You can watch this movie for its outer beauty, amazing scenes, great acting and memorable quotes and you will be entirely satisfied. But what really make this movie a masterpiece is its inner quality. You can't help but make a comparison with the recent Fahrenheit documentary.Both Copolla and Moore tackle similar issues, but while Copolla presents matters from an outside , objective point of view, Moore takes a very partisan position that really compromises the whole point of a documentary ... It is really a shame that a film like Fahrenheit 9/11 won a prestigious award like Cannes. But anyway, if you want to start to understand a little of the Vietnam war, the Iraq war, the second World War and any war in general, you should definitely see this movie, and not the other one ...
bad A combination of several parallel fairy tales, based on the book by Giambattista Basile. We have the story of the King and Queen of Longtrellis, the mission they must undertake in order to have a child, and then the adventures of the child in later life. There's the King of Highhills and his pet flea, plus his plan to find a husband for his daughter. We also have the King of Strongcliff and how his wandering eye leads to his involvement with a woman that he later regrets.Started interestingly enough - the sea monster quest was intriguing and entertaining. That's as long as the entertainment and engagement lasted, however. Having several stories told in parallel, skipping between one and the next, doesn't help the engagement. Moreover, the stories are pretty silly and pointless. As each one was drawing to a close I was expecting a profound upshot, but nothing ever came. Each was just one linear, rambling story with no point at the end. Even more disappointing in that I could see potential for a great profundity or emotional twist in each of them, but these never materialised.Avoid.
bad This is one of those movies you watch when there's nothing else to see. It's been (over)done many times before. The acting was better than expected, even for Bruce Willis who's been questionable in his past roles. The directing was the major issue here. This film lacked direction to the actors - it felt as if they were on their own in some scenes and in others the dialogue and action could have been better portrayed. Part of that was also the camera operator direction, again the directors job. The writing also had some plot issues and the editing could have been tighter. Never mind the lousy score throughout the film. 6.5/10 rounded up to a 7 for B-list actors doing a better than expected job.
bad There's a scene in The House Bunny where a key character inquires as to whether Shelley is, in fact, "that dumb." One of her fellow sorority sisters immediately stands up and says, indignantly, "She's not dumb!" This is an important scene, and my immediate assumption was that we, the audience, were meant to shake our fists at the screen and say, "Yeah!" But then I remembered that for well over an hour by then, the movie had been scrambling frantically to get us to laugh at how genuinely and spectacularly dumb she is.This is a contradiction that permeates the entire movie, with strange results. When I saw that scene, I was immediately relieved that I had found the movie up to that point so completely unamusing, otherwise I would have felt guilty for laughing at this girl, who, I understand, is "not dumb."So, in order to flaunt my superiority, I turned around in my chair and shook my fist at the drunk, cackling teenagers at the back of the theater and yelled, "Yeah! She's not dumb! See? You little punks!" Strangely, this only brought more laughter.The House Bunny, by the way, is PG-13, which should cause the majority of the male audience to lose interest entirely and confuse anyone over 17 as to why anyone would find such a movie interesting. The story is centered around the life of a Playboy bunny who is ousted from the Playboy mansion. Playboy's founder himself, Hugh Hefner, plays a sizable supporting role. Would one be out of line to expect a little gratuitous nudity? In this case, yes, because this is a soft porn movie for kids age 13 and up. Nice.The story is basically Legally Blonde in a sorority house, so it's obvious that the movie's message must have something to do with superficiality and obsessions over appearance and other such nonsense.Shelly, played by Anna Faris, is booted out of the Playboy mansion and finds herself homeless, so she decides to shack up with a sorority of uncool girls and teach them how to turn themselves into male fantasies.It's sad that the movie fails so completely because there is so much potential there, but, unfortunately, they just don't know where to stop with the cartoonishly overblown outcasts. These are not your typical college nerds, these are girls that don't know better than to walk up to some guys in a bar and say, "Hey, where's the crapper? I gotta drop off some timber."Timber!!!I feel like, in order for the comedy in a movie like this to be successful, we need to be able to point to a few characters and say, "Hey I know someone like that!" Not in this movie. You don't know anyone like anyone in this movie. But you have, however, seen people like the people in this movie.Remember that goofy teen comedy She's All That? One of the cool kids takes a bet that he can take the ugliest, most uncool girl in school and turn her into the prom queen. So we meet little Laney Boggs, the weird art student always covered in paint and unable to get a date to save her life. Zach, the cool guy choosing to accept the mission impossible, has his work cut out for him. But  surprise!  she takes off her glasses and combs her hair and she's hot! What a relief that the transformation was so easy!When we meet the girls of Zeta Alpha Zeta, they are genuinely frightening social outcasts. Bitter, confused by social interaction, and more clueless about fashion than your average homeless person, they are quite a spectacle to behold.But, surprise! Wouldn't you know it? With the addition of the right, ahem, outfits, a little hip hop bumping in the background, and just the right amount of slow motion, they're all crazy hot! Who would have guessed?Interestingly, it isn't until the very, very end of the film that you will truly realize how purely and incredibly meaningless it is. The movie is about Shelley's efforts to turn a group of social outcasts into frat party favors, but then it tries to feed us this message about not worrying about what other people think and just being yourself. What the hell?Beginning with the story about a Playboy bunny that just happens to be rated PG-13, everything in the movie cancels out everything else. There's a scene at the end that is meant to tie everything together and make it all make sense, but it is one of the biggest forehead slappers I've seen in recent memory.I've noticed lately, particularly with movies like Pineapple Express and Tropic Thunder, that there are a lot of new things being done in the comedy world. The House Bunny is unsurprisingly unaware of these new ideas and experiments and is merely feeding us the same childish tripe we've seen countless times before. One can only hope that, since they are now resorting to a PG-13 Playboy theme, they must surely be running out of ideas.
bad David Fincher is terrific with his camera. Visually his films are a wonder. Unfortunately the contents are so thin that the interiors of his tale vanish very quickly. What remains is "the look" and the promise, no matter how unfulfilled the promise remains. Edward Norton is sensational, especially in the first 20 minutes of the movie. Brad Pitt, already a film icon, does his thing, and that, of course, is a plus. Helena Bonham Carter surprised me big time with a facade I had never seen. The slow motion of the smoke coming out of her mouth as Fincher introduces her to us is a work of art in itself but, and that "but" is a real problem, nothing remains because deep down there is nothing there but a fantastic eye for and to startle and amaze. I'm sure that sooner or later David Fincher will come out with something that is as powerful inside as it is outside.
bad I must confess I was expecting way more of this "horror" film. It started off quite well (hence the 4 rating) but after the first 30 minutes went downhill. No questions were answered, you are left with a large list of plot holes and an ending that couldn't be more predictable and boring.Don't get me wrong, it isn't the worst "horror" film I ever saw but is avoidable especially if you like HORROR.I'm still waiting for what comes at night.
bad There's a lot of discussion on here as to whether this film constitutes a horror film or something more akin to a psychological drama.As a horror film, I didn't find the film scary, and as a psychological drama, not particularly fresh in what it was presenting. I consider 'The Road' as a much, much stronger example of a film that blends horror and psychological drama - in exploring the limits of humanity & family in an apocalyptic setting.It's nonetheless a well-made film with fine performances, but I came into the film expecting...something great, which it wasn't. That's hype for you.
bad I used to be a regular viewer of 7th Heaven, but after a while there were so many convoluted subplots that I just had to give up. The main family itself is huge, but when you add about 15 side characters the relationships become a bit too hard to follow. Also, I really got tired of how every episode became some political preaching about the latest controversy or hot button issue. In one episode, Ruthie writes letters to a U.S. soldier who is stationed in Afghanistan. Then she gets all worried when the guy stops writing back, and the preacher father ends the episode by reciting a sermon about America's heroes. Now, I'm all for being patriotic and all that jazz, but that entire episode seemed to be written in about five minutes and tacked onto the season just so the staff could win an Emmy. I'm willing to bet money that the writers just open up the paper to the Opinion section, close their eyes, point at a random story, and then write a script based on the issue. Going back to how complicated the show has gotten, I'd just like to note that it is very frustrating when the characters have boyfriends and girlfriends so many times in a season that you have no idea what's even happening any more. Seriously, you can skip one episode and someone will be married/divorced/pregnant/in a coma the next week. Talk about drastically changing plot lines! Now I'd like to talk about the most unintentionally hilarious episode, AKA the one that discussed the issue of marijuana. I could not believe how politically charged this one episode was, and my jaw was literally on the floor at how exaggerated the story was presented. Basically, the dad discovers a joint in the laundry (correct me if I'm wrong), and instantly starts eyeballing every one of his children. He becomes so paranoid and mistrusting that it's ridiculous. When he sees that Matt is eating more than two or three cookies, the camera zooms in on his sweaty, worried face. Why, Matt must have (gasp!) THE MUNCHIES! Dun, dun, DUN! Then one of the girls is acting tired. Why, she must be (gasp) HIGH! Dun, dun, DUN!! I mean, come ON! He even suspects Ruthie, who was probably 6-years-old at the time. Talk about overreacting. So anyway, the dad drags his wife into the bedroom and they discuss who might have brought the joint home. "Did you see Matt wolfing down those cookies? That's a sure-fire sign of (gasp!) THE MUNCHIES!" the dad whispers, afraid that his Christian neighbors will hear him. We then learn that the wife smoked some pot in college, and the dad literally freaks out. He comes this close to disowning his wife because she hit a couple of doobies when she was younger. Yes, God forbid someone does drugs when they're in college. I say, anyone who smokes weed is evil. EVIL, ya hear me?! So the dad puts the joint in his dresser drawer for safe keeping, and minutes later one of his daughters finds it while looking for something to wear. GASP! She thinks her parents are smoking the wacky weed! Ah, the wackiness that comes with family sitcoms. The show draws to a close when it is discovered that Matt had the joint, which leads to him running off somewhere. The mom and dad search the town only to find that he is praying in church. That's right, he's praying to God and spilling his guts about how he was just "holding" the joint for a friend. Uh, RIGHT. The credits roll after the mom and dad embrace their tearful son, a lesson learned by all. In short, GAG ME. Other issues discussed by Seventh Heaven include: listening to rap music is BAD, having sex is BAD, etc. Sheesh, whatever happened to just running a regular episode? Does every single show have to bery Very Special? Blech. I say this show be canned before the writers create an episode where Simon learns about the evils of homosexuality via a sinister uncle character. 0/4 stars
bad In the bonus track of the DVD of "The Book of Henry," the director Colin Trevorrow described how the narrative was "breaking all the rules of screen writing." Indeed, it broke the rules so badly that the results were disastrous to the degree that this may be a new low in Hollywood filmmaking.The broken rules led to a movie with that was split in half. The first part tells the story of an eleven-year-old kid who is a genius. He is so far advanced both intellectually and emotionally that he manages the tawdry and troubled life of his mother, plus attempts an intervention with the girl next door who is apparently being abused by her stepfather. This strand of the story stretches credibility beyond belief, especially in the family dynamic of the single mom, a waitress and wannabe writer of children's stories, and the two little boys. It doesn't help that the girl next door, who is a schoolmate in the same class as Henry, looks at least five years older than the little genius.But nothing can prepare the viewer for the ridiculous second half of the film, wherein the narrative takes a turn towards a mystery-suspense story. The child prodigy is killed off by cancer, yet leaves detailed instructions for his mother on how to kill the next door neighbor by committing the perfect crime. This far-fetched and stupid screenplay was an abomination.In the cast interviews section on the DVD, actress Naomi Watts described her character's co-dependent relationship with little Henry by using fractured English grammar: "He grows her up," says Watts, and this takes the form of little Henry managing the affairs of his incompetent mom and caring for his little brother in the absence of a responsible parent. Watts' character, Susan Carpenter, whiles away her life with video games, cavorting with her lazy, alcoholic co-worker, and preparing a meal that is comprised exclusively of desserts. The film makes no mention of the father of the two little boys. Of course, it doesn't, as it breaks all of the rules of screen writing.The filmmakers were obviously unaware that Susan Carpenter's behavior was so appalling that she was just as culpable of child abuse as Mr. Sickleman next door. Not only does Susan's character get a free pass, but she is even awarded custody of a new child by the end of the film. Trapped in a perpetual infantile state, Susan is incapable of functioning in an adult world. One has to feel sorry for the kind doctor who was attracted to Susan. Little does he know what lies ahead for him in that relationship, especially when she gets going in the kitchen.The screenplay is also filled with one-liners that not only lack credibility, but lapse into comedy. Susan tells her younger son prior to the school talent show, "Don't panic, stay calm, and remember your Lamaze breathing." The producers appearing on the bonus track of the DVD tried to hype the film as a study of good versus evil and the triumph of the "human spirit." But it was a triumph of the human spirit for the audience members to get through this stinker without resorting to Lamaze breathing techniques in response to a sleazy and jaw-droppingly bad piece of cinema.
bad The first movie wasn't great by any stretch of the imagination but this movie was a disaster and I'm shocked how it even received the go ahead to be released.The story is weak, drawn out and boring , at no point was I excited or even interested throughout the movie , I just wanted it to end.Another poor performance by depp, who seems to just cash in whenever he can in poor movies with the same performances. He's so annoying in this movie , and this stupid way he talks and the way he moves his mouth is just annoying. He is annoying and so is his character. Depp isn't the only one though, the acting by every character is poor , Bonham Carter with the same annoying voice and movement she does in pretty much every film she's in, Hathaway just looks lost through the whole movie , no expression what so ever , a blow up doll could have played her character.It's really really bad , don't waste your time watching this stuff .
bad This was a horrible movie. i felt dirty and slimy after watching it. anyone who thinks this movie is well-made is an idiot. many plot-holes, acting sucks, main character is despicable and you hope he dies at the end, no redeeming qualities for this character. disgusting sex scenes between fathers and daughters. it seemed like some goth, sex and violence-obsessed teenage boy wrote and directed this movie. F! the only good part was the cute little pet mouse in about 30 seconds of the movie. at one point, Spike lee has his characters allude to the revenge of the classic tale Count of Monte Cristo and its protagonist Edmond Dantes... at that point, i wished I were watching Count of Monte Cristo instead. If you want a tale of murder, seduction, revenge, battles, and a mysterious plot, don't watch this movie. watch monte cristo instead. Oldboy sucked. not a good movie at all.
bad To sum up this movie in the least time possible, One would be better off lighting a candle and watching it burn until it's gone. Magnolia Matt paint drying on a wall is far more entertaining than this movie. however they managed to get all these people to finish making it is beyond me. Don't waste your time. Adam sandler and the rest of them seem to be sleepwalking through this movie, We managed 40 minutes of it until we looked at each other wondering why we were wasting a perfectly good evening watching this rubbish. My only advice is to avoid at all costs unless your idea of a good evening is watching paint dry. No plot No comedy. no nothing really.
bad I went in to the movie expecting to be entertained, and I wasn't disappointed. Dramatic, with a little humor, a perfect combination. I loved the plot twists, and was sad that the inevitable happened. I loved the character Kyle, and I think many of the movie's audience are going to be sympathetic to him, given the state of the economy since 2008 (I know it's getting better, but it's been a slow recovery.) I loved Kyle's girl friend's response to the situation he was in, and it wasn't at all what I expected, but was filled with honesty and emotion. Julia Roberts and George Clooney were both very good. I also liked seeing all the character actors that I've enjoyed on television shows (Breaking Bad, Blue Bloods to name two) as part of the police department officers. I was a little disappointed that the character Camby didn't get more of a punishment for what he did (which of course is just like the banks and mortgage companies getting away with what they did). Showing the people who were watching the live hostage situation from all over the world was a great addition, and of course returning to the Foosball game was exactly what would happen. Very entertaining movie, fun for a weekend afternoon. I think both George Clooney and Jack O'Connell should both at least get Oscar nominations.
bad 'FIFTY SHADES FREED': Zero Stars (Out of Five)The third installment in the blockbuster erotic romantic thriller series, based on the three hit books (beginning with 'Fifty Shade of Grey') by E.L. James. In this chapter Ana and Christian are finally getting used to a more stable relationship together, although it's still really kinky and abusive, when a stalker from Ana's past continues to ruin their happiness. The film was directed by James Foley and written by Niall Leonard (the same duo also performed both duties on the last sequel), and Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan once again reprise their starring roles (for the third time). The movie also costars Eric Johnson, Max Martini, Brant Daugherty, Eloise Mumford, Rita Ora and Luke Grimes. It's received almost unanimously negative reviews from critics once again (like the others), but it is expected to be another hit at the Box Office though (like the others). I once again hated it.Ana (Dakota Johnson) and Christian (Jamie Dornan) are married, and finally starting to live a happy life together. Christian can't relax though, as he's constantly worried about Ana's safety. Especially when the couple realizes that Ana's ex-boss, Jack Hyde (Eric Johnson), who also sexually assaulted her, is out of prison and stalking her. Christian does everything he can to try to keep Ana safe, including commanding her on where and when she has to be somewhere, but Ana wants her freedom, and doesn't listen. The couple's new happiness is of course soon jeopardized because of this.  I've hated this series from the beginning, because it makes a hero out of a #MeToo culprit (Christian Grey), and romanticizes stalking and sexual harassment. These are both things that the Christian character is guilty of doing to Ana, in the first two installments of the franchise. In this one his abuse towards her is at least seemingly consensual, but it still seems like the wrong message to send viewers (and readers of the novels). So I've always had a problem with the morality of supporting these films and books, and I don't understand why any intelligent moral person would. I've only continued to see each movie so that I can review them; in order to speak my feelings on this subject, and it's also just a lot more fun to review a bad film than a good one. This one is a really bad movie as well, and it's even worse than the first two installments. It seems like just a series of random pointless scenes strung together, by the weakest example of a plot that I've seen in a film in quite some time, just so they can give the viewer lots of erotic excessive sex scenes (as well as lots of pointless nudity). The movie really just feels like a well produced porno, but of course it's a heavy R-rated version of one (rather than X-rated).
bad Sorry, but I can't get how ANYONE can say they like this show. I'm not expecting Richard Dean Anderson or anything, but the only thing the show is about is the 'cliche's of MacGyver, not the actual story, Opening Gambit or challenge of the week. Yes, the original MacGyver has voice overs, short voice overs explaining either why he was doing something or where he was to set the stage. It seems over half of the episode is voice over though.Also the updating it of him being a 'ladies' man so destroys the whole personality of him. He was a ladies man in the original and has girls falling over him not because he was smoking hot and buff (as he is in this) but rather because he was a genuinely good guy. He was an intelligent, modest individual that felt anything could be overcome if one just put some thought into it, and dealt with people with genuine fore thought instead of acting like a bull in a chine closet (see the original's 'Trumbo's World' episode for a perfect example). This MacGyver is a loud mouthed 'bro' vs a soft spoken man with charisma who approaches things with an open mind.But basically they took all the ancillary parts of the original series and made the new series all about those while throwing out everything that made the original so charming. Instead of it being about story development and slowly learning more and more about the main character it is in your face constant bludgeoning over the head of how smart he is and how he is the most awesome dude ever. Neither of which are MacGyver traits.All in all don't waste your time. The acting is horrible, the writing is horrible, and the show runners have no idea what made MacGyver episodes so great. You'll just wish you had that part of your life back.
bad God, what a beautiful, visually stunning, stuttering mess. I haven't seen a movie this gorgeously mediocre in a long time, and I've seen every major release this year. I don't even know where to begin, sweet Christ Almighty. Alright, first of all, this movie looks freaking amazing, like jaw- droppingly amazing. Imagine the most attractive person you've ever seen, multiply that by ten, and that's what every frame, every shot, and every scene of this movie looks like; when the movie started I literally said out loud "this is why I love movies!" and then as the film went on I proceeded to moan audibly, worrying my parents, as my eyes lapped up the visuals. If Nicolas Winding Refn watched this movie, I have no doubt he probably climaxed numerous times because "A Cure for Wellness" looks this good; it's an eyeball stimulating movie, I'll tell you that much. Seriously, it felt like me eyes were making gentle love to the screen while watching this film, and I haven't had a good eye ******* in a long time. That's about where my praise for this movie ends. You see, some people have praised this movie for being original, and I disagree completely. Yes, this movie is weird af, it's very bizarre but at the same time it's a story we've seen done, and done better, numerous times before. I will not spoil anything about the plot, but let's just say what starts off intriguing gradually turns into a ridiculous, and I mean RIDICULOUS, farce. And the last 20 minutes? You won't believe how stupid this movie becomes. It's still gorgeous, but it's so stupid, almost as if the studio was like "yeah we need a big fight scene, a villain, and a damsel in distress, Gore you can give us that, right?"The acting isn't much better. It's not awful by any means, but like the rest of the movie, it's just mediocre. Dane DeHaan, who I loved in "Chronicle" and "The Place Beyond the Pines" and "Lawless" gives an adequate but "ehh" performance here. In fact, the main reason I wanted to see this movie was because Dane DeHaan was in it, but I'm not sure if he was miscast or trying too hard or what because his performance was almost comedic. He's not bad by any means, he's just so average that it hurts, and we know that he can do better, which makes watching his acting all the more painful.On one level "A Cure for Wellness" is a movie that you will enjoy watching solely because of how visually stunning it is, but on another level you'll hate it because of how convoluted and ridiculous its plot it. If you want to spend 2 and a half hours feeling like someone is pleasuring your eyeballs, than by all means watch this movie because you definitely won't regret it, but just don't be alarmed when afterwards, when you're smoking a cigarette in bed, you end up feeling unfilled, disappointed, and a little bit shameful for spending your time with something that doesn't want to love you back, something that is gorgeous on the outside but boring on the inside.
bad Look, I'll give the show this: It's one of the less cringy Modern-Disney sitcoms on the air, but still not very good. I'm in the target audience for these shows, and I can honestly say, I don't like it. At all. The acting is bad, the characters are weak, the writing? Beyond lazy, and the action sequences are just poorly handled. But my BIGGEST problem with this show, is that it has the EXACT same plot line as one of Disney's greatest shows, Kim Possible. The only difference between this show and Kim is that it's live action with less suspense. Oh, yeah, and Kim Possible is actually GOOD. Bottom Line: I don't recommend it for any age, and I know others would agree. But hey, it's better than Bizzardvark and has a catchy theme...so...points there!
bad Just awful. Sandler is not even trying to act. The rest of the actors are are slighted with such a bad chemistry that it is painful to watch. The pacing, cutting, acting ... you name it is all bad.The plot couldn't be more further from reality or from values that would help us like these characters. Let's see: here is a plastic surgeon (sandler) who spent the last 20 years lying to women that he was married so that he could get them to bed.His assistant doesn't see anything wrong with that. To the contrary, she will allow her kids to be bribed and exploited so that this plastic surgeon can take his lies even further. Hey his assistant even agrees to pose as his wife in this scam.In addition his friend finds out about a trip to Hawaii so he dresses up like some funny accent yahoo and assume a role of his wife's boyfriend in order to hitch a ride to hawaii (all expenses paid by Sandler) In the meantime the woman that Sandler wants to convince that he is not a liar seems to be completely gullible (dumb) and doesn't have any suspicion about this.It just so happens that (surprise!) the assistant falls in love with Sandler and doesn't really care about him being a liar, womanizer ... whatever else. Basically every character is so thin and so removed from reality ...actually let me correct myself ... they are all very real characters to someone who personifies the negative Hollywood image. Someone who has no clue about real life, real people... someone who doesn't get that everything in these characters is flawed and therefore it will be unreasonable for them to be likable.It is all about the world of 14,000 per night suites, eating out and lying every step of the way. Add to this a complete lack of chemistry between the characters and you have a movie that I do not want to ever see again.
bad Sam Mendes' big screen directorial debut will one day be mentioned along with classic greats like Psycho, Vertigo, 2001 and Sunset Blvd., which it cleverly mimics in a certain way. That way, I won't ruin it, if like me, you stayed away from all reviews and talk about American Beauty until you actually saw the movie. To my surprise, I somewhat succeeded. The script, wonderfully written by Alan Ball, who like Mendes is doing his first try in this certain ball park, and hitting a home run. Sorry for the cheesy analogy, but I may talk like that through out this review because this is the kind of movie where words can do no justice and it's almost impossible to translate your feelings into words. A similar experience happened to me earlier this year with Stanley Kubrick's Eyes Wide Shut. But back to American Beauty."When You've Got Nothing To Lose, You Might As Well Risk Everything."~Tagline for this film.That is probably one of the most accurate taglines I've ever read in my life. Lester Burnham (Kevin Spacey, in what may be the best role of his career, which used to be Swimming With Sharks) is reaching his mid-fourties. Uh-oh, mid-life crisis time, he rarely ever talks to his daughter (Thora Birch) whose feelings for him, border on hate. He and his wife Carolyn, (Annette Benning, being able to make me forget about In Dreams) constantly bicker and the whole Burnham family quietly sit at the dinner table except for the occasional quibble about this or that, for instance ("Mom, why do we have to listen to this elevator music?") The new next door neighbors, the Fitts, move in one day. Colonel Fitts (Chris Cooper, giving one of the finest supporting character performances this year), is a hard-core Army officer. (Every six months, he makes his son Ricky take a urine test to make sure he's not on drugs.) His idea of fun is sitting in front of the t.v. at night with his wife (Allison Janney) watching shows of Army Cadets training. Ricky Fitts is a hopeless optimistic. He is what Dawson (from the Creek) wishes he could be. Ricky walks around everywhere with his hand held camcorder (while selling dope of the side) filming all the beauty in the world. ("Sometimes, there's so much beauty in the world that it overwhelms me and my heart feels like it's going to cave in). He finds a new subject to add to his beauty collection of film. Lester's daughter, Janey. At first she doesn't like his new interest in her and thinks he's weird, but as the film progresses, they get to know each other and she starts to understand Ricky, and instead of thinking he's weird, thinking he's special. Special in being able to find beauty in the most minor and trivial things you can think of. ("Would you like to see the most beautiful thing I've ever filmed?" That turns out to be a 15 minute shot of a plastic bag flying in the wind, right before it snows.) One night, Carolyn, in an effort to help Lester save his relationship with Janey, (although, it could be her trying to save her own relationship with her daughter) makes Lester go with her to a basketball game at Janey's high school, where she cheerleads. Lester meets Janey's best friend Angela (Mena Suvari, in an interesting turn from Choir Girl in American Pie). Angela sets something off inside Lester and wakes him up from his 20 year sleep and makes him start changing and living life to the fullest. ("I feel like I've been in a coma for the past 20 years and am just beginning to wake up). Although this is work of an ensemble cast, this is really Spacey's forum. The acting throughout this film is remarkable. Newcomer Wes Bently was excellent as the outcast Ricky, who came off as shy, yet confident. The cinematography in this film is majestically beautiful, in every frame, it's almost as if you're invited right into the scene. For instance, in one scene when Spacey came home from a cocktail party with Benning, he was in the refrigerator getting a root beer and out popped Suvari, I was so entranced into that scene, that I actually felt Spacey's startle when he saw her. This movie could be categorized as a drama, although throughout the movie, I had a smile on my face. I got to know these characters, almost as if, as friends. In a gossipy kind of way, I couldn't wait to see what happened next because this film was a look behind the scenes of real suburban life. These people portrayed, really do exist in the world. Somewhat like the people in Happiness, the people and what they do are just like things families you know do, or even your family does. The last scene of this film is amazing. Although it starts too early, way before it's ready to, it pays off at the end. With tensions building, and emotions rising, the inevitable climax will leave you breathless while making you wish it wouldn't happen and that somehow it would change. There is so much more to say about this movie, and so much left out, but I can't help it. Sam Mendes' American Beauty is an instant masterpiece, as Lester says in the movie, "You have no idea what i'm talking about, I'm sure. But don't worry..... You will someday." I believe those are words to live by for explaining the brilliance of this film even though critics and audiences love it now, it won't truly be appreciated until after it's time.
bad Just in case you didn't learn from the first 4000 holocaust films that the holocaust was really bad........Speilberg goes out on a limb and hits you over the head with the fact that the holocaust was really bad. He also did it in a very exploitative pandering manner...to the point of being grotesque. If you didn't learn from those 4001 holocaust films that the Nazis also exterminated gypsies, gays etc.... Well the Nazis wiped out a lot of other groups beside jews too. This sort of thing tows a very dangerous line...that it was more significant not that 6 million plus people were exterminated but that it was 6 million jews....according to the majority of these films and various holocaust memorials the gypsies and gays etc. do not count. Where are the numerous memorials documenting the genocide that happened in this country? (native americans...also numbering in the millions) That would make a historically relevant film. You think perhaps if native americans had a very powerful militaristic state that is subservient to u.s. power there would be more native american genocide memorials? Probably.  The fact that much of this comes from elite american jewish organizations reeks a bit of hypocrisy, since historically American jews haven't suffered at all at least compared to native and afro americans (and to even suggest to the contrary would be a joke). So how does this film function? One might conclude that it panders to American jews, exploiting guilt perhaps for their lack of sufficient suffering? If you are interested in actual holocaust history (one might be shocked that it has very little to do with american jews). I would suggest reading more serious, less pandering sources. 'the Seventh Million' by Tom Segev, an Israeli journalist, is very good...'the Holocaust Industry' by Norman Finkelstein is very good too. One might be shocked to find that the jews aren't one big group but a bunch of very diverse groups with radically varying histories etc.
bad I would say that liam's acting is at it's best as usual but and here comes the spoilers!if these criminal minds that pushed liam to do what he did! can kill an FBI agent on board and an old man -that was on board- in the streets because thay know that liam wrote something of an SOS for him in the newspaper he was reading.How come they couldn't kill the 16 years old witness girl!!guess there would be no movie then :)
bad The disease she has doesnt cause brain swelling, its a real disease they butchered. It causes an increase in cancer which may kill you.No one would busk on the street and automatically have dozens of people watching.
bad First, a disclaimer, this movie was definitely not marketed to my age group (34-45) so if this sort of brainlessness appeals to you, then enjoy the movie. Second, I did watch this on a day when the best movie playing in the theater was King Kong......I chose this one hoping that the genre would keep me intrigued.I am a huge advocate of character building, I have never thought a movie could have too much of it. Perhaps it was the stereotypical references, the juvenile behavior assumptions or perhaps the sheer idiocy of script writing for the protagonist's friends (or maybe the terd in the back of the theater lighting up a joint), but I found myself asking the question, when is she going to die already and get to the mysterious plot. Her day just drug on; I have a hard time appreciating regular brainless speech, but this was worse than normal. You don't need to mix in so much foul language and friendly groping/flashing to hold a viewer's attention....unless you are just purely untalented as a writer. I am sure there are teenagers who do behave that way somewhere out there, but the majority do not. I don't think I have ever in my life walked out on a movie (with the exception of bathroom emergencies) in my entire life; I have this OCD desire of wanting to know how things end, but frankly; this time I don't.
bad Besides the cinematography and music I completely hated Into The Wild. The following is a list that expresses this hatred toward the glorification of Chris Mccandless, a mentally unstable kid who runs away from home. Spoilers. 1. Chris teaches us that when you have problems at home, just run away. 2. Apparently he and his sister are the only kids to ever have to deal with fighting parents. 3. How could he just leave his sister? He obviously loved her and took care of her. But no, he leaves her there with his psycho parents. Never writes her or anything. 4. He was too scared to stand up to his father. He just ran and hid when his dad hit his mother. 5. He turned down a brand new car from his parents to keep a piece of crap. 6. "I don't need money." Umm lets see he needed money for a kayak. He worked for Vince Vaughn and Burger King for money so he could make it to Alaska. Just a little hypocritical there. 7. Apparently being a free-spirit makes you an expert kayaker. 8. Everyone he meets is the absolutely nicest person you could ever meet. 9. The male hippie's lines are laughably bad. 10. Male hippie tells Chris that he and female hippie are not doing good. Chris talks to male hippie for about 20 seconds and then goes swimming with female hippie. Male and female hippie go back to being completely in love. 11. The amount of times the word "Alaska" is uttered is just annoying. 12. Without the abandoned school bus he would have made it about a week. 13. Living in an abandoned school bus is not exactly living off the land, forgetting society. He slept on a friggin cot, had a place for a fire, and had sufficient shelter. 14. Man. Sitting there by yourself in an abandoned bus in the freezing cold. That's living man. Wow. 15. He thought he could make it in the Alaskan wilderness with no map. 16. His story is basically now a tale of what not to do with your life. 17. The only real thing he learned from his adventure is that "Happiness is only real when shared." Umm ya think? There's probably other ridiculous stuff from this movie that I forgot about. This movie makes this kid into some kind of hero when the only thing he accomplished was committing suicide.
bad To quote the great Terry Rossio:"There are many films with the goal 'to find your way home.' But there's only one film where a girl clicks together a pair of ruby slippers."What that basically means is that the goal of many stories is essentially the same. The 'find your way home' example is used in films such as E.T., The Wizard of Oz, and Back To The Future, just to name a few. Only one of those has ruby slippers. Only one has a bicycle fly past the moon. Only one has a time-traveling Delorean.The goal of 'criminals getting together to pull off the perfect heist' has been used is such films as The Killing, The Taking of Pelham One Two Three, and City on Fire...just to name a few. Only one had an un-chronological order to the events. Until Reservoir Dogs. Only one had the criminals use color-coded names to keep their identities anonymous. Until Reservoir Dogs. Only one had an undercover cop infiltrate a gang of crooks and befriend another crook, only to get shot during the process of the robbery, until he confesses the truth to his new friend. Until Reservoir Dogs.If you cannot see that this entire film is just a cut and paste job, then you have to be mentally impaired. And that is not an insult.As far as originality goes, Tarantino hasn't got to that point yet. The point where he creates something on his own. This is just a second hand, second rate cut and paste job that is only mildly entertaining on first viewing. Upon seeing the film subsequent times, it only gets worse, and it's (very many) flaws only stand out to an even more obvious extent. This is a bad movie even for someone who has never directed anything before in his life.The film starts with a discussion that might as well be about Jesus, pancake syrup, or the duties of the school crossing guard. None of these have anything to do with the story...much like the conversation we see before the opening credits roll. Which brings me to another discussion that takes place later on in the film...something about Lady E and a superglue incident. How is this any of our business? How does it advance the story? What do we get out of it besides a possible forced laugh of pity? It's not our business, it does not advance the story, and we get nothing out of that scene at all. You can literally remove it and be left with the same exact film, just without that scene. From the point before that scene started to after it finished, NOTHING HAS CHANGED AT ALL. It's complete filler. A total waste of time.This movie would have been pretty good without extraneous scenes floating around, popping up at random, and taking entirely too long to finish. The best example of this is the whole Tim Roth segment. It interrupts the flow of the story and it simply not fun to watch. It's a huge dead moment right before the climax of the movie and it's very easy to simply lose interest at that point. When the finale does come, it's more of a "good, it's over" point rather than any kind of realization. Tarantino couldn't even create a good third act when he literally just copied the third act from City on Fire, and in some cases...shot for shot! Resertvoir Dogs showed us nothing that we have not seen before...literally. The only positive thing about it is the cast, and that's even not so great. Most of the dialogue is just screaming and f-words being used like it's going out of style (and it has, thanks to films like this), and the "infamous" and "extreme" violence is about on par with The Lion King. So if you're thinking about watching this movie...just watch a good heist movie instead. I suggest:The Killing The Asphalt Jungle The Taking of Pelham One Two Three
bad Let me assure you that Date Night was markedly better than Carell's  latest big screen endeavor. The humor in this film is derived mainly  from misunderstandings that arise from the idiocy of Carell's  character, Barry. Paul Rudd's character, Tim, meets Barry and  henceforth nothing that he does goes according to plan. The two  continue to find themselves tangled in awkward situations that cause  problems for Tim. It may sound similar to the premise of the Meet the  Parents franchise but they are world's apart. Even if you disregard the  terribly shallow characters (Larry Wilmore's character is literally one  of the worst I have ever seen) and plot, you are still left with  situations that are based solely upon entirely unbelievable characters.  Some of Barry's quirks (such as the fact that he creates scenes with  taxidermic mice) are plausible and funny, but the go overboard in many  occasions and make his character a total dolt. Many of his actions do  not mesh with the rest of what we know about his character and he is  taken from tremendously socially awkward to complete and utter idiot,  which seemingly contradicts itself.  Furthermore, the writer appeared to be torn on whether one should feel  sorry for Barry and empathize with him or just find him totally  laughable. The dynamic between the two does not work well and makes for  a feel good ending that leaves you with a confused and dumbfounded  feeling. This is one of the worst comedies I have seen in recent memory  and certainly the worst work I have seen from Carell. As he transitions  away from The Office, hopefully this is not a sign of things to come  from Steve Carell's live action movie projects.
bad Based on the true story of Jordan Belfort (Leonardo DiCaprio), from his rise to a wealthy stockbroker living the high life to his fall involving crime, corruption and the federal government.As of now (February 2014), this film sits at an impressive #57 on IMDb's list of greatest films of all time. Using that as a jumping off point for this review, we will have to scale it back a bit. Whether the film should be on the list is debatable, but certainly not within the top 100 -- it is neither that good nor among director Martin Scorsese's best work.Along the same lines, the Oscar nomination for Best Picture is a bit much. While there is no denying it was probably among the ten best films of 2013, with some incredible acting and more than adequate cinematography and editing, the very fact it has no chance of winning makes one question why even nominate the film at all. (Of course, without nine nominees, we would be back to having the reasonable number of five...) Scorsese received a best director nomination, and this strikes me as more understandable. He managed to assemble an impressive cast and tell a story that is both compelling and entertaining, without trying to put some moral tag on it. Whether or not the viewer thinks this is a glorification or denouncement of the acts depicted is up to them, as the film itself is blank (in the best way).While on the subject, could the drug use and sexuality have been toned down? Absolutely. And there is a good argument that they should have been (especially the non-stop sex, which comes across as gratuitous and only adds more minutes to this lengthy financial epic). Another argument says the events are extremely unlikely and exaggerated at times. And this is probably also true; but the film is accurate to the memoir, not reality, and this is Belfort telling his story with all the embellishments that come with it. If you want just the facts, read the court transcripts.Leonardo DiCaprio is nominated for best actor, and this is a choice that is understandable and yet hard to rally behind. He truly becomes Belfort, and probably makes the man out to be even more wild than he was. That deserves a nomination. But this is not DiCaprio's best role (he has also done a fine job portraying Howard Hughes and J. Edgar Hoover) and not one he deserves the win for.Jonah Hill, on the other hand, was amazing and deserves to win his supporting actor category. Being up again Jared Leto, he probably has no chance, but Hill has come a long way in a few short years from a lovable doofus in "Superbad" to a formidable actor in his own right. At first, "Moneyball" seemed to be an anomaly in Hil's career, but he showed the world he could do even better when he became Donny Azoff in this picture. Incredible.Whether Terence Winter deserves Best Adapted Screenplay for this film is unclear without having read the book. Such a nomination seems fair, though the win is hard to say without more familiarity. I am surprised no nominations came for cinematography or editing, which are strong in their subtlety. But oh well.Of the film's five nominations, it may walk away with one win (Winter) or two at most (DiCaprio). More likely it will walk away empty-handed. The film is not flawless (we could go on about how awkward the soundtrack was) and may or may not go on to be memorable for much more than its nudity and pervasive cursing.
bad I get a bit tongue-tied talking about Hitchcock's greatest movies because they are just so remarkable, so astonishing, so entertaining, so multi-levelled, that it's very difficult to put into words what makes them great. Hitchcock made some of the greatest movies ever made, and 'Vertigo', though by no means his most accessible film, is quite possibly his crowning achievement. It is without any doubt a masterpiece, and I cannot fault it in any way. Every time I watch it I am knocked out, and every time I see something new, some nuance or moment that I appreciate more than I did the previous viewing. Jimmy Stewart, one of the most popular movie star in Hollywood history, gives a remarkable performance throughout, one of the best in his career. Stewart had worked with Hitchcock before, and had always been superb, especially in the much copied suspense classic 'Rear Window' a few years prior to this, but he plays against type in 'Vertigo' and is jaw-droppingly good. It's difficult to remember now that 'Vertigo' is regarded as a movie milestone, that it received many bad reviews when it was originally released, and was a relative failure for Hitchcock. A lot of this had to do with Stewart's intense performance I think, and also the difficult subject matter. 'Vertigo' is essentially a tale of sexual obsession, something most people were probably not expecting at the time! Almost as good as Stewart is Kim Novak ('The Man With The Golden Arm') in a role that she will always be remembered for. 'Vertigo' is a virtuoso piece from Hitchcock, and a movie that will no doubt continue to inspire other film makers over the years to come. However the most important thing about it is that it is still  wonderful viewing, and a movie experience that you will never forget. In my mind it is one of the three of four greatest American movies. Simply astonishing.
bad People seem to be reviewing this as if it is supposed to be an academy award winning drama. ITS NOT. It does what it says on the tin. a great simple , idiotic humoured movie the way Sander did in the old days.It's cheesy, stupid and has some real funny moments for those who know what happy Madison's are about. It does not deserve to be this badly rated.People reviewing seem to have no idea how to have fun and enjoy a movie anymore as this movie is great. If you'd like a simple, easy to watch, silly comedy with some really stellar idiotic moments then take a watch and enjoy.
bad Did we need another X-Men movie? In fact did we need another Wolverine movie? Well the result is there for all to see, with Logan not only showing itself to be undoubtedly the best Wolverine venture by far, but arguably the best X-Men picture as well. If, as expected (and surely to god it's hoped so), this is the last we see of the grumpy metal clawed superhero, then what a fitting and triumphant bow out it is.James Mangold, the director, has managed to create an adult superhero movie without it really being a superhero pic, for he has created a film noir Western that happens to be about a superhero. Mangold's love of noir and Westerns bursts from the screen, which for those who follow those wonderful stands of cinema, will come as no surprise having seen with notice his Copland and 3:10 To Yuma redux. There's a perpetual grimness to the narrative that belies the quite often stunning surrounding locales, heavy themes such as men out of time - with destinies written (cue a deft comic book movie within a comic book chunk of metaphysics) - surrogates, mental illness, human ignorance, and on it goes, the narrative strong on intelligence as much as it is in wrought emotion. Western fans will also be buoyed by the part that the 1953 classic Western Shane has to play in things, considerably so as its importance narratively, orally and visually is mightily strong.Logan's Run!Ah yes, well being "adult" is all well and good, but is Logan thrilling? Do we get pumped up Wolverine action, blood brains, splatter and mucho muscle flexing and pained roars of anger? Oh yes! Action from the off is never far away, and wonderfully staged and choreographed it is. Lots of memorable set-pieces, while also some cleverly constructed sequences such as Xavier's mind seizures hold court and enthral. Yet the kicker with all that is we are clued in to the emotional baggage that the side-burn sporting protag carries with him. With each fight we sense the bigger picture, even as we watch in awe the emergence of Laura (ironic film noir name right there as it happens) - and her part in this very "human" story - the thrills and spills are propelled by a meaningful but battered heart.Tech credits are superb. Acting honours go to Jackman, who after giving 17 years of his life to the character, gives it his all and this multi faceted performance, in a perfect world, deserves Oscar recognition. Patrick Stewart, also, is immense, playing the nonagenarian Charles Xavier with such class, gracefulness and storming emotion that one can only admire. Film debutante Dafne Keen as Laura is utterly engrossing, quite a debut indeed, whilst Stephen Merchant as albino mutant tracker Caliban is effective to the point we hanker for more. Although the villains fronted by Boyd Holbrook (rote henchman leader) and Richard E. Grant (smarmy scientist git) just about pass muster, there's nothing to damage the piece. Cinematography (John Mathieson) is "A" grade, the filters set on neo-noir, with the splendid film noir black and white version a fillip for the heart of noir lovers. All that is left is for the sound mix to boom and the director to steer with heart, brain and soul, without doubt both come up trumps.One of 2017s best films, a genre splicer that ticks all the boxes of great film making. 10/10
bad The last time, I felt like this, in a cinema, I was six years old and I was watching Star Wars. I never imagined, I would ever find that feeling again in a cinema. That sense of being transported to another world. The opening sequence took my breath away and I never got it back. Not even at the end - which left my head spinning. It is a beautiful film with soul, wit, charm, style and love. It is simply outrageous! Bold and fantastic and fantastical. I am a straight man but my love for Ryan Gosling could change all that. He's a melancholy genius and Emma Stone is our muse. This film defies genre. It is a masterpiece. I urge you to see it. I was lucky enough to see it at the BFI London Film Festvial. It has been five days since I saw La La Land and I am still thinking about it and singing the haunting refrain that plays with your soul. I mean it gets in there - that music - the music of the firmament. Flying still, dreaming still... thank you Damien.
bad This is honestly a trash movie by Netflix, there's no point or a story and they should stop casting 28 years old actors as high school students ... come on!
bad "Un beau soleil intérieur" or "Let the Sun Shine In" or "Bright Sunshine In" or "Dark Glasses" is a French/Belgian co-production in the French language released this year in 2017 and it is the newest work by experienced writer and director Claire Denis. The film runs for slightly over 90 minutes and this also includes closing credits as they interestingly enough were displayed already during the final scene. But we will get to that later. The heart and soul of the film is French Oscar-winning actress Jukliette Binoche, in her 50s now already, but still pretty stunning. The entire film is basically about encounters she has with men, most of them sexual, except the one guy talking to her at the fish shop, the needy one. But everybody else she somehow ends up in bed with while according to the movie she is looking for real true love. But she is definitely also a bit on the promiscuous side and the ways in which we see how desperate she really is are perhaps not enough to hide that, like the crying scenes or the way in which she talks to the Black fella near the end. But maybe my problem with this movie is also how very unlikable all the protagonists are really. Maybe they are just flawed like everybody else, but is that really justification enough? The one hitting rock-bottom is definitely the married guy we see during this long bar scene, perhaps the least likable film character from 2017. We also see him in the very first scene of the film, a sex scene with Binoche's breasts visible and you could think that she lays her innermost out there and it could have been a good start for a great movie. Too bad it is never a great film. Binoche still looks really good for her age and this may be the only amazing component.Now I want to say a couple words in detail about the final scene. First of all, the credits did not really take anything away from it for me. The only result is that you obviously won't check for the names, but then again you don't otherwise either do you? Finally having Depardieu and Binoche hand it to each other eventually could have been one of the finest film scenes of the year, but it really is no such thing. It is all about Depardieu here, never about Binoche as she is basically just listening. As we don't see Depardieu before except in this very short random car scene, I was quite surprised about his inclusion. It felt very random and the scene is really all about the actor, never about the characters. Such a shame as I like Depardieu and Binoche really a lot and I so so wanted this to be better. Back to the entire film, there were some audience members who laughed a great deal from start to finish in my viewing, but I personally must say the comedy component here was minimal to me. It felt way more about the relationship drama and the protagonists longing for and lack of romantic happiness in her life. Still quotes and reactions felt extremely unauthentic on many occasions, which is why I must say that the characters' actions and reactions made no sense on more than just a few occasions. And this is a negative deal breaker in my opinion. I would not say that the performers were bad or anything, actually they elevated the material at times even, but they can only be as good as the script they are given. And what they were given here was most of the time the opposite of quietly captivating, namely over-the-top and unrealistic. I quite like Binoche (and Depardieu), but this was a really big downer as a whole. Pretty disappointed here and being one myself I cannot even recommend it to Binoche's fans as they will maybe dislike it as much as I did. It is nowhere near real failure territory, but it's also nowhere near being among the better or even best French films from 2017. A country I love in terms of filmmaking. But this one here is the negative example potentially confirming the rule. Go check it out.
bad I saw the movie with a number of friends this evening. Of the 10, 3 of us are combat veterans, with a total of 5 wars between us. (2 Vietnam, 2 Desert Storm and a current war in the Middle East veteran.) All the non-combat veterans thought the battle scenes were "so horribly, so frighteningly realistic." Those who have been to war thought they were incredibly cartoon-ish.The tactical mistakes such as bunching up, not seeking cover, bodies flying through the air, artillery explosions obviously gasoline, all the ridiculous yelling, were all so blatantly wrong. It was the worst depiction of battle we ever saw.If the Japanese occupied the top of the "ridge" why didn't they simply cut down the cargo netting the troops climbed? Why didn't they throw grenades down on the assembled Americans below? How did the cargo netting ever get there is US troops didn't already occupy the top of the mountain? Vince Vaughn was the Basic Training sergeant, again, best described as cartoon-ish. Peter Sellers as Inspector Cleuseau would have been more realistic.Quite frankly, there is nowhere enough space here to tell you how bad this movie really is.In reality, battle is hell, in some ways worse than what was shown on the screen, but in terms of realism, this movie is atrocious.
bad If you would like to watch a horrible found footage movie featuring some of the dumbest characters alive, you found the movie. Character motivations and decision making were incredibly illogical. The camera movement felt forced, unmotivated and just flat out didn't make sense sometimes (why would you film yourself committing a felony?). The character blocking in each scene felt awkward. The time travel effects were basically a shaky cam and a leaf blower. And there's about 20 min of a Lollapalooza scene that is obviously just filler and contains only 1 moment that moves the story along. If you enjoy this movie and rate it high, you are ruining movies for the rest of us. This is just sloppy, horrible film making and we'll get more of this crap if people keep paying to see it.
bad Solomon Northup suffered many degradations after being unlawfully forced into slavery in the American Deep South during the 1840s and 50s. He contributed to a ghost written book detailing his tragic experiences. This movie is based on that book.The film is relentless in its depiction of the despicable white men and women that Soloman (renamed Platt Hamilton by his new 'owners') encounters as a slave. There is absolutely no let up. This does a disservice to Mr Northup's account of his tale. By his own account, William Ford was a decent man, though a product of the time he lived in, and his background. He was not portrayed as such in the movie - I'm guessing because this did not fit the screenwriter/directors literal black and white vision of his tribulations. Thelma and Louise suffered from the same type of problem, in it's depiction of 'all men are bastards' proclamation.I got bored after a half hour or so. Which should not have happened. It's a terrible story, filled with deeply tragic events. But I found myself, moving from... Jeez, that's terrible. The poor man.....to Oh God love her. That's unforgivable.... to I am so glad I was not born black in America during slavery... to OK, I get it. There weren't many sympathetic white people... to Sheesh, was EVERY white person SO irredeemably vicious? to Alright, ALREADY...I get it..White people treated black people worse than animals!! to Oh FFS, how was this written? With crayons? I also found myself thinking of Alex Haley's Roots. This told a not dissimilar story of enforced slavery on black people in America. But there was dark and light in the story. You rooted for the characters. You understood that the black slaves were quite often better people, all round, than their white owners. But you weren't beaten over the head with that thought.12 Years's depiction of Salomon and his companions existence did not let up for one second. I don't mean to underplay the hardships that they endured, which were terrible. But the relentless depiction of all of the black people as nothing other than victims reduced them to caricature.Just like a good horror movie will have light moments, which both relieve the tension and then make the horror more shocking, it would, for me, have been better served to show moments of light relief which were then snatched away by, for example, the loathsome Edwin Epps. In this way, we can better identify with Salomon's plight. But the incessant misery becomes almost expected after numerous representations, to the point where it ceases to shock. And that's what's wrong with the movie, for me. Something has gone seriously wrong when the depiction of merciless hardships by fellow human beings becomes boring. And I was bored. Not helped by too many lingering closeups, some extending to thirty seconds. The director is obviously a fan of Kurosowa.The actors were all excellent, especially the lead character. It looked beautiful. And I will read the book now, where before I hadn't heard of it. But the movie didn't work for me. A good story badly told.
bad The premise of this movie - that Greek gods were real and have offspring in the modern world - is interesting. But the execution of this idea felt very rushed in this movie. I haven't read the book, so can't judge where the blame lies for this.The movie is an enjoyable way to kill a couple of hours, but isn't as engrossing as other movies of this genre. Several big stars feature in cameo roles and for anyone who knows a fair bit about who celebrities are, this tends to distract from the movie. Uma Thurman, Brosnan, etc., aren't really given the screen time to build a strong character for themselves. Perhaps the best of these is Steve Coogan playing Hades, but even here you send most of his screen time thinking "oh look, it's Steve Coogan" rather than being drawn into the movie. It could have benefited from having the minor roles played by less known actors - as it is, their appearances tend to detract from the main characters who actually do a good job with the material they have been given.But these are minor concerns - the biggest problem with this movie is that Percy finds out he's a demigod and suddenly seems to develop gifts with no effort or training, just by virtue of knowing his past. At the start of the movie, he already demonstrated an exceptional ability to remain underwater for long periods of time. But after finding out he's a demigod, he develops strong sword fighting skills with no training or effort (the start of the fight between the red helmets and the blue helmets, before the water "thing"), and later is capable of manipulating water in a couple of scenes without being taught this skill or having any difficulty or doubts about his ability to do it. This is just preposterous. The mythical/other worldly framework is generally used to provide a context to display human failings, struggles, and virtues. Instead, in Percy Jackson, this framework is used to simply give the lead character a loose justification for overcoming other mythical creatures. He doesn't have to question how to use his powers, nor does he have to put any effort into developing these powers. Like I say, the movie isn't so bad as to make it unwatchable, but they really missed a chance to make this movie have a strong impact by failing to give it any depth. It is all just the bells and whistles of CGI and having mythological creatures just to have some interesting looking battles and a trip to the underworld. It could have been so much more. Whether this is a failing of the movie, the books, or both, is up to those who have read the books to decide. But the movie reeks of jumping on the Harry Potter bandwagon in an attempt to get box- office success, while ignoring the fact that those movies were built on books that had some depth to them. That is what gave them their cultural poignancy. This movie lacks it completely.
bad When I heard that a second Grown Ups movie was coming out I was immediately excited. Being a a huge fan of the first one; my expectations were very high for the second. Obviously too high. This film had basically no point or plot at all. It was incredibly disappointing. I barely laughed at all. All of the jokes and humor was unbelievably crass and perverted. The movie was just plan dirty. The first one had its moments but this one felt like a big "one of those moments." The dialog was disappointingly gross in the end. Giving this a 3 out of 10 still seems a little to high and mighty even for this. I wasted my money. Don't waste yours and don't see this lame excuse for a sequel.
bad Oh dear! Started off moderately OK, though you'd have to question the sanity of any girl wearing not-too-much taking a lift from a guy she doesn't know in Mexico.....down a deserted track, to a deserted beach. Then the guys she meets down there don't think to offer to wait for her, even though she has no way to get back! Then the way she eventually deals with the shark is ridiculous beyond belief. How lucky for her the child found the Go-pro, knew how to work it, & realised where it came from, all in time for the good Samaritan to save her.....what a happy ending. Shame it's so pathetically improbable for anyone who has even a modicum of experience of how things work in the real world. A joke!
bad During the Normandy landings during WW2 two brothers are killed.  In another part of the world another of the Ryan brothers is killed in action, leaving their mother with one remaining son and three telegrams due to be delivered. A group of men, led by Captain Miller set out to reach Private Ryan and not only break him the news but to safely return him for return to the US.What can I say  it is an excellent film despite some minor flaws.  The plot is based on a real life situation during WW2 and allows for us to follow a group of men as they take part in the horrors (and humanity) of war.  This is the film's strength and it is never stronger than in the first 25 minutes and, to a lesser extent, the final 20 minutes.  The opening of the Normandy landing is simply pure emotional power and is really well done  it is so powerful that the actual plot itself is a bit of a letdown.  I love Band of Brothers because the focus was on the war and what it was like to be involved rather than a sort of soap opera story.  Here the plot is still very good but can't really follow that opening.It also sinks into sentiment a tad too often.  For example Ryan's mother lives in this sort of Norman Rockwell painting that is Spielberg's vision of middle America.  Also there is a little too much use of gawkish dialogue as well  although it's hard to criticise the death scenes for being emotional, because they should be.A minor flaw that is easy to get over is the lack of Brits.  Like Band of Brothers (which had a few cockney accents) this is an AMERICAN film  so of course they will focus on the American experience.  However it would have been nice to have some British (or any other) voices or faces among the Allies.  I can understand why the film opens and closes with the stars and stripes and why the film focuses on the yanks but a little bit of perspective would be useful.  There's nothing wrong with focus  but when it totally excludes huge bits of information then it's a problem.  It always makes me think of the way that Michael Caine took his children back to the UK when they were taught in an US school that WW2 started in the 1940's (ie  when America joined).However this is a minor flaw as, in fairness, it's an American film  why be surprised when it's focus is Americans!  Of the cast Hanks is good  he is much more subtle than his Oscar roles where he played to the crowd.  He benefits from having a great support cast of good actors, current actors, old faces, up and comers etc.  Sizemore, Burns and Farina are the good current actors.  Damon, Ribsi, Diesel, Martini etc are all very good on the way up  although Damon has one of the simplest characters.  They may all be slight stereotypes of Americans but it's not a major flaw  just a screen writer wanting to cover all bases I think, although it does grate that they cover all these backgrounds but can't squeeze any other Allies in to the edges.Overall it is excellent despite some stereotyping, US flag waving and the usual Spielberg love of sentimentality.  Even if the actual plot is flimsy Spielberg expertly puts us as close to experiencing the horrors and the humanity within war as I hope we'll ever be.
bad I would give this movie no stars.. This movie is pathetic. I mean so pathetic. The acting was awful! The movie starts well, but once they introduce the Cullens its pretty much downhill. Ashley Greene looks good as Alice, Jackson Rathbone looks constipated as Jasper, a wooden plank would have been a more convincing Edward. Robert Pattinson deserves the Razzie, second thought, his acting is so horrible that a razzie is like honoring him. Vampires are supposed to be scary, when Edward scales trees he acts like a monkey, move over Kong! The baseball match looks like Super Mario Sluggers on steroids! Horrible..The scene where Edward glitters is pathetic. It looks someone dumped some glitter on him.. On the other hand Charlie Swan and Jacob were spot on.Over all the director tried too hard and lost it all. I strongly believe someone with more experience should direct a high profile film like this. This movie doesn't appeal as a Vampire movie or as a Romantic movie. Its pathetic.. Jury
bad I wasn't particularly excited for this movie, but it was one of the few that I wanted to see this opening weekend (where pickings are slim). The acting was not great especially in the beginning (it got a little bit better throughout but I would imagine it's because there's a lot more stimuli to distract from the characters speaking. The monsters were boring. I love monster design which is one of the reasons I decided to see this, but the one giant we see up close is a hodgepodge of rocks and sharps edges, and just horribly ugly but not in an intricate, thought out way. The harbingers were pretty neat to look at and moved like Jim Henson puppets, but when they spoke it ruined any sort of fear (understandably I'm old for this movie's audience, but kids deserve a better movie anyways).The message is literally spoken out to you word for word in one of the most boring battles I've ever seen. The bullies come right out of the 80s. The main character is an ungrateful brat, which yes, kids can be like that and still deserve our sympathy, but at least in the comics she was wittier. Over all a very meh story, with very meh characters, and rudimentary acting, editing, and cinematography.
bad Slow boring performance. Stereotype sup-par acting. No energy, fast wrap-up and low entertaining value. Fastfood like value. In Jeff Labrecque's article in Entertainment Weekly, he writes that countless American actors have been negatively impacted by the large influx of actors from the UK. He pinpoints training as the main issue. There are far too many American actors who are prone to laziness.
bad I want to comment on the metaphors I found (maybe reading too much into the film itself) in Kar Wai Wong's film. The cinematography in this film is astounding in my opinion. The fact that most shots of the protagonists are through the reflection of a mirror is reminiscent of the fragmentary reality we live in, in which each perception and definition of the situation shapes the reality of the otherwise objective event; mirrors that can be metaphorically interpreted as the windows to our memories by the fact that they (as memories themselves) are blurred, cracked, and even stained symbolizing the gaps and even "black holes" that the unimportant events create in our conscious mind when we remember. They symbolize an opaque reality that is distorted not only by the passing of time, nor by the perception of each one of those involved, but by the needs and desires of the protagonists. A story that delves with the existential dilemmas of our era; the resolution of solitude, the acceptance and defiance of loneliness, the need for company and therefore love are echoed in Mrs Chan and Mr Chow's journey to one another. It is this common element and dilemma what drew them together in the first place and continued ruling the rest of their existences. Another incredible moment of the film, at least to me; is the final scene in the temple. It was very interesting to see how from the whole in which Chow "whispered" his secrets, a plant grew (from the mud we assume he puts after wards to seal the secret in) as if life and redemption would come out of any misfortune, or as a metaphor for the resilient condition of humanity and the capacity to be reborn in the presence of a painful situation. In this particular case; a metaphor o the love that grew from the hatred, sadness, and deep solitude felt before between the protagonists. Lastly but not least, what caught my attention was the depiction of a plate of apples set as a decoration in the beginning of the film, that were set in juxtaposition with a painting of still life (apples in fact) on the wall. I found it very interesting because again it is reminiscent on how each ones perceptions and definitions of a situation can determine the objectivity of a memoir, and affect the reality; and because it evoked, again, to the idea of the present and the past (in the end, it seems as if that painting made previously was created revolving around the apples seen in the present).
bad It's hard to get revenge on a bad movie. I am partially consoled considering I snuck into this theater rather than paying for a ticket. Still, this subversion robbed me of the cathartic argument over my refund with some hapless manager. Room stole two hours of my life, and the only way I am going to get value from that experience is to get the last word. Room has an extremely fertile premise. An unnamed woman (Brie Larson) has been kidnapped and imprisoned in a shed for seven years, five of which she has spent raising her son Jack (Jacob Tremblay). I am unaware how the book navigated this premise, but author and screenwriter Emma Donoghue had a bottomless potential of directions and selected none. The writing is too shallow to be a thought experiment on trauma or a character study. The narrative is too muddled by loose ends to be a simple "feel good" movie. Cult classic The Room had a similar degree of cohesion yeah okay no it didn't. Poor contractually obligated jokes aside, Room is simply aimless. This child grows up in a 10x10 room surrounded by sexual abuse his entire life and his lone complications are a paleness, shyness, and poor grammar. I have met children with comparable behavior from normal households. Children might be plastic, but no one is going to manage a full swift recovery from being born into this environment. The mother character is better explored, but barely. The strength of this woman while kidnapped is unbelievable, but interesting questions are raised after the escape. Her relationship with her parents, her friends, and dealing with new realties are all introduced and either dropped or solved off screen. This is a device derived from the book where everything is seen through Jack's perspective. But post-escape Jack is just cute and boring, not worth following. His narration of events is insufferable. The conclusion of Room is sickening. The film has the audacity to propose that mother and son will be able to leave this experience behind in the closing moments. This claim is beyond ignorant and well into insulting.For the sake of critical fairness I will mention all the two and a half things I enjoyed. The escape sequence is genuinely thrilling. Putting a child in peril is often a cheap way to manipulate the audience. It worked here, so credit is due. Second, the cinematography in the room itself was surprising. I think most films would have tried for a more claustrophobic. Instead, the dimensions are simply defined and unjudged. The abrupt camera pans while Jack is running from wall to wall brilliantly reflects the mindset of these trapped characters. This place is simultaneously small and their entire world; traversing the room is trivial, but also the greatest possible distance. The one victory achieved by the closing scene is the brief moment perfect perspective when the room is seen from the outside. Finally, the acting was serviceable. It is hard to completely differentiate the awful roles from performances, but the film did dodge some melodrama. The Oscars successfully suckered me into watching Room. I would like to just chuck this movie atop a pile of other examples where the illustrious academy failed, but I am apparently in the minority. There are some aspects of quality filmmaking here, but there is no prize for best drama for housewives. Room took a premise ripe with potential and failed to nurture it with a drop of ingenuity or realism. I was disappointed, and I refuse to believe I am the only one.
bad The Brothers are no longer, and their films are getting worse by the movie. This drivel is supposed to be about a wretched anglo-Russian girl (Kunis) who miraculously has the same genetic imprint as a millennia-old royal just dead in outer space. The royal was part of a family looking for profit from creating life on suitable planets which are then farmed for their body fluids to produce immortal bath salts for those who can pay. Cra* concept and an even worse script, direction, and character development has resulted! It is all CGI, but for what? The characters are totally uninteresting. Even the evil offspring of the dead royal, who just ooze 'orribleness and are of course played by British actors (including star of the moment Eddie Redmayne!), are one-dimensional. The hero, half wolf, half man, Channing Tatum, remains stony faced and just jets about on a set of gravity boots better than Superman! The only interest is Sean Bean and whether he will last beyond the second reel. From the trailer he looked certain for an early demise but he keeps hanging on! The script is just a series of bang crashes, and scenes of jeopardy for our two leads and how are they going to get out of them - yawn, yawn! The CGI is boring inside two minutes. And the whole film is a derivative sham. You will recognise 'Star Wars' 'North by North West' 'Jurassic Park 2' 'Superman' 'Flash Gordon' and particularly 'Dune' as well as many others. Oh, it is truly awful!!!!!!!!!!Brother and sister - give up film making now and save the industry from another mega ($170M) flop!
bad First of all let me say I didn't pick this film at random, I really am a sucker for this kind of plot device (i.e. Groundhog Day or more generally the 'change one thing in a chain of events and see how they turn out' premise). The problem is I've seen many good films that have used this in clever ways (Run Lola Run) or even average quality films that have at least managed to keep the suspense going (Butterfly Effect). I've even enjoyed a recent teenagery version of this in game format ("Life is Strange") which I think is the main reason why I thought I'd give this one a go.Well, it is dull and predictable, not even trying to be subtle (the moral of the story is literally printed in big bold letters on a poster that the camera zooms on around 10 times throughout the film). The acting is meh, cinematography good but uninspired. I think it is exclusively aimed at a teenage audience that hasn't yet been exposed to better movies of this kind. I also can't imagine who else would like the godawful music score (OK, sorry teens, I admit this may be me getting old).Bottom line: not suitable for over 25s.And a note regarding films on Netflix (that we don't hear about anywhere else): they suck more often than not.
bad I am trying to keep from falling asleep from this boring, stupid, stupid, did I say stupid movie. Asinine, ridiculous, this movie could be renamed, "How to bore your audience to death" or "Movie for braindead corpses". I feel stupid for watching this so called 'movie'. And I am watching it for free and I still want my money back. Terrorist groups don't need any old torture devices, they can use this movie. Bad acting, check. Stupid plot line, check. Very big, gigantic plot holes that make absolutely no sense, check. You don't care if everyone in the movie does a horrible, painful death, check. Through out the movie you will roll your eyes, sigh heavenly, saying things like "Why are they doing that?" and "That makes no sense.", check. **Spoilers, you knew the one chick was going to die when they got on top of the wall. No bullets hit Tris or Four although they were being shot at at close range and with machine guns, and they didn't get shot as they climbed up the wall. Despite the land outside the wall being completely jacked up from nuclear war, the land is completely toxic, yet people are able to survive on the fridges in tents!!!Where were they getting food and water!!! These people are supposedly exposed to all kinds of toxic fumes, toxic land but they all look normal!!!? Oh, but the Genetic Manipulation place was able to survive the nuclear fall out and create a grass growing (again ON WHAT IF THE WHOLE WORLD IIS A NUCLEAR HOLOCAUST!!!) And the motivations for the characters, stupid, stupid, stupid. David, who you KNEW and the new section were evil. Absolutely nothing shocking. You knew who was going to die, you knew who was evil. And why did Four go back to Chicago? And how did he survive walking through the nuclear wasteland with no issues!! We are living in the last days, common sense is out, insane people rule the world and make the movies. Finding an actual good these days is like trying to find the holy Grail or a needle in a haystack.
bad In my opinion, David Lean is one of the cinema's greatest directors, in the highest pantheon along with the likes of Kurosawa, Welles, De Sica, and Bergman. Lean's "Lawrence of Arabia" and his vastly underrated "A Passage to India" are unmitigated masterpieces, and some of his 'smaller' films, such as "Summertime," "Great Expectations," and "Brief Encounter" are true gems."The Bridge on the River Kwai" should justly be grouped with "Lawrence" and "India," as all three are sweeping in scope, and all three are some of the most thematically ambitious films ever made, reflecting a mature filmmaker at the peak of his craft. Like "Lawrence," "Kwai" does not flinch for a moment while it forces the viewer to gaze deep into the chasm of the human condition, and it is not an easy film to take in, as it presents us with profoundly symbolic (archetypal, you might say) character types, most of whom elicit both admiration and repulsion, sympathy and frustration. And while the film explores these character themes at length, it is ultimately content to leave the conflicts unresolved, happy simply to present us with the Hamlet-like paradoxes that are the human condition in all its glory and stupidity.If there is any clear, unequivocal message that can be gleaned from "Kwai," it is an ode in praise of stoic virtue and the struggle for dignity and meaning in the face of a hostile universe-- in this case, in the face of an inhuman and absurd war. However, ironically, it is in this very aspect that the film, in my opinion, has its greatest failing. In retrospect, it would seem that in order to distill the film's philosophical elements down to universal themes, and perhaps in order to make the story palatable to 1950s audiences (and more Oscar-worthy?), the film greatly tones down the very inhumanity of the historical situation it portrays. In reality, the Japanese were perfectly capable of engineering their own bridges and, far more importantly, the building of the Burma-Thailand Railroad was an atrocity so vast and inhuman that it can only be rightly compared with the Nazi Holocaust and the Khmer Rouge Genocide. The true "stiff upper lip" displayed by the surviving prisoners-of-war from that hell in the jungle was not an insistence that a bridge be built right if it is to be built at all, etc.; the true "stiff upper lip" was mere survival itself, as thousands upon thousands were dying of starvation, overwork, constant beatings, summary executions, disease and exposure. While it is true that not every film about war needs to be "Shoah," "Schindler's List," or "The Killing Fields," and "Kwai" should be viewed on its own terms, as a film solely about the themes and characters it has chosen to depict; nevertheless, by so greatly downplaying the horrors of the actual historical situation it portrays, the film ultimately does a great disservice to the hundreds of thousands of people of several nationalities who suffered and died in the building of this monstrosity of a railroad. While it seems to me that the intentions of the filmmakers were noble, that Lean sought to explore the struggle of the human spirit under the greatest adversity, the film's light treatment of the still-seldom-discussed topic of Japanese war crimes inadvertently trivializes that very struggle.Nonetheless, I still feel that "Kwai" is an amazing cinematic achievement in its own right. And while it would only be with heavy reservation that I place it on a list of "greatest films," it does manage to squeak onto my hypothetical Top 100.
bad Wow! That was complete and utter rubbish. Can we please have it listed under genres as Teen Romance / Brain Rot and not under the genre Sci-fi, Action, Adventure as it is listed above. Are teenagers these days all goldfish???, is this not the same plot as Twilight, Divergence etc only replace vampires etc. with Aliens?. I love my apocalyptic movies and after the first 20 minutes I thought it wasn't going so bad... decent special effects, seeing what each "wave" was going to do and I was looking forward to seeing "the others", but alas that was it for the movie after that it was like opening a teen magazine while jamming a skewer up my nose in to my brain.I must say I did get a few laughs at the many clichés I called before they happened followed by my swift exit to save my brain from rotting by the absurd stupidity of it all. If you are not a girl aged 11 to 15 avoid this movie like you would avoid the plague
bad I wanted to like this but.. This is one of the most ridiculous movies I've seen in a while. Left me baffled in disbelief. The protagonist is apparently Wonder Woman, or something, since she doesn't need any food or drink to survive for days. Neither does she seem to feel much pain or any side effects from gaping wounds, gangrene, and jellyfish stings, nor bleed to death from blood constantly gushing out of her wounds. In fact, after two nights, in this emergency state, she still has the strength and stamina of an Olympic athlete.The shark is similarly unrealistic in that it can apparently stalk people, eat an entire person within seconds before immediately moving to the next one, and rather circles a potential human prey rather than eating from a juicy whale cadaver nearby.You're better off watching something like "Sharknado" I'm afraid.
bad This movie runs like the cut scenes from a game like 'Justice League, gods among us' or the likes. The plot was good but dialog very poor and only used to string fight scenes together. In many ways it felt like an advert for all the various Anime formats crammed into one movie based on a popular western brand. In short I loved what the movie tried to do but the end result missed the mark. 4/10
bad The second word in the title is important. Ruggero Deodato's 1979 meta-snuff movie, far more than a chichi trinket like THE NIGHT PORTER, is the real Holocaust porn. Here the trigger is not frights, or even shocks, or even splatter. Atrocity is the name of Deodato's game--and the genius of this monsterpiece is that Deodato horrifyingly delivers the goods at the same time he coruscates his audience and himself.This is a hard movie to recommend to any but those who would find it anyway; but it must be said that Deodato here created the most rigorous, critical, almost philosophical movie in the Italian horror canon. The audience's lust for Third World exoticism and envelope-pushing violence are gratified and held up to the painful light of day--and not necessarily in that order. The overwhelming feeling of this picture is of a pornographer pleading, "Stop me before I shoot again."The conceit of the movie--an academic's journey into the Amazon to find the remains of a Western film crew devoured by cannibals--permits Deodato more Pirandellian boxes within boxes than a double bill of BLOWUP and THE PLAYER. But the atmosphere of the movie, despite scenes of cruelty so extreme you sometimes want to put out your eyeballs, is relentlessly elegiac--capped by Riz Ortolani's theme music. (It can be said with certainty that no romantic ballad was ever used underneath what Deodato stages here.)CANNIBAL HOLOCAUST is the farthest edge of Extreme Cinema--as in Extreme Sports. It feels stuntlike, yet the combination of amplified bloodlust and world-weary regret is unique. Like Lucio Fulci's even more personal CAT IN THE BRAIN, it's an affecting enactment of an exploitation artist's conscience tearing apart.It might make good viewing for Y2K Eve: it puts together the century's two salient words--holocaust and entertainment--as no other film did before or since.
bad I know Transylvania is a cool name and sounds very interesting, but really people, when are you going to get the simplest of facts straight?I know this is a movie, and perhaps I could get past all the wrong years and characters' age inconsistencies. But when are you American film-makers going to grab a history book and read that Vlad Tepes had nothing to do with Transylvania?Basic historical facts: - Vlad Tepes, son of Vlad Dracul, was a ruler in Wallachia (NOT Transylvania) - his castle is named Bran (not Castle Dracula, wtf!) and is in the mountains indeed, but still belongs to Wallachia, not Transylvania+1 for mentioning that "Dracul" meant "The Dragon" in old Romanian language, referring to the Order of Dragon that Vlad's father was part of. Only in the recent history has "Dracul" become a synonym for "The Devil".Anyway, I was ready to accept all historically wrong facts and enjoy the movie. But I could not.The plot was so bad with so many inconsistencies and underdeveloped characters that I don't know what to begin with.I don't want to spoil so I will not bring exact details, but here's what happens in this movie: - there are characters who appear out of nowhere in 1 or 2 scenes, who apparently have an important part in the story, but we get to know absolutely NOTHING about them - nobody in the Turkish army seems to have any fear whatsoever after witnessing an extremely powerful, supernatural force; they see Dracula killing soldiers like crushing ant with a boot, yet the Turkish generals remain cocky and eager to fight him with... well... a sword. - the dumbest idea I have ever seen of how to prevent soldiers fear Dracula before going to fight him... watch and amazeOverall, a very bad movie. I can't remember the last time I've seen such an awful piece of cinema... makes you wonder what was going on in filmmakers' heads.
bad A world with lots of differrent beings in it looks promising. Dark lord? lol. Will kills a Fairy, holy shit that was cool. This introduction takes too long. He'll be the hero because he gets bullied. Haha 'Shield of light' really?, that's so dumb, you can't possibly come up with a name that's more... 'Magic Task Force'. K. Let's kill will. I don't think so. Holy fuck we have a magic wand, now what? Supp who are you? You don't talk? Oh you are Tikka, let's forget that every 5 minutes for the rest of the movie. Okay great lets move on. Leilah and her killer elves kill a lot of people. After that Leilah kills more people, SWAT people, a lot of them. Haha fucking savages, this is awesome. Nevermind they just lost against a slow Orc and his human bro. Now let's get captured by some Orcs. 'In your ass' good one Nick, now die please. Okay Nick lives again. Now they kneel for Nick but why? I don't know but good for him. Hey Jirak and a bunch of armies no one knows. Where's the dark lord? guess they saved him for the sequel that will never happen. People are still burning in the background. Oh will is a bright, didn't see that coming at all. Let's cut my own hand and show Nick. Oh wow I'm a thug now, cool. Look a stupid special magic wand case for no reason. Haha this is funny Nick doesn't understand that Will is lying. Oh! there's uhm. crap. Tikka, yes. Thanks google. Okay so; Too many vague characters, check. Storyline a 5 year old can predict, check. Nothing we haven't seen in other scifi movies, check. No deep messages or funny moments you'll remember, check. Netflix, what have you done?( The Orcs look pretty good though )
bad I haven't Play the video game, I only saw the movie, but honestly, I think It was a very poor movie. The story was inconsistent, it had very boring scenes, the acting wasn't good enough and the plot... It just doesn't work out. Nothing is explained. And what to say about the characters? They didn't developed any characters, so the viewer can't empathize with any of them... At the end of the movie, it leaves you a sour taste in your mouth... because it looks like there's going to be another movie. In conclusion, don't waste your money. This is my personal opinion, from a person that saw the film without having play the game.
bad Well, I grew up during this period in the south and we always had a black maid. We loved our black maid Veronica (first black person I'd ever seen and I thought she was made of my favorite stuff -- chocolate), and our family corresponded with her (and sent her money) for years after we moved. Other families had black maids and no one ever, ever, ever, ever, ever talked about them or treated them the way they are in this film (haven't read the book) but instead with value and respect, though within the confines of the segregationist times. That whole bathroom issue --silly, never happened that I witnessed or heard of.Don't get me wrong: It was certainly a period and relationship worth examination from our more modern era. I can recall at one point going out to visit our maid who was sick. She lived on a piece of farmland -- had all these children, our counterpart, and we played together while parents visited, though I was aware that it was like looking in a mirror, dark on other side. And one can bemoan the disparity of the period (but we still have it though) and still-rampart racism back then that was just taken for granted by everyone. But, no, ma'am, nothing about this movie rang true beyond the fact that the maids were always black, generally poorer, and, yes, helped raise white babies (sang to them, fed them, fussed at them, did their -- my -- hair). Maybe there was just some peculiar cesspool in Jackson, but if anyone had acted like the villain did where we lived, she'd probably be sent for mental treatment (actually not, but everyone would know she was insane).And by the way, no one back then said "Damn" in front of a woman (opening scene), "Jesus" as a cuss-word (opening scene), and heaven forbid "Sh-t" (many times) which I never once heard in my life until college. In summary, this movie struck me as a bit of a cartoon. Plunked down in a real period lifestyle are cartoonish villains as well as cartoonish heroines. Guess you needed to put in such stuff for Hollywood. Or maybe the writer added it to finally get sold. Too bad.
bad Yesterday I have watched the movie " secret in their eyes " starring Julia Roberts and nicole kidman. . The movie is a remake of the Argentinian movie " el secreto de sus ojos " the Oscar winning movie 2010 for best foreign movie The remake was not up to the same standard or emotional impact of the first film .. I couldn't live the same thriller mystery atmosphere I had watching the original film Even they couldn't deliver the whole moto of the movie which was that if you wanna know the secret of a person you look in his eyes as it will reveal his deepest passion and emotions Neither could they deliver the deep intense emotional suffering of the hopeless love of the investigator to his boss In the original movie it was a young woman brutally raped and killed by an old school mate and the investigator could point out who the killer was only by the look of his eyes to her in All her photos which revealed passion reaching the level of obsession And as the movie went on they showed us the determination of her loving grieving husband who dedicated his life just for finding the killer and to punish him by life sentence and when justice failed him he decided to take matters by his own hands and lied to the investigator that he killed him but because the latter knew the husband wouldn't relief the killer by ending his life he followed him to his house to discover he has held the killer captive in a cage for the past 25 yrs feeding and nourishing him to live and rotten in his prison to pay for his deeds When the investigator saw the killer in the cage the killer begged him to just make the husband talk to him .. for 25 yrs he brought him food everyday and never had a word with him to torture him even a more torture than what he would have got in prison That was his revenge and justice In the remake it was a cops daughter " Julia Roberts " who dedicated her life as well to find and revenge for the killer and had also kept him captive in her prison for 13 yrs emotionally torturing him and never talking to him.. they changed the ending by the investigator giving her a gun to kill the man who killed her daughter not to take revenge from him but to relieve herself from the same prison she locked herself into and starting her life all over again so they killed and buried him The ending of the original movie in my opinion was so much more intense and served the whole meaning of revenge even if it meant the husband was locked up in the idea of revenge with his prisoner as already his life ended by the act of murder of the love of his life The addition made in the remake kind of spoilt this meaning and cooled off the intensity of the whole master scene of the cage and suffering of the killer I give the remake 4/10 and I guess it would hardly win any prizes compared to the 10/10 I give to the original version That's the reason I prefer non American movies especially Latin and Spanish movies That was my critic review for the movie and if you are intending to watch this one I advise you to watch the original one " el secreto de sus ojos " It's a must watch piece of art you won't regret to watch MINO
bad The only way you will understand the plot is to read the Time Travel Book in the extras on the DVD.  I bet nobody guessed near the rubbish the plot actually is....---------- THE TRUE PLOT OF DONNIE DARKO (spoiler) ----------If a Tangent Universe occurs, it will be highly unstable, sustaining itself for no longer than several weeks.  Artifacts provide the first sign that a Tangent Universe has occurred.  The Living Receiver is chosen to guide the Artifact into position for it's journey back to the Primary Universe.  The Manipulated Dead will manipulate the Living Receiver using the Fourth Dimensional Construct.We enter the Tangent Universe when the Airplane Engine (Artifact) first appears.Donnie (Living Receiver) has been chosen to guide the Airplane Engine back to the Primary Universe. We don't know why he is chosen.Frank (Manipulative Dead) dies in this Tangent Universe so he is able to guide Donnie to get the Artifact in position.---------- THE TRUE PLOT OF DONNIE DARKO (spoiler) ----------This Plot isn't intelligent. Creating a movie nobody would ever understand (unless its explained in a book) is not hard to do.  This film is the dullest, most over-rated rubbish I've watched!
bad Project Almanac is a found footage time travel movie. And as far as time travel films go this must be one of the worst I've ever seen. It takes them almost half of the movie to make the damn thing (with old car batteries and Xbox 360 parts) and once they have the power to travel through time, what do they do? Go to parties and concerts coz apparently they were to stupid to go to them like in normal time. The movie also does little effort to respect some time travel rules like concerning duplicates off yourself already being there at the same place etc. Spoiler: they redo a certain part like 8 times (groundhog style like the characters correctly state) to do...a chemistry test over and over. WTF??? Then they get the fantastic idea to play the lottery, they f*ck it up by only filling in 5 of the 6 numbers correctly so they only win 1,8 m$ instead of 53m$, and THAT they only do once??? I have to say I've never seen a time travel flick where the characters and the retarded plot enraged me so much as this one. I know the target audience is teenagers but even they must have seen better in this genre. The directors next movie is going to be 'Power Rangers'. I'm wondering if he was so stupid to choose that himself or if the studio execs wanted to punish him for making dumb movies.
bad Despite what I had hoped, it seemed inevitable for Universal studios to bring about another Despicable Me movie to compete in this summer's animation flick. The series has been incredibly popular with merchandising, despite a film series with an up and down quality. Gru and company are back for another round to try and tickle our funny bones while melting our hearts in the process. Will time number four (three if you don't count the prequel) return back to the quality of the first predecessor, or does it fall victim to merchandising simplicity? Robbie K here to try and answer that question! Let's get started!LIKES:Animation/Cute: We all know that these movies are adorable, and that same atmosphere is present through much of the movie. The relationships between Gru and his Minions, and his newfound brother Dru, and even lovable little Agnes and her new family are certain to soften the hardest hearts. And to bring that cuteness to full form is the lovable, fluid, and crazy animation of this series. All the disproportioned anatomical parts, colorful settings, and vibrant gestures are flawless in this movie and bring that same atmosphere you fell in love with. Funny/Clever: Of course Despicable Me isn't just about being cute, but also comical at the same time. It seems the directing team learned something from their first movie, and did a nice job bringing entertainment to the silver screen. Despicable Me 3 dives back into its comedy roots, maximizing on awkwardly hilarious scenarios and over the top comedic delivery. Gru (and Dru) spout off plenty of one-liners that had me laughing, in those grossly accented, over the top accents that make me laugh. The writing is not only well-timed, but also quite clever in the number of references they make alongside the pokes at popular culture. Even the Minions redeem themselves, falling back into a supporting role that changes up the comedy styles and brings even more laughs. Such nice balance works and is a step in the right direction for future series, especially with the jokes integrated into a story instead of just jabbering nonsense.Music: If you have read my previous reviews, then you know I appreciate good sound support to the visuals. Certainly, the sound editing goes well with all the crazy visual effects, but the real masterpiece comes in the music. Balthazar Bratt is an 80's obsessed villain, see the trailer, and with this obsession comes a love for the 80's songs. Despicable Me 3 is not shy of the wonders of the decade, in all their toe tapping, synthesizer heavy glory. I was happy to know all the songs on the track list, and appreciated it even more at the clever integration into the movie. Sure, there are some stretches into the silly section, but for the most part my friend and I had a blast enjoying the teams' integration into the movie that was incredibly fun!DISLIKES:Smaller Character Development: It was cute, it was cuddly, and it had some strong moments of development. Yet Despicable Me 3 still cannot hold a candle to the majesty of the first film in regards to balance of the character development. Gru and Dru's story is well matched, and the main villain has a tightened-up story. Yet, the development of the other characters remains lacking at parts, forced at times into a rushed mess that felt shallow and lacking. Gru is doing well with his fatherhood, but the third installment somehow washes the caring father role away in favor of the newer relationships, such a shame. In addition, I didn't feel the emotional kick like I did back in the first installments as well. There was one point I felt sorry for a side character, but outside of thatnothing. No Dr. Nefario: It's unfortunate, but true. Fans of the notorious, invention making, gas filled madmen are going to be disappointed with the lack of his deep voice and obscure lines. Sure, there is a cameo (that is quite entertaining), but the absence of the side kick was a disappointment to this reviewer and the hilarity that could have ensued. Oh well, perhaps the next one will bring him back into the mix, but don't get your heart set on anything. Trailers reveals much: Why can Hollywood not learn to sell everything in the trailers? Despicable me 3 falls victim to much being revealed in the 3-4 TV spots that have been released. Pay attention to these trailers and you will be able to decipher the intentions, schemes, and outcomes of much of the movie leaving little to the imagination. And yes, there are many comedy moments that have been overdone on the trailers, which may chip away some of the effect. Shame on you advertising for revealing so much surprise. Fortunately, if you are free of TV ads (thanks to streaming), you are okay. The VERDICT:Despicable Me 3 was a fun, family friendly adventure that I very much enjoyed. With a fantastic sense of comedy, revamping of storytelling, and animation to support it all, I certainly think this entertainment worth watching. Yes, it still has its shortcomings in regards to emotional punches, character development, and surprise, but this reviewer feels the positivity contained in the 90 minutes will make up for it. Worth a trip to the theater? You bet it is, but no so much in 3-D as it did little but to add the coming at you from the screen gimmick. My scores are:Animation/Action/Adventure: 8.0 Movie Overall: 7.0
bad In 1941 it cost the Empire of Japan 147 thousand dollars to stage the three hour attack on Pearl Harbor.In 2001 Michael Bay spent $132 MILLION dollars to film the event, and ran four minutes longer. Even taking into account 60 years of inflation, the Japanese did a better job with a smaller budget...Due to the ten line minimum submission this may be too short - but sometimes less is more.20th Century Fox already did the Pearl Harbor attack in Tora Tora Tora - and did an excellent job. Michael Bay should have left well enough alone.
bad I will keep my summation brief as you will have either seen it already or read the synopsis. What lies beneath this entire film, is the question of memory. How accurate is it? How reliable is any single person's account, of anything! What is truth? It's reflected in the philosophical teachings and comes into play within the context of a mystery thriller. In addition, what is guilt really? If a large number of people say something is so, does that make it real? Does having a personal philosophy have to match up with one's own actions?The film raises these and other fascinating questions. I would hope that one would walk away wanting to explore philosophy in more depth. However, for the average popcorn going movie goer wanting their 'thriller' spoon fed to them, they will of course be disappointed. Those seeking a little more substance will find this satisfying, playing out, exactly as it should.
bad I stuck around for this movie to serve something not yet seen or experienced in dozens of related films which I was so sure this movie would provide. Sadly, that moment never came.Although I have no complaints with the acting and setdesigns which were on par with any quality movie, there are basically three things that deprive this movie of being anything great.1. Though truly beautifully shot, Pan's two sided scenario with the Good vs Evil Children's-picture on the one side and a drama/war-movie on the other, provides no deeper layers. A 'what you see is what you get' type of film in which the fantasy part seemed more or less something that would look nice on the adverts in combination with a superabundance of very graphic violence in a foreign movie which offers a subterfuge to sell something slight and cursory as profound and insightful. 2. Since there is no thread running through both the scenario's it is like watching two different movies which bear very little to each other nor compliment the other. Because I liked the fantasy part zealously better than the war/drama bit, I was very disappointed that it had no follow-through and that it in the end just seemed like a shameless cloned-off short-impression of movies like Alice in Wonderland, The Wizzard of Ozz and The never Ending Story, to name but a few, but never with a meaningful reference of any kind. It is almost like the writers hit behind the fact that they never even saw these movies. 3.There is just nothing subtle in the story that draws you in, I found it all annoyingly superficial and cliché. It never invites you to share the little girl's fantastic world or truly reject El Capitan's actions because it is all far too black and white. Plus the film leaves no room for any other interpretation aside from the one which is already painted elaborately on its cinematic walls. Something I find quite odd since most true children's pictures have a lot underlying messages and symbolism. The more I think about it, the more this story just seems lazily written or without any terribly interesting thought behind it. -In the end of it all, there is simply no hope-..nothing more than a flipflop of any and all sappy-happy-endings Hollywood has been laying on us for years on end. Furthermore, with style over substance as its forté the movie tends to plod tremendously at times. And since none of the characters are really focused on, they all just seem to be stereotypes and are hence neither likable nor unlikable despite their (too) obvious good or bad demeanors. Vidal is simply bad, mom is simply weak and Ofelia was nothing more than the little girl playing with imaginary friends in the corner of the room.This film is alas just another example of a movie where they just don't seem to be able to get it both ways (powerful story AND powerful cinematography) which is the Achilles' heel of many a film lately but which oddly doesn't seem to bother the average moviegoer nor professional movie-critic who somehow seem to think that foreign+different=Masterpiece.
bad "Proud Mary" (R, 1:29) is an action thriller with a mainly African-American cast. Golden Globe winner and Oscar nominee Taraji P. Henson stars in the title role as a hit-woman with a hardened heart of gold.When she carries out orders to take out a man who was heavily indebted to her small but powerful Boston crime family, she learns that he had a tween son who is now an orphan. She spends the next year secretly following Danny (Jahi Di'Allo Winston) around town as he lives on the streets and works for an abusive local drug dealer (Xander Berkeley). At an especially vulnerable moment for Danny, Mary steps in and struggles to break through his defenses to help him and become his protector. But she also inadvertently drags him into a brewing gang war between her family (headed by Danny Glover and Billy Brown) and a group of eastern European criminals (headed by Rade Serbedzija, perhaps best known as the villain in "Taken 2"). This genre movie is fairly formulaic, with little to distinguish it from similar films, but it's also fairly well-done and fans of the genre (and/or the very accomplished cast) will probably find it entertaining. "B-"
bad Probably was a good story but was told poorly in this film. Very disappointed.
bad Five medical students, obsessed by what lies beyond the confines of life, embark on a daring experiment: by stopping their hearts for short periods, each triggers a near-death experience - giving them a firsthand account of the afterlife. Flatliners had one of the funniest openings i have seen in a while so thanks for that, now the rest of the film? it wasn't as good as i expected it, to be honest it was boring and above all not that interesting plus the acting was so-so, overall don't see it.
bad This was possibly the worst film I have seen in a very long time. Not only were the jokes absolutely terrible the characters were so immature you genuinely didn't know whether they were the parents or the children. Will Ferrell played his typical childlike male figure which is amazing for films like Elf or Step-Brothers but when you need to be acting like a parent? No good. It seemed like Amy Poehler felt the need to then act exactly the same as Ferrell and to be quite frank she was awful! But, I can't blame the actors for all of this god awful movie. It just felt like no one knows how to produce, direct and act in films anymore.Please don't waste your time.
bad If you want to know the truth about Entebbe you just have to google it. This could be any other movie, but is just not what happened in Entebbe and mislead watchers that don't know the real story, which is more interesting than this...
bad The year was 2016 and the movie on everyone's mind was "Ghostbusters Answer the Call". To say that the film was controversial and incredibly divisive is a total understatement. There were wars over this thing, man. It was mass hysteria the dogs and cats living together type.But, yes, this film was INCREDIBLY controversial. Remaking a classic comedy film is already going to irk some people, but to make such horrible marketing decisions that don't hype anyone up and instead makes them hate the movie on arrival-that's a completely different bag of bones. As for me, I thought the film was poorly marketed. The trailers portrayed the film as your average ensemble cast comedy that comes out every summer and is completely forgotten by Autumn. BUT! I remained open minded. Maybe the trailers were just bad, the film could be good. Right?WRONG!The film on its own is very average. It's never "The Room" territory of bad, but it's very bland and forgettable. Let's face it-if the film didn't have the title "Ghostbusters" no one would really care about it. The trailer would drop, a few months later it would make a small profit at the box office and people would move on. But, what made this film stand out is that it's a remake of an absolute gem of comedy. When I think Ghostbusters, I don't think of it as just some dumb eighties comedy about four guys who catch ghosts. I mean it is about four guys who catch ghosts-but the film is near perfect with its blend of comedy and scares and its perfect casting. The dialogue is some of the sharpest, most subtly funny one liners ever committed to film that still hold up to this day. However, with "Ghostbusters Answer the Call" you get a fart joke, an ejaculation joke and just some dumb "funny face"/mugging humor in the first half hour. Now believe me when I say this, I love low brow humor, when it's good. "Ghostbusters" had some low brow humor, but it was so well written and in tune with the rest of the script it worked-AMAZINGLY! Here, it just comes across as their desperate for laughs and they'll throw anything at the screen to get you to giggle. That's another thing with the film-it never knows when to stop joking around. The original was never afraid to get serious for a moment. Remember that scene where Dan Aykroyd and Ernie Hudson talked about how the end of days seemed near, and it was a genuinely well-made and serious scene. Yeah, you don't get that here. Instead you sort of get shades of that, but the film is so desperate to get good jokes flowing that it won't just hush up and be quiet for a second.Probably the worst thing about the film is that I usually love these actresses in other films. Kate McKinnon is one of the strongest modern day cast members on SNL, Kristen Wiig has always been a good comedy actress and Melissa McCarthy, while pretty hit or miss in recent years, is decent when she tries hard enough. "Spy", for example, I really liked her in. She wasn't just some walking, talking fat joke that she's been type casted in to being with films such as "Tammy", "Identity Thief" and "The Boss". Surprisingly, the one person who works in this is Leslie Jones-the person everyone hated from the trailer. She sort of plays the character that the audience can associate with. She's witty, independent and street wise, just like the original Ghostbusters. Peter Venkman, Ray Stantz, Egon Spengler and Winston Zeddemore weren't just a bunch of actors playing themselves. They were full-fledged characters, played by actors who understood their characters. "Ghostbusters Answer the Call" never seems like it truly understands its original source material and it never tries to. Why should it? It's just a dumb 80's comedy that has a recognizable name that can just be plastered onto some shallow attempt at comedy to make a quick buck. Right?
bad Grade: FRating: R. Why isn't this rated X?In a Nutshell: Why is this trilogy of trash on the big screen? Why isn't this sold as the pornography it is? I realize there are women who eat this franchise up, but it's a pathetic money grab and poor excuse for a romantic Valentine's movie.Tips for parents: No. Just no.Uplifting theme: This is pure garbage with no redeeming quality whatsoever.Things I liked:· Absolutely nothing.Things I didn't like:Pretty much everything. The dialogue is ridiculous and often laughable.The premise is ridiculous.Sadomasochistic treatment of women.  @MovieReviewMom
bad I was so glad to see the SNL cast were involved in this film including Pete Davison, Vanessa Bayer, Leslie Jones and Bill Hader. However I don't understand why they made this film longer because it really did get boring in some scenes.Like any other normal person would do, I just skipped along the way to the near ending. I don't mind Amy Schumer as a person but I thought her jokes were too outdated like I know I only saw her the first time in this movie, but still it was just a little corny reallyI wouldn't consider this a best movie for the SNL cast because pretty much it went downhill for me I'm afraid!
bad I was actually getting anxious to leave mid way through but tried to toughen it out as i was with a friend that really wanted to watch this movie. She later admitted it was probably the worst and most predictable movie she's seen. I second the predictable nature of the movie but was second to blues brothers 2000 for being coined "worst" movie. Only reason i gave it a 1 was that there were a couple, or dare i say maybe a few, funny parts. Save your money TRUST me.
bad Maybe I just make this simple. I read some negative comments. This is an action movie. Who needs to think what is the story about. This time, Jackie used Australia as the shooting location, again? I believe that he likes the place a lot. Some non famous stars in this film, that is great as if everytime we see the same people, we will get bored and luckily, Jackie is in here to add spices to the movie.
bad I don't write reviews but as a firemen this is truly insulting. Do they even have a consultant to help them with this, or did they just guess what happens on a real fire department. If you make a show about any perfession. You should at least try to make it close to the real thing. Aside from all of that, The acting is horrible, the script sucks, and the plot is horrible. I hope they cancel it! I don't want people thinking this is what happens in real life!
bad Kind of psychological thought ,, but it's new in the story teller for an teacher problem with their student when they facing some sexual diorsder
bad How on earth is this film attracting so much criticism?! This is one of the best films of 2014 and people are labelling it "utter tripe", "an enormous heap of illogic and nonsense", "wish I had missed it". Are these people serious? Can we no longer appreciate - or even identify - a great film?!Gone Girl is a peerless plot-driven story about a wife who goes missing. Seems pretty ordinary, right? Well it's not. And it doesn't take very long at all for any sane viewer to recognise this. You start watching and - as you do with any mystery - you start collecting the clues and piecing together an explanation for the events which have taken place. But no sooner than you have formed the perfect explanation in your mind is it immediately swept away in the most overwhelming twist of the year. And it only gets better from there.Gone Girl is a roller-coaster; only you're riding it in the dark. You don't know where the next turn is, you can't see where you're headed, and you have no idea how many more ups and downs you're going to experience before it's all over. It's a film that keeps you guessing and just as you're beginning to (once again) think you've got it all figured out, the game changes and it's all up in the air once more. The diary-exposition format is also very clever and was executed perfectly. Many films fall victim to losing the viewer when jumping back and forth between past and present, yet Gone Girl - you guessed it - does it just right.This film ranks high in the mystery/thriller genre. It is just as compelling and perplexing as Shutter Island - if not then moreso. And let's not forget: the acting. Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike do a phenomenal job in their roles as husband and wife. Not a line feels out of place and both seem as though they were born to play Nick and Amy Dunne. By the end of the film I felt so immersed in their story that I found it hard to believe it was just a film. All in all, I for one am thoroughly pleased with Gone Girl. I knew from watching the trailer it would be something I would like, I just never imagined it could thrill me this much.A very underrated and overwhelming story that should be enjoyed by all.
bad This is a dull film, the likes of which we have seen before. The acting is paint by numbers, the effects serviceable but nothing we haven't seen in every other sci-fi film and the plot just stupid. I am a big fan of the Cloverfield films but this has just put me off from watching them. The only good thing: It was on Netflix so cost me nothing other than being part of my subscription.
bad This film uses every cliché in the book starting with the liberal minded white person who is the voice of conscience and the long suffering good hearted but somewhat simplistic black people.This film is emotionally manipulative and panders to a sentimental reduction of complex history. Its moves were predictable and uses every trick in the book, even the scene in the church is cliché. Both the white and the black characters are mostly reductive caricatures out of some story book world which doesn't do justice to the historical complexity of such situations. Why would you want to make a saccharine comic book out of profound historical situations-- other than to pander to audiences longing for a feel good experience for the sake of box office. I actually don't mean to disrespect to people who like it, and I don't want to attack the actors. They didn't write the film, but at the same time, I can't believe that so many people fell for this bag of tricks. Still, a bigger problem and disservice a movie like this does to our culture is that such bad history and simplistic human portrayals turns race dynamics into good guy bad guy stories which we can watch with a complacent feeling of how much better we are than those bad old days. Such complacency leads to a historical ignorance that retards honest critique and real progress. This movie would be better if it just didn't pretend to be about something. Let it be some sappy comic book. That wouldn't be the worse thing in the world. At least it would be more honest.
bad The Honey, I Shrunk the Kids franchise was a huge deal and not to mention very famous. I loved Honey, I shrunk the Kids when I was little. It was an original story and had such an exciting plot! The sets were so amazing and the cast seemed like they enjoyed each other's company. Now Honey, I blew up the kid was pretty stupid, so I think they wanted to go back to the story that everyone loved.Basically, Adam is a little more grown up now and the mom's are going on vacation to leave their husbands with their children. But when Wayne's favorite item is threatened for the garbage, he wants to shrink it and keep it, but he and his brother get in the way. But when the wives come back after forgetting to give some meds to their son, they get caught in the machine as well, leaving the kids in the house alone!The plot is silly, but like I said, it was just a family film that I think some might get a kick out of. The original Honey, I Shrunk the Kids is the best, I think everyone could agree. The third one wasn't so bad, I would recommend this one at least over Honey, I Blew Up the Kid movie, it was at least a little more fun.4/10
bad ...lie down until the feeling goes away!Or better yet, go rent the first three Terminator movies, watching only the cool action moments and immediately fast-forwarding past every scene where anyone demonstrates anything resembling personality or acting ability. Because really, that's all this movie ever does.Seriously -- over and over again, every time sometime cool or interesting happens in this movie, a moment's thought will remind you that they're simply apeing a scene or shot from a prior film, and did it better with technology from a quarter-century ago! Hell -- they even stole the "quantum frequency matter" bit from Jim Cameron's treatment for his proposed (but never filmed) version of "Terminator 3"!Add to that the neutering the film underwent in order to squeak into a PG-13 rating, plus handing key roles in the story to the complete charisma-vacuums that are Jason Clarke and Jai Courtney (how do you even pronounce that -- does it rhyme with "die", or with "oy vey"?), and it becomes clear that the real disaster that we need to invent a time machine so that we can prevent it from ever happening, is this abomination on celluloid...
bad Despite its unusual approach (it's a holocaust comedy) this is at heart a fatally self-conscious, shamelessly lowest-common-denominator film with the subtlety of a brick to the head.  When he isn't straining to act 'lovable' (actually coming off as obnoxious), Benigni keeps busy pushing every easy emotional button he can think of.  But why should we care?  His romance is never made believable, and the horror of the holocaust is never made real, because the way he edgelessly films it, we might as well be watching a film set in a medium-security prison.  (The movie numbers a grand total of one effective dramatic moment, which is Benigni's artfully handled last scene.)The lowest point in recent Academy Awards history is when Roberto Benigni won best actor for this film (he was up against Nick Nolte, Ian McKellen, Edward Norton and Tom Hanks, all in career-best performances, for god's sake!).If you feel such a strong need to be manipulated that you don't care that the guy doing the manipulating is a shallow egotist, then this movie will suit you just fine.
bad Reading the reviews on IMDb has cemented what I have always felt about this film and about art in general. It is not always about a "product" that sums things up in a tidy sentence or a two hour film. It is possible to criticize this film based on the conventions of the medium, but thats besides the point. Sure the stalker is the only fleshed out character, but the writer and the scientist are not even supposed to be characters to begin with. I think its fairly obvious they are archetypes that represent a conflict. Some people have said that the science versus religion thing is tired, this is missing the point completely!!!! Its the absurdity of trying to reduce any conflict to a duality to begin with. The scene where we observe them sitting together makes it all very clear. We are observing them from the very room itself, where our innermost desires are laid bare and revealed. With this insight we can see that there is no duality to begin with, but only different ways to strive towards an understanding, the characters are joined together, their separation dissolves. Someone mentioned that this film is "straining for deepness, and many a viewer will constantly feel this strain." They seemed a little confused because most films strain for this, as do most people!!!!! A successful film will always have this strain because that is part of our existence. Stalker evokes that yearning and allows us to feel it, and that is one of its best qualities I think. To actual visually embody the yearning for meaning, thats what A.T. has done here.Stalker vs. Solaris: Another point of contention on IMDb, Most people seem to like a Solaris more...all I will say is this: Solaris is much more obvious and much more straightforward. I guess people find it easier, but in its supposed "humanism" its actually quite sterile, its clean. It presents human problems but through a haze of "greatness" that you will find with a lot of art. Its filmed from a further distance is what I am trying to say.Stalker is the down and dirty, the swamp, the overgrowth, insects, water, rotting, rust. Its a much more dynamic world, just like our striving is much more dynamic than duality. Its dark, confusing, musty, a little frightening, but extremely beautiful. I would like to mention the use of the word pretentious. If you have you used the word pretentious in your review please read a dictionary and understand a word before you use it. That word is used constantly to instantly demonize something. It is the equivalent of calling someone an anti-semite. It is loaded and works against serious discussion and observation. THIS FILM IS NOT PRETENTIOUS BECAUSE IT DOES NOT ATTEMPT TO IMPRESS OR HOLD ANY GREAT IMPORTANCE!!!!!!! It just exists as it does and its people afterwords that attach importance to it. A.T. refused to ever state clearly what this film is about. So you can discount everything that I just said and anyone else said about it. Like life, like existence itself there is no clear meaning.
bad I figured out the most of the plot after the first 45 minutes of this painfully slow moving painfully wannabe suspense movie. 'Prisoners' is self-indulgent mind-numbing fare. It parodies the film noire genre without intending it.The audience is treated as a fool, and the director apparently gets away with it--if the praise showered on this con-job of a movie on IMDb is a reliable indicator. Hugh Jackman out of the Wolverine character is what the audience wanted to see in this film, and he tries hard but he totally wasted in this 2-1/2 overstretched and subdued melodrama.Watching Andy Warhol's slow motion movies at a further half speed would be more entertaining.
bad Terrible! This movie takes an interesting premise, "What if we could make ourselves smaller to use up fewer resources and save the planet?" and does nothing with it. Basically, "Meh. Nothing would be different." It makes fun of progressive ideas and offers a defeatist outlook: The best we can do for the world is give poor neighbors our leftovers and await our doom. Our protagonist is a bumbler who lacks agency. Bossy, dissatisfied women prod him into action for better or worse. Misogynist, anti-science and racist undertones. Unimaginative plot nonsense. What is Matt Damon even doing in this movie? Was he duped into being in a regressive film? What were the writers trying to do here? Nothing good it seems.One nice word: Actress Hong Chau acts the heck out of a dumb role. Well done.
bad I was looking forward to this movie and right from the beginning you could see holes in the story line. There were things happening in the movie which would not be possible in real life (e.g. police procedures).Al Pacino seemed tired and gave a disappointing performance. Urban is not lead character material at all.I feel like the end result of this film script was a first draft and not worthy of being shown in public.
bad Some describe CALIGULIA as "the" most controversial film of its era. While this is debatable, it is certainly one of the most embarrassing: virtually every big name associated with the film made an effort to distance themselves from it. Author Gore Vidal actually sued (with mixed results) to have his name removed from the film, and when the stars saw the film their reactions varied from loudly voiced disgust to strategic silence. What they wanted, of course, was for it to go away.For a while it looked like it might. CALIGULA was a major box-office and critical flop (producer Guccione had to rent theatres in order to get it screened at all), and although the film was released on VHS to the home market so many censorship issues were raised that it was re-edited, and the edited version was the only one widely available for more than a decade. But now CALIGULIA is on DVD, available in both edited "R" and original "Unrated" versions. And no doubt John Gielgud is glad he didn't live to see it happen.The only way to describe CALIGULIA is to say it is something like DEEP THROAT meets David Lynch's DUNE by way of Fellini having an off day. Vidal's script fell into the hands of Penthouse publisher Bob Guccione, who used Vidal's reputation to bankroll the project and lure the big name stars--and then threw out most of Vidal's script and brought in soft-porn director Tinto Brass. Then, when Guccione felt Brass' work wasn't explicit enough, he and Giancarlo Lui photographed hardcore material on the sly.Viewers watching the edited version may wonder what all the fuss is about, but those viewing the original cut will quickly realize that it leaves absolutely nothing to the imagination. There is a tremendous amount of nudity, and that remains in the edited version, but the original comes complete with XXX scenes: there is very explicit gay, lesbian, and straight sex, kinky sex, and a grand orgy complete with dancing Roman guards thrown in for good measure. The film is also incredibly violent and bloody, with rape, torture, and mutilation the order of the day. In one particularly disturbing scene, a man is slowly stabbed to death, a woman urinates on his corpse, and his genitals are cut off and thrown to the dogs.In a documentary that accompanies the DVD release, Guccione states he wanted the film to reflect the reality of pagan Rome. If so, he missed the mark. We know very little about Caligula--and what little we know is questionable at best. That aside, orgies and casual sex were not a commonplace of Roman society, where adultery was an offense punishable by death. And certainly ancient Rome NEVER looked like the strange, slightly Oriental, oddly space-age sets and costumes offered by the designers.On the plus side, those sets and costumes are often fantastically beautiful, and although the cinematography is commonplace it at least does them justice; the score is also very, very good. The most successful member of the cast is Helen Mirren, who manages to engage our interests and sympathies as the Empress Caesonia; Gielgud and O'Toole also escape in reasonably good form. The same cannot be said for McDowell, but in justice to him he doesn't have much to work with.The movie does possess a dark fascination, but ultimately it is an oddity, more interesting for its design and flat-out weirdness than for content. Some of the bodies on display (including McDowell's and Mirren's) are extremely beautiful, and some of the sex scenes work very well as pornography... but then again, some of them are so distasteful they might drive you to abstinence, and the bloody and grotesque nature of the film undercuts its eroticism. If you're up to it, it is worth seeing once, but once is likely to be enough.Gary F. Taylor, aka GFT, Amazon Reviewer
bad Hubby and I paid $4.99 to watch Mama Mia on Pay Per View last night and have decided we wasted $4. We're also grateful we didn't plunk down money on movie theatre tickets to see it. Thumbnail sketch of the film: A bunch of people with women's uncombed hair streaming and guys bare-chested (so's ya know they are 70's leftovers) run up and down the streets of a seaside village, singing. They are joined by happy peasants who also seem to know the song and the dance moves. The same bunch of people run up and down a pier singing a song that sounds like the first one, and end up in the water. The same bunch of people run around rocks and trees, singing a song that sounds like the first two. The same bunch of people run up and down the beach, singing a song that sounds like the first three. The same bunch of people run through a labyrinth of halls and rooms in some sort of seaside inn, singing a songyou get the idea by now. Three men visiting the seaside inn for a wedding run around the deck of a boat, singing for the bride-to-be, whom one of them has fathered years ago but not raised. The bride (omigosh!) ends up in the water. Who knew? The same bunch of people sit transfixed on the ground as three of them, ostensibly a female trio reunited for the wedding of one of their daughters, sing the songs that made them (in)famous.ABBA's songs are round-pegged into the square holes of the screenplay, with laughably awkward song cues that smack of a Broadway stage setting. I guess it might have worked on Broadway. As for the volume competition between the accompanying background music and the singers, final score is Instruments 10, Singers 0. Given the vapid nature of the lyrics, this is not necessarily a bad decision on the part of the film-makers. All the manic music in the film sounds alike--well, shoot it's ABBA for heavens sake--except for a nice ballad sung by Streep and the bride, her daughter. One of ABBA's best tunes, "Fernando," was missing from the film. He probably died from a heart attack brought about by all that manic running, or maybe drowned off the boat or pier.The actress playing the daughter has expressions that run the gamut from upset to VERY upset. The most active parts of her anatomy were her frowning forehead and wild eyes. Pierce Brosnan delivers a miscast performance that makes you wonder if he's contemplating strangling his agent, or throwing him off a pier or a boat. I know that some commentators on IMDb thought the film was wonderful. "Chacun son gout." On the + side, Meryl Streep proves once again that she is a Protean actor who can really sing. Is there NO role this woman cannot play?
bad CSI: Miami is a fun show to watch, like the original CSI:. But the chemistry in the original isn't quite there.Grissom, in CSI:, is interesting, deep, and can easily be believed to be as smart as he is. But Horatio in CSI: Miami seems a bit more flat, and his bright moments seem cheesy and scripted.Other characters don't seem to grow in CSI: Miami, while there's clear changes in their CSI: counterparts. Also, the side stories are more interesting in CSI: than in CSI: Miami.So, while I'll watch CSI: Miami, it's not growing on me like how the original did.
bad Predictably, the only reason I went to see Jennifer's Body was because of Megan Fox. Not because I think she's a great actress - she's done nothing to prove this - but because... well, it's Megan Fox. The only reason why she was "discovered" by Michael Bay and put in the Transformers movies was because she's hot, and that's precisely the only reason why she was given her first starring role with Jennifer's Body. Because, really, although she isn't particularly awful - I've seen worst performances in porn movies - her performing skills don't deserve as much attention as she has been receiving. Yes, that basically means she doesn't give a very good performance in Jennifer's Body. And to be honest, that's something of a disappointment - before watching the movie, I had a little bit of hope that the reason why Fox had given such horrible performances in the Transformers movies was Michael Bay's inability to direct actors. After watching this movie, though, I concluded that Fox is nothing more than eye candy - whether she's directed by Bay or Martin Scorsese, she'll always give a bad performance.The film tells the story of teenager Needy (Amanda Seyfried), whose best friend is the ridiculously hot Jennifer (Megan Fox). The former has a somehow timid but likable boyfriend, Chip (Johnny Simmons) while the latter loves the fact that she can sleep with whoever she wants whenever she wants. One night, Jennifer takes Needy to a bar to watch the semi-popular rock band Low Shoulder. The lead singer (Adam Brody) gives Needy the creeps but Jennifer likes him. After the show is abruptly ended by a fire, the group takes her to their van and they disappear... Needy fears the worst. Next day, though, Jennifer appears to be all right. It turns out that, instead of dying a pretty horrible death, she was turned into a demon who has to eat boys in order to maintain her hotness.I understand what Diablo Cody (screenwritter of the fabulous Juno) tried to do. Instead of crafting a straight-forward horror story, she tried to write something a little more humorous and a little more quirky, but the problem with this approach is that the movie doesn't really know what it wants to do. At times, it can be hilarious - because the filmmakers are providing with a joke or gag or some weird-ish, quirky line -, while at others it can be unintentionally - and awfully - funny. And when it tries to be scary, it utterly - and somehow embarrassingly - fails. You'd have to be either a very small boy or girl or a very frightful person in order to be scared by the movie.Although the aforementioned Fox is not very convincing as Jennifer - okay, that's unfair; she is convincing when portraying the mega-hot high-school girl because she's basically playing herself; it's when she turns into a boy-eating monster that things become laughable -, the rest of the cast are pretty much all right. Because Amanda Seyfried - who was delightful in the underrated Mamma Mia - can act, Fox's performance seems even more artificial than it already is. What's more - Needy is virtually the only believable character in the whole movie, which is a blessing considering she's the main one. Johnny Simmons is also very likable as Chip - his eventual fate was the only scene in the film that got me emotionally involved with what was happening on screen - and a very small supporting performance by J.K. Simmons - as a school teacher - is as memorable as things get in this film.Those who want to watch the movie to catch a glimpse of a naked Megan Fox are definitely going to be disappointed. Although there's plenty of gore, guts and language, Fox never gets naked. During a weird skinny dipping scene, her nude body is hidden from view by tricky camera angles and other techniques, and the only really sexual scene in which she gets involved - not even Fox can make cannibalism hot - is a lesbian kissing sequence with Seyfried. Can't say it's not a hot scene - because it is - but it somehow seemed tame for today's standards. Really, though, these are only very small problems which I could have forgiven had the film worked as a horror flick - the main problem with Jennifer's Body is that it's neither scary nor laugh-out-loud funny.Having seen and appreciated Juno, I was expecting more from screen writer Diablo Cody. This is a case of a very successful - and from what I gathered from her previous movie, talented - screen writer trying to do something different and failing. Yes, her intentions were really noble, but the end result - being, in this case, a motion picture - is nothing short of a disaster. While Amanda Seyfried tries to give her best - unlike Fox, she doesn't embarrass herself -, the rest of the production is so mediocre I can't believe someone thought it was worth releasing in theatres. If Jennifer's Body was a way to prove that Diablo Cody could write a successful horror film, it failed. And if it was to prove that Megan Fox was something more than eye candy, then it also failed. And really, Fox isn't that hot either. For my money, Seyfried is a million times prettier, and she has the advantage that, unlike Fox, she can act.
bad In a word: turgid. Given the hype, I had expected an up-beat colourful, all-singing & dancing romp. Boy, was I disappointed! Save your money and take your loved one for a couple of beers instead.The opening traffic jam song-dance sequence was a nigh-on unintelligible uninspiring mess that added pointless minutes to what turned out in any case to be an over-long film. From there on we limp though a lacklustre passionless "romance" until we reach an ambiguous ending. There are a couple of cute songs along the way. The dancing is disappointing, especially if you're thinking of something along the lines of Fred Astaire & Ginger Rogers. Ironically the high spot for me was the sequence where Ryan Gosling's character is playing keyboards in a pop band, something that conflicts with his jazz-based musical values. Gosling's character seemed mildly depressed throughout. which is not appealing. And although Stone can act convincingly, there's a limit to how much big eyed gazing I can take. When good films end, an audience will be buzzing with conversation, with smiles on faces. This one ended with silent shuffling. There was a palpable sense of disappointment. Did wives feel guilty for dragging their husbands to such a turkey? And did husbands fume at losing 2 hours of their lives, which could have been spent watching "Homes under the hammer" on TV?
bad Another shitty series to watch while you are so bored with your life. Cant believe how much these are coming from US. But who cares about series when your president is messing up every human real thing in this world. Oh 4 lines of truth wasn't enough. just doing what internet movie database wants. Peace.
bad Really dull, clichéd story line. if filmed 20 years ago this would have been a direct to VHS. the story line is all over the place with a lot of elements that just don't make any sense. Acting/casting was ok just the story had no substance.
bad As others wrote, I am also amazed how I did not notice that women are not equally respected as men, adjusting their life, thinking and behavior to male dominated world even in 2018 until I see the world by simply switching the gender in this movie. In this movie, women does look terrible treating men without equal respect, like an object, and dominating their life; which is quite normal in this world by just switching gender. In this movie, men have to worry about their looks than women, because men are valued mostly by their looks. It looks frightening and oppressed to live as a man in a female dominated world in this movie. It is also refreshing to see women live with their full potential and lead the world without social pressure and worrying about how men look at them in this movie. This movie is simple but an amazing eye opener and can put both women and men in each other's shoes to see the world.
bad This film was like walking down the street and someone walks up to you and starts having a conversation but, they start the conversation in the middle and you don't know what the hell they are talking about because they never stop to explain what they are saying.This movie has no character or story development. Newcomers to the story are left confused because the movie relies too much on assuming the audience knows the video game lore that they take no time to explain any of the concepts like the machine, Why going back in time and killing people for an apple will stop violence?, or why did the three team up at the end despite knowing nothing about each other? There was no development between these characters and all of the sudden they are a team now? The creed is barely explained as well.The action scenes are terrible. Due to the shaky cam, its hard to tell what the hell is going on.
bad I don´t understand why comedies are so bad this days. These Directors should learn about 80´s comedies. They were so diverse, funny and not all relied on sex and drugs. A lot of them were comedies where you could watch with your family. Now it´s all about cheap jokes, sex and drugs and so many good actors/actresses wasted in these so called comedies. We need real family comedies as times get darker nowadays and most movies have darker tones.
bad Warning Warning Warning Warning The review contains spoilers!!!!! The review contains spoilers!!!!! The review contains spoilers!!!!! The review contains spoilers!!!!!-------------------- This review contains spoilers RIGHT FROM THE BEGINNING --------- ---A completely morbid and joyless film. Grim and hopeless to the point to depravity! The ignominious death fashioned for Charles Xavier is unworthy -- given the legacy of this character. Equally distasteful are the not so subtle suggestions that this film or its characters are comparable to Shane. This self-service association is entirely unearned and borders on heresy. You could have done so much better with a modicum of imagination and heart. When I saw the coming attractions it left me feeling miserable. I though "Who would possible want to see such a grim and hopeless film?". As an owner of copies of the previous two films and most X-men movies, I went to see it anyway. I left the theater feeling even worse than I did after viewing the coming attractions.The rating of 3 out of 10 rather than 2 out of 10 is for the visceral depiction of the effects of Professor X's 'brainstorm' That part was very well doneAside from that, thanks for nothing guys. Eat soup and cough!
bad I had to comment on this movie... I am only 3/4 of the way through watching this movie and I just can't believe how much they hyped up this heap of rubbish. I've read some people on this site asking people to lighten up and like the movie for what it is but really... If it were a comedy then fair enough.. ..it's hilarious... The reason why it's important to hate this film is because these people get paid to make this rubbish and there are hundreds of film-makers out there who would kill to have the resources, money and cast that this guy had and to then produce this rubbish is an insult to these would be film makers and an insult to the audience... Worst scenes for me were the supermarket scene and then the ridiculous escape scene in the car by Cussack and family... The script was just life threateningly awful... The nonchalant acting is excusable because the actors must have realised that this was a bad slapstick comedy quite quickly so I forgive them...People who don't hate this film need to be the first to go when the world does finally end.I still have 30 minutes more to watch so maybe there are even worse scenes yet to come!
bad Why Why are the makers of this peace of garbage think us all for fools?? None of them ever heard of physics of logic. The whole plot is stupid. Who ever wrote this drivel must be just a very uneducated person, I can not believe how somebody can live with the complete crap they created.I guess this is the world we are live in right now. Only shit and garbage all around.Please just don't make another of this drivel!!
bad First of all, this movie is not as bad as a lot of the reviews make it out to be.  Second, it didn't bore me and I was actually pretty content with the film until the last 10 min.SPOILER**** When the chimp landed on the planet during the "big final battle"  I just knew that this film was spiraling down, and in my opinion it did.Mostly everyone knows the story of this movie regardless if they've seen it or not.  It's about a human pilot Leo Davidson (Mark Wahlberg) who crash lands on a planet ruled by apes a few thousand years in the future and tries to escape because the living conditions of humans there are very poor due to the tyranny of the apes.  This simple plot I think would have made for a good movie.  Also, I'd like to mention that I haven't seen the original Planet of the Apes so I'm making no comparison.  However, what ruined this movie was the fact that there were too many plot holes.  A big part about enjoying a movie is to understand the story and when a movie is presented with a plot-holed story-line, you'll be spending a lot of time wondering instead of letting yourself enjoy the film.Anyway, the plot summary seems very simple, yet the movie is cluttered with so many different things going on.  This proves to be a big obstacle for portraying the development of the characters.  This was unfortunate because I believed that the characters were worth relating to, especially Daena (Estella Warren).  Actually, now that I think of it, she had about 5 lines in the film, other than that all she had to do was pose, and by the time of her last scene, I still didn't know her name.Another thing that bothered me about the film was the somewhat love-triangle between Leo, Ari, and Daena.  Throughout the movie, it was so obvious that a romance between Leo and Daena would've worked well, but they didn't even have a conversation together.  As for putting Ari in this equation it was just a bad idea because why would Leo even give Ari a second thought as a love interest when he has the HUMAN Daena right in front of him.  It was clear from the beginning that Daena was smitten with Leo, yet he doesn't even notice because he's too busy with trying to get off the planet which is understandable, but I think it would have been good for the film if Leo and Daena had connected emotionally.  First of all, Estella Warren who I think has enormous potential would have had a better role.  She could have been sort of the woman behind the great man, helping him believe in himself and just being there for him.  They really wasted the character of Daena in my opinion.  It's also unfair for others to criticize Estella Warren's acting, I mean how much better could she have been with the script she was given?Thade, annoyed me after a while because he sneered and growled too much. However, overall I didn't think Tim Roth did such a bad job.I've mentioned how Daena's character was wasted, well actually all the human characters weren't much for the plot.  Karubi, Daena's father had absolutely no relevence to the film.  Birn (Luke Eberl the boy) was a waste of screen space, and then they try to make him important during the end of the film, but that falls through because his character didn't develop just like everyone else.SPOILER*** Attar's (Michael Clarke Duncan) conversion at the end of the film was also unbelievable.  It's also hard to believe that when Thade gets stuck in the ship and starts shooting off his gun, that he didn't get hit at all even though there were like 7 bullets ricocheing off the tiny room at the same time.Finally, the ending.  A movie's ending can make it or break it.  This movie's ending broke it.  It left far too many questions unanswered, but not only that, it didn't make any sense AT ALL!  I have a feeling that the movie makers only put this ending in so that people will hear through word of mouth about this twist ending and make them want to see it.  It's nothing but a money making sham which unfortunately is working.  It leaves room for so many different types of sequels, what bothers me is that it doesn't seem to leave room for most of the characters to return for the sequel (eg. Daena, Ari...).Well, this movie was a feast for the eyes, it's visually a masterpiece, but unfortunately visuals aren't enough to make a great movie, a story and characters one can relate to are still the key and unfortunately this movie lacked this.  It's definitely a movie worth a look at, just not at the price of today's cinema admission.
bad This really stupid glorification tribute film financed by the extremely wealthy McCandless whose son died a futile death from poisoning , starvation and overexposure in the Alaskan wilderness. Having graduated from Emory University the super spoiled typical rich kid rebels against what is expected of him by his parents. Like most of his type knowing full well he can always fall back on his parents wealth when it suits them to do so he then sets out on squandering his allowance after reportedly having donating his allowance to charity. The character playing his sister provides a narrative throughout the film providing a rational that his parents premarital experiences as well as their highly strained marriage as the reason for his escape into irresponsible living.This mainly fantasized account of Chris McCandless's last stage of life includes all these encounters that paint him as a much loved eccentric character idolized by young women, a grain farmer, welfare workers, burnt out hippies and an old man who wants to adopt him. He breaks ecological laws by rafting down the Colorado river without a permit to Mexico where he sweet talks his way back into the USA without ID papers. McCandless then finishes his little road trip adventure with a hunting trip to the Alaskan wilderness. Despite being fully equipped and armed the idiot McCandless manages to die of a combination of starvation, poisoning and over exposure. Sean Penn directs this silly film which will no doubt find fans amongst superficial young women and other well to do hippie types. I suspect these types of films inspire young people to take foolish paths in life that only the rich can afford to take and have seen this happen to friends of mine with similar disastrous consequences. I'm giving it one star because maybe it will inspire other idiots to perish in the wilderness. I was not keen on the wasteful shooting of Alaskan wildlife for McCandless's camping experiment. Great comedy material.
bad Terrible movie as previous reviewer writes the pacing is all wrong the characters are bleh you don't feel any attachment to them with them creating no chemistry.The middle section of the movie is drawn out while the climax feels rushed like the director went gosh where running out of time quick rap it up. After the recent awesome avenger movies and the Thors this felt like some hacked together 1990s offering.The story has so many gaps in it with supposedly super smart scientist doing super stupid things and Miles Teller playing Mr Fantastic is just a terrible choice he has no screen presence as a leader. Wait for DVD or what ever and let it go quietly in to the past .
bad Assassins creed is a pretty straightforward franchise. Its about historical conflicts, and cool dudes that run around taking out major targets whilst doing awesome parkour. I'm not a huge fan of the games (I've only ever played IV) but as someone who is into history, I was pretty stoked for this movie. On top of that, Assassins Creed is also a reunion For Justin Kurzel, Michael Fassbender, and Marion Cotillard; who all worked on the most recent version of Macbeth, which I absolutely loved. My expectations for this movie were high. So high, in fact, that I disregarded the overwhelming onslaught of hate that came in the wake of the movie's early screenings. Boy, was I wrong. Justin Kurzel is a great director. He has a gift in his manipulation of fog, dust, and light. He did great things in Macbeth, especially with the final confrontation, and he does similarly great things here...at least when the screenplay permits it. The setting that I had most looked forward to; fifteenth century Spain, at the height of the inquisition, barely gets 30 minutes of screen time, if that. The ferocious beauty that Kurzel's visual style brings to the table is never given time to become the prepossessing masterpiece I know it could have become. The epic acrobatics, tense sequences of martial arts combat, and exotic weaponry scarcely sink in before the viewers, just like Callum Lynch, are jerked back to a monotone and boring laboratory, that serves as the setting for most of the movie. At one point in the film, when the villainous Templar priest finally lays his oppressive hands on the apple of Eden, the movie's sought after artifact, Aguilar, and his Assassin partner leap down into a cloud of grey smoke, emerging from the shadows here, and there, laying absolute waste to the Templar. This is a moment of cinematic triumph, and Kurzel ought to be pleased. Next however, as Aguilar seizes the priest, he looks across the room, and sees his partner just as she is murdered by a Templar enforcer. An epic duel ensues. Climactic combat is Fassbender's forte. The man shows his emotions so well with his facial expressions. This woman is his wife, presumably, or his lover perhaps. However, I have no idea who she is; heck, i don't even know what her name is. The movies plot prevents you from being emotionally invested in the most adrenaline pumping part of the story, because the script focuses on what has to be the most positively tedious plot device in Assassins Creed.This movie was Ubisoft's chance to disconnect the Assassins Creed franchise from the half-baked convoluted sci-fi plot devices that are part and parcel of the games. Instead, the film chooses to be a movie that is almost solely, a half baked-convoluted plot device, with a dash of fantastic stunt work on the side.I am usually pretty optimistic after a movie. It takes very little to please me. My rating scale tends to peak at "perfect", and reach its low at "just good". I'm sad to say that I wanted Assassin's Creed to end. Once I realized that there were no more animus sequences coming my way, I had no reason to care anymore. This was not, sitting on the edge of my seat, or wishing the film would hurry up and get to the climax. I legitimately wanted the movie to be over, so the credits would roll, and I could get up and leave. Assassin's Creed is a tragedy. So much talent was involved, and clearly, plenty of hard work went into it. A few times, Kurzel's pictorial virtuosity is allowed to shine through the weary and trite plot, but for the most part, it is suppressed by how vapid and incomplete everything else is. It is a pity. Assassins Creed was chock full of potential, but it couldn't have fallen more short.
bad Wanted a silly comedy for a night out with my best friend. We knew the movie would be bad, but this was so so so much worse. I find movies funny when they contain some authenticity. When I can say, "Wow, this is over-the-top, but there's a shred of truth here." Ummm, no. This had the same sentiment as an ABC Family movie, but mixed with the worst frat boy humor available. I doubt whether the writers have actually met mothers. Do they even know their own mothers? I laughed because I was EMBARRASSED. Like, wow, has the world come to this? Please make this movie again but with actual characters and an actual premise. Make it somewhat believable or at least make it funny.
bad The story contains the existence of alternate timelines but if they exist you can have as many timelines as you want and the story will never end. Winning the battle against Skynet would mean nothing because the characters can travel back in time and it can happen all over again, forever and ever. Everything that happened in Terminator 1-5 will just be one of those timelines and anything can be changed at any time, including a win against Skynet if it ever happens. Also Terminator 1 didn't even need to happen if the Guardian could successfully protect Sarah Connor. Oh right, it's just an alternate timeline, so what's the point? Just create 20 or 30 timelines if you want the franchise to go on forever.
bad How bad is it?I don't know anything about directing but I love movies and shows and have seen a ton of them.If I was the Director of this show(first time in my life) and had the full control and the ability to change the scenario and everything, I bet my house, all my bank accounts, damn, even my cat that I would have achieved a better result/rating than this crap.By far the worst series of 2018 until now. Well done Netflix!After this go on with a show about the life of Alexander the Great with the same Director and Writers! Capiche?
bad As a fan of the original "Clash of the Titans" from Harryhausen in 1981, I dreaded the idea of a remake that would crush the magical fantasy land that he created with the first version. And lo and behold, my fears were confirmed.This film tears to shreds the "Perseus vs. Medusa" myth and replaces it with mindless power chord progressions, endless action sequences, and a trivialized view of the Greek gods. Sam Worthington has proved himself to be a competent actor recently, but his performance is just nauseating with his embarrassed delivery of wooden dialogue. The script is awful, and the overblown spectacle of the entire thing is so self-indulgent that I was bored within the first 15 minutes.I will say however that the only redeeming factor is the film's action sequences. Though they do tend to drag on for nearly 10 minutes too long in every case, they are well shot, and the hand-held camera adds to the effect of the battle's intensity.Slightly below average action film. Don't go expecting a faithful adaptation of the original myth or even a quality remake of Harryhausen's classic film.5/10
bad Awful direction and screen writing. This movie is plagued with awkward and anticlimactic scenes. Seriously, can this David Ayer suck less?Making a movie about illogical people is no excuse to deprive it of ANY LOGIC at all.First of all, the non-villain characters are completely unlikeable. Flag and Waller act like condescending scumbag all the time. Waller is worse. She's like begging to be hated in every single scene. Why would David try so hard to make people hate a black woman??The whole disaster of the movie that the Suicide Squad had to fix was caused one of their members - Enchantress. If that project X (that creates the Suicide Squad) was not initiated in the first place, then there'd be no such disaster.Enchantress caused the disaster by releasing her brother, an almighty being that could wipe out the whole city, even the world. However, ever since she was released by June Moore, she had plenty of chances to do that because she could instantly teleport to anywhere. But she ended up waiting all the time. That means she's one of the strongest but also dumbest creatures on Earth.Harley Quinn proved her love to Joker by plunging into tanks of chemical toxic from at least the 5th floor, then was saved by just one kiss full of Joker love.When Waller found out Enchantress betrayed, she stabbed its heart multiple times, but didn't destroy it at all (!!) so that Enchantress could retrieve it later effortlessly and revive. If Waller simply destroyed that heart, the movie wouldn't happen. There were no character development and some characters were treated like trash. Slipknot as a Suicide Squad member appeared just to be killed disgracefully right at the beginning. Boomerang is also an insignificant character because the movie wouldn't change at all with or without him.Joker heroically appeared to save Harley Quinn just to be shot down immediately. Isn't he smart???Enchantress's brother, a Godlike being who devastated a whole city, was killed in an instant with a bomb that barely punched a hole on the ground.Almost all scenes with Waller were unpalatable, awkward, and anticlimactic, especially the ending of the final boss was defeated. Can David Ayer make the lasting moment of his movies less suck???Overall, I can't stand this state of plummeting movie standards anymore. I would vote a 1 and encourage everyone not to see it.
bad Countless Historical & cultural mistakes 0/10(1) A Jewish guy named OMAR!!! Hahahaha (2) Brilliant detective was taking out by the least intelligent guy in the movie! (3) Jewish suicide bombers!! That was funny. (4) Hitler and his top guns went to watch a movie downtown Paris!!! With two guards at the door. !! shoot me. (5) Brad Pitt overacted and it was painful to watch him. (6) Mr. QT is re-writing history, "Hitler was killed in a theatre really!" the funny thing about this is that people "and I mean stupid people" will actually believe this plot. And finally can any one tell me, how this movie made it to the top 250 movies of all time!!! Shame shame shame, still wondering how can anyone like this movie.
bad So many fans, so little to show for it.  I know, I know, these words are gonna find me in a great minority.  A lot of people really liked Good Will Hunting.  But seriously please, great film making, not even close, and let's put the blame where it belongs...  in the writing.Now, I know they won an oscar for it, and boy did they look good emoting on the screen.  But Good Will Hunting is an ABC after school special with lots of cursing in it, and a slightly bigger budget.What this movie does show, is the brilliance of Harvey Weinstein and Miramax Pictures. Mr. Weinstein could take manure, feed it to you, and make you believe your eating bon bons.  And that's exactly what the studio did with the film. They created such high faluttin buzz around it, that people believed, and wanted to believe it so much --- that they saw brilliance where there was none.Now, I know some people think it's a great movie, I don't think it's a horribly bad movie, I like to compare it to more in the middle of the road movies, and also to some great Made for TV movies (although, not HBO films, HBO films are unusually better than Good Will Hunting would ever be.) It's just a nice, little film, with some good performances, Robin Williams was not good in it, they just gave him the oscar cause the'd been itching to do it for a while.  And of course, the Miramax public relations machine secured Ben and Matt their screenwriting oscar... but come one people... there's better movies out there thatn GWH.
bad Incendies is based on the play by Wajdi Mouawad. The film is a Canadian film in French and Arabic with English subtitles. Going into the theatre to see Incendies, I really knew nothing about it. I had not read any of the reviews that came out, but I had heard from the television news shows that it was supposed to be very good and now with a Best Foreign Language Film Oscar, I assumed that it was going to be a really good film. I decided not to read anything about the plot before I saw the film because these days I find that so many critics gave away too much crucial information of the films in their reviews that when you finally do see the film it does not have the same affect on you. So having known nothing about Incendies and then watching the story unfold before my eyes was quite an experience and I would recommend you do the same if you are at all inclined to go see it. Other than the film's director Denis Villeneuve, I was not familiar with anybody else who appeared in the film, or worked on the sides, but I must say that they all did a fantastic job. This is the type of film that when you are watching it, you are not quite sure what will happen, or how the climax, or the ending will come, but when it does, it makes sense to you and leaves you with a multitude of feelings. At times Incendies was not always the most easy film to watch, not because it was overly violent, or graphic because I thought everything was handled in a very tastefully done way, but it still sucks so much emotion out of us and we get to care so much for the characters and what they are going through as we watch it before our eyes, that we can not help but feel sad, enraged, or even physically ill watching it at times. I should clarify that the film does deal with some of the goings on with the Middle East and the wars, tension and prejudices that came out of some of those wars and moments of terror that people at that time and still are going through. I also liked how when dealing with such a tricky and controversial subject matter such as this that as I mentioned it was all very tastefully done and none of it felt like you were watching a Hollywood movie. I think if this had been a big budget, big name star movie extravaganza, then it probably would not have worked. The reason it works so well as it is, is because the fact that it is so character driven and deals with events that have gone on in the past and in some similar and different ways are still going on today. The film felt personal to me. It felt like the people involved with the film had something to say and instead of sugar coating everything and making it an easily watchable film with a feel good portion of it, it instead goes for all your emotions and in a sense almost takes you on the journey and the personal trials and tribulations that the characters in the movie have gone on and understandably we can almost feel their pain, exhaustion and hurt because the performances have this sense of believability and authenticity to them, that everything we see them go through feels like the real thing and the way they handle each situation is believable and not far fetched at all. The characters in the film give us something to believe in because they are searching for the truth and will go to many lengths to find it, even if at times it is difficult, or even dangerous and the amount of honour and pride they carry with them to set out someone's wishes is truly remarkable. This is an incredibly powerful film that as I mentioned, does put you through an array of different emotions, but I did not mind that because I felt I could connect with the characters more because of this. The look and feel of the film is not big budget or fake looking, which makes all the interior and exterior shots look real and further enhancing the emotions, or moods we are supposed to feel in each scene. The acting by everyone involved is all terrific here as well and this is just a really well put together film with a great cast and director and wonderful material to work and mold into this brave, haunting and yet life changing experience. I have not seen any of the other Best Foreign Language Film Oscar nominees, but having just seen Incendies now, I would say that it has a good chance of winning because of how masterful and great it is. Do not just take my word for it, go and see it when it opens in a theatre near you. This is certainly one of the best films of 2010.
bad One thing that has always irritated me as a high school student is Disney's portrayal, in its various programming, of what high school is like. For the most part, Disney gets it TERRIBLY WRONG, and this is immensely evident in "High School Musical." I mean, don't get me wrong, not a day goes by at my school without a fat girl standing up to sing about how her true dream is to dance, but, seriously, its just totally inaccurate. The characters poorly represent actual high school students in that real students actually act their age, are mature, and aren't borderline mentally retarded (Okay, most real high school students aren't immature and mentally retarded). Disney really needs to do more research on high school environments. As for the quality of the movie: The music is...okay. Not too great, but withstandable. Its the singing, acting, plot line, characters, and dialogue that causes one when watching this movie to eat their hands just to distract them from this melting pot of caterpillar excrement. Just awful. Many, MANY things in this "musical" made absolutely NO sense. (1) So what if someone wants to dance or some basketball player wants to bake an array of various pastries or participate in a school production and lip sync to computer dubbing? The entire school is not going to conspire to keep them from doing so by transmitting video using laptop computers and hidden cameras! What the hell? It doesn't even make sense how they were able to do that. (2) Why would two siblings (Ashley Tisdale and her effeminate brother I seriously would love to punch in the face repeatedly) EVER want to sing about how they love each other in a musical? Not to mention, not even the most socially retarded human being acts like Ashley Tisdale's character. (3) The dear sweet happy ending in which the whole school burst into song will have you emptying your stomach contents due to its unbelievable predictability. (4) FOR GOD'S SAKE, NO drama teacher is so AWFUL enough as to not let them tryout at another time for the play when they have to miss it for other things, like a STATE CHAMPIONSHIP! Teachers in the real world tend to have souls, after all! Who wrote this thing? Does he have a clue of how high school works?All in all, it's typical, Disney Channel, low-budget, shallow film that doesn't make any sense plot wise and has no qualities of a well written musical. And for the love of god, Disney, get inside a high school and see what it is really like before you spit out another "teen drama" that causes cancer of the mind when it is watched.
bad With stilted dialogue, bad acting, a predictable plot and sub-par special effects, Ready Player One feels like another bland, boring action movie like Black Panther, yet the movie somehow manages to be worse. It's lead character is painfully bland and uninspired just like everyone else in the movie. The dialogue is stilted at best and cringeworthy at its worst. The only redeemable quality of this movie is the concept of the oasis, but somehow the movie manages to mess that up to, leaving the first 15 or so minutes of the movie to explain the viewer its history and purpose, yet the world doesn't feel real at all, the characters visit 5 or so locations in the oasis, making it feel small instad of the huge universe that it should be. The performances are either terrible or mediocre, even Simon Pegg manages to be mediocre. Every character (with one exception) is one dimensional and bland, especially the main lead and the antagonist who have no motivations for anything they do and are extremely unlikeable and un-relatable. Overall Ready Player One is a boring, dull action movie, with little redeeming qualities and a predictable plot. 2/10
bad Story line: what story line? - Wasted really good characters. Literally just threw them in this big pile of crap. - Should've just made the movie about the joker and harley quinn. Perhaps a cameo by deadshot instead of this 123min waste of time and money. - Joel Kinnaman... why? seriously, who the hell put this guy in the movie? - clichés. clichés everywhere. - the ending was good. because I finally got to go home, watch netflix and forget about this horrible, horrible thing.Please, do not watch this movie at the movie theater. Not even at home. Just make a new movie in your head and pretend that this one does not exist. Trust me, whatever you imagine gets an Oscar compared to this thing.I love movies, and consider myself with a decent amount of knowledge to rate a movie and this, my friends, is a total disappointment.
bad I found this film to be very sleep worthy, in fact I had to check the plot afterwards as I kept dozing off. Very cheesy American human interest story about the relationship between two brothers was its central theme. The sci-fi was badly thought out and made Gerry Anderson look like an expert. The highlight for me was when the baddie was revealed to be a disciple of Trump. I left the cinema muttering 'we should have invested more in renewable energy'.
bad Well the plot is very good to be honest and the acting is also fairly good. But One thing happens in these type of movies time and time again. The good guy kills the baddie who has a big gun. What would you do to get the other baddies?..that's right pick up the dead baddied gun and go on a baddie killing spree, But this movie like most other forget the obvious and the good guy leave the gun and ops for a stick!!The director should be REALLY ashamed..
bad Jesus, where to begin. Completely juvenile, rabbit trails galore, slow moving, get to the firkin point. The way the scenes drag and the endless explaining and talking. This movie was so distasteful, predictable and irritating. First of all, Foxx was miscast, he does not do period well, at all, totally unbelievable here, after years of slavery he's suddenly the fastes gun in the west, PLEASE! The music, what are we to make of the modern day music with the period events here, you can't take any of it seriously. I had to laugh was so absolutely silly and out of place. I have lost all respect for writer/director, the actors I can only hope were in it for the money, but they lose my vote now too.Open your EYES folks, for god sakes this is all about bringing division, "I wanna shoot white people and get paid for it". WOW, talk about the globalist elite wanting to distract and divide, this is one of their vehicles. Good for you Hollywood and Washington DC, add another notch to your ugly crown.
bad Yesterday I finally saw the great Oscar winner of 2005, and I can say that "Million Dollar Baby" really deserves the awards of best film, director, lead actress and supporting actor, and even the prize of lead actor in the hands of Clint Eastwood would not be a mistake of the Academy: Ben Kinsley and Jamie Foxx were great, but in a whole I would have given the award to Clint Eastwood.The story is very simple and real: Maggie Fitzgerald (Hilary Swank), a poor thirty-one years old waiter from the very lower classes and with a dysfunctional loser family, decides to make a difference through the box. She convinces the experienced hardened box trainer Frankie Dunn (Clint Eastwood) to couch her and be her manager, with the support of his old partner Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris (Morgan Freeman), who sees her potential as a boxer. Frankie has a problem of relationship with his daughter, and practically adopts Maggie along her career, until she is seriously wounded in a fight for the championship and he has to take a decision.This unpleasant and sad theme, in the hands of another director, might have become corny. But the awesome Clint Eastwood deals with such touching story without final redemption, very realistic, making a future unforgettable classic in the genre. The characters and the dramatic situation are perfectly developed, and in the end, the viewer becomes sad, but never depressed. My vote is ten.Title (Brazil): "Menina de Ouro" ("Golden Girl")
bad I have NEVER posted a review on IMDb before and I'm so sorry to inform you that this movie was so bad, I HAD say something! It might have been watchable but there was absolutely NO way that I could get past Charlize's horrible HORRIBLE British accent! Thank God for her beauty.Next, KRISTEN STEWART was just terrible! How she got the lead in this only God knows! Completely emotionless and a very laughable "pumping up" speech at the end. And WHY oh WHY does she always have her mouth open? Every time she was on camera, she had an absentminded look with her mouth hanging open showing off her horse teeth! Its NOT pretty! It was just too awful to watch this movie, all I could see were Kristen's teeth the whole time.And William? Take him out of the movie and it would have worked out the same! His character was pretty much useless in the movie.
bad What happens when we take some of the strongest young talent around, mix it with a script that has limited use of some of the most recognized words in the English language, manages to avoid an NC 17 by some miracle and asks the audience to leave their brains outside? You get this offensive, tasteless, and mentally impaired movie.Loosely inspired by various comedies we have seen before but without any redeeming quality or grace, we witness a family that hasn't somehow killed any of its members, treat each other with the utmost disrespect and seems only concerned with coming up with the next opportunity to use foul language supposedly to keep the audience believing something funny is happening. I'm not against hearing a colorful word, but it's like using spices in the right amount, and pretty soon we're burned and bored.Here's a movie that makes the younger generation look pretty useless and dumb, Hawaii becomes a rather plain scenario because all of its charms disappear as we are confronted with every possible display of vulgarity and ignorance. There's not a single clever, cute, or funny moment. Well, maybe the reconciliation of one of the couples is a fresh moment of fresh air but that can't overcome the prevalent stench.There are issues with the proper use of language, too. As far as I know there was a man in the massage scene, but people kept using the feminine term. If that slipped by, I wonder if it was just intentional or just another instance of the effort to come up with anything memorable. All through the movie I was waiting to for a surprise since Zach and Anna were there, or maybe some of the inspiration would follow one of the leads from his hit TV show. An absolute waste of time, money, and talent. Stay away.
bad Good cast. Good cinematography. Totally implausible script. Hey sign up for the humanity saving cutting edge experiment then act surprised when the experiment works. Ridiculous through two thirds of the movie. Also a Land Rover commercial which I don't mind. The phrase straight to DVD is now straight to Netflix.
bad Grade: FRating: R, 1 hour 44 minutes of tortureIn a Nutshell: It's bad. There are moms. And it's Christmas.I'm a mom, but CLEARLY I'm not the target audience for this trashy attempt at a comedy."Christmas is, by far, the most stressful time of year for moms," explains Mila Kunis' character. Yep. While that's very true, that's no excuse for the horrible behavior these irresponsible, obnoxious, rude moms engage in. Yes, extreme absurdity has long been a formula for comedy, but 80% of the jokes in this sequel are super raunchy, and the other 10% are simply not funny.There's no talk about the true meaning of Christmas. None of the women in this film seem to even know anything about Christ or what kind of behavior He expects from His followers.Uplifting theme: Mother/Daughter relationships Family is most important.Things I liked: Kenny G! Christine Baranski is such a critical, evil mother. She's great in all of her movies and even sings a little in this one. Surprise cameoThings I didn't like: The writing is terrible. None of the characters are capable of uttering a sentence without some kind of profanity in it. Lots of fighting. Why is that funny? Kristen Bell is so talented. Why would she ever want to be in such an awful movie? Oh yeah.money. Kathryn Hahn's character is so foul. Her role was the stand-out in the first Bad Moms movie, so they really went over-the-top with her in this one. Everyone is so critical of everyone else. I hate listening to kids scream and cry in movies. Lots of slow-motion musical montages. These moms sure have a lot of spare time to hang out with each other and get drunk a lot. Instead of the "feel good" song at the end, a dirty Santa does a strip tease in front of the entire family. Mila Kunis manages to push out a tear in what is supposed to be the big emotional scene of the movie, but the dialogue was uninspired and droll.Interesting Lines: "It's like a giant stress ball from Christmas to New Years." – Amy (Mila Kunis) "Trust me. Some day she will thank me in an inspirational speech in some large, public venue." – Amy's mother (Christine Baranski) I laughed out loud at that line, because I think every mother secretly has the same wish. Tips for parents: About 45,362 F-bombs. Even an adorable little girl uses it. Other profanity and extremely crude language. LOTS and LOTS of talk of sex, as well as imitating sex with clothes on. Moms smoke marijuana. Women kissing women. The moms commit various crimes. A bunch of Santa Clauses strip on a stage. Nude man on a waxing table (private parts hidden). MOVIE REVIEW MOM@trinaboice
bad Aren't you bored by zombies yet? In RPGs, they are the lowest of the low, even skeletons are more of a threat. Why don't we ever get horror series about ghouls, mummies, wights, wraiths, heck, especially liches? So yes, despite one expecting Van Helsing to fight, y'know... vampires... this series, taking place in the "far flung" future of 2019 (seriously?) has our now female vampire slayer awaken from a coma to find herself in badly decorated bunkers with no-name soldiers who fight against "the infected". As you can guess from the name, these are not even real, supernatural undead - just people who dress like hobos, have crazy hair, black marks around the eyes, and run around screaming a lot. Oh and they can easily be killed by gunfire, and do not have weapons. HOW did these things defeat humanity exactly? Other than the tired and overdone premise, which lacks the supernatural element people would expect from the title, we have bad acting, unmemorable boring soldier characters, and a setting that looks like it was filmed in an abandoned tunnel and a warehouse, with blood effects so bad that I have seen better in Asylum movies. I hope this gets cancelled right away. The fact the Wikipedia page barely has any data on the show should have been a warning sign not to check this one out...
bad So this is the animated movie that came out of nowhere and got a bunch of people of talking all because of it's trailer. Let me tell you right now, the red-band trailer for this movie is funnier than the movie itself. And the whole reason the trailer made me laugh was because at first it looks like a regular animated movie, then the swearing and sex jokes happen. Speaking of which, this movie is nothing but swearing and sex jokes, oh and stereotypes. Because writing personalities for animated characters is so difficult, almost every character is just a walking stereotype. The bagel's Jewish, the lavash is Muslim, the sauerkraut is a Nazi, are you laughing yet?!? That is the extent of this movies "humor", it is literally just that. So if you think swearing and sex jokes is the pinnacle of comedy, then this'll be the funniest movie you've ever seen. However, if you're above the age of 14, then this movie will just exist, exist and not be funny in the slightest. This movie only made me chuckle twice, I laughed more during "The Theory of Everything", and I'm pretty sure that movie wasn't a freakin' comedy!!! This is without a doubt the worst animated movie I've seen, and it's a shame that actors like Edward Norton had to be in it. I can't wait for the eventual sequel where all the food comes to the real world and interacts with their voice actors, won't that be hilarious?! Does anybody else think that the makers of this movie paid off top critics to give this positive reviews? Because I honestly can't understand why anyone who's old enough to see an R-rated movie would find this funny at all.
bad for those of you who seem to think this movie is terrible, you are quite closed minded. just as you have grown up with the originals, many children have grown up with this movie, i myself being one of them. this movie came out when i was seven i stil find just as enchanting now as i did then. i also grew up with the originals from my parents and still enjoy those. the old black and white films are not going to appeal to every child out there, which this movie was targeted at. in my opinion, this movie was meant to slightly bridge a generation gap. parents wanted their children to see this movie and, yes, relive their own nostalgia. it was marketed towards the kids and you have no right to judge a movie that you haven't grown up on and have seen as an adult. perhaps if you were a child when it first came out, you would appreciated a little more. i think it was a great idea for the film makers to remake these classics because it does bridge the generation gap a little bit more. obviously those of you that have seen it, its because of you nostalgia towards the old ones, or because of you children. either way, you should have great respect for those who inspired this movie. that future children will be able to enjoy it. i hope they do keep making remakes so one day my children can enjoy them as much as i have. their are some movies that you can't compare remakes to, one of them is casablanca. worst comparison ever.
bad I expected some profanity, but I had read reviews of this movie in advance and some noted the powerful "chemistry" between the actors. Well, maybe I was too distracted by the over-the-top vulgarities at times to notice the chemistry. To me, the actors all seemed to be trying too hard to time their lines...they were 'acting' and I was all too painfully aware of that the script was way too forced.For some reason I endured almost an hour of this movie. I kept thinking that maybe I just could't ..it didn't. End of story.
bad Four talking points.Overall.This movie belongs to a recent born herd of movies who are embedded, almost drowned in all the references and quotes that, in the writers' mind, should make the spectators squirm in uncontrolled happiness. That may work if the story can hold the movie together, and that's just not the case.The number of this movies is increasing and it's a worrying thing.Pacific Rim : Uprising unceremoniously throws you in a Episode VIII-ish carousel of ill-placed, badly executed references from the previous movie. The poor writing lets boredom seep into the movie through planet-sized plot holes that quite admirably manage to furrow in disbelieving thought even the dumbest kid's brow.A lacklustre CGI, along with a annoying cinematography, a truly forgettable soundtrack and a horrific screenplay contribute to create a completely obscene movie, which is so boring that watching the grass grow for the rest of your life would seem a far more palatable activity than give this movie a second chance.Pacific Rim : Uprising is a collage of dull scenes quite badly glued together, a movie which is tragically deprived of whatsoever emotional impact. A twelve hour straight Pac-man gameplay can create more hype and has a far stronger emotional impact than this movie.A total disappointment.CGIPacific Rim's CGI was truly something. It admirably managed to convey the power, the bulkiness and the mechanical presence of the robots, the raw power of every hit, the slightest nuances of any movement made by a giant robot that was driven by humans. It was a rare jewel.In Uprising the CGI is disappointing. Lacklustre, cheap and badly melded with the rest of the scene. There are no more three-dimensional, giant robots made of moving, bruised iron plates, or solid, bulky steel giant mechas with a weight, or some realistic, a bit sluggish movements.They look like toys, their parts, gears and plates plain and stiff, barely moving. Robots are light, unrealistically quick and agile models. The design of the robots is pretty lazy and uninspired, and really reminds me of some cheap plastic robot action figures.Their textures are also quite cheap.This gets a little better with the Kaijus, they are honestly cool.CinematographyThe dark, ominous tones of the first movie completely disappear. While this is not an intrinsically bad thing, it contributes to create a blindingly white, overall fake, aseptic scenery, that while it's understandable given the setting of this movie, in my opinion is irritating.The already excessive holographic colour fest of the Jaegers' HUDs of the first movie is unnecessarily amplified here, it almost gave me an headache. Truly bothersome.Storytelling.Here we go.The lack of chemistry between the characters, due to a criminally low level of writing, is the true common thread of the movie. The characters are dull, their backstories already heard in every action movie released so far.Their development in the movie is either non-existent or plainly wrong.The human reactions are somewhat odd, not quite believable.Funnily enough, some of the lines unwillingly probe the screenplay and expose it's flaws, but it's a bitter laugh.The whole screenplay features horrible, cheesy lines that would have seemed ridiculous even in an '80s action movie featuring Steven Seagal. The screenplay is truly awful and predictable , every subplot is either forgotten or comes to conclusion in no more than 20 minutes. There is a good thing in this screenplay, there's a thing I'd never expected and that truly caught me off guard, but it's not enough. I'm fairly sure I didn't see that coming cause I got distracted when the usher reprimanded a kid who'd put his feet on the seat in front of him.An inch higher than Independence Day 2, but well, it's not really a compliment.Cringe soars to unrivalled heights with a reference to the salt bae.Good thing : Cailee Spaeny's acting is really good.
bad No other films in the world have produced such sharp, raw, gritty and atmospheric yet absolutely beautiful cinematography as those directed by the Italian director, the great Sergio Leone. Audiences around the world saw first hand the power and influence "A Fistful Of Dollars" bought to the world. It made a director famous, a young Clint Eastwood a household name and the Western more popular than it had ever hoped to be since the master works of John Ford. However, Sergio Leone bought with him a whole new sub-genre - a whole new style - and the Western had never looked darker and grittier. 'The Man With No Name' bought with it a whole new meaning to a heroic protagonist. There was no more good guy/bad guy, but only a survivalist type - ignorant and self indulgent, yet still moral and fair, tough and smart and damn good with a gun. The world fell in love with him and anticipated its sequels which only became more violent, atmospheric and realistic and gave the authentic true feeling of the West.It is why I consider 'Once Upon A Time In The West' to be Sergio's definitive masterpiece. He took everything that he ever felt about the West and made some of the most intriguing 3 hours of film ever produced. The budget had never been bigger. The plot had never been more riveting. The music and setting had never been more epic and the cinematography had never been more powerful. This film is perfect, start to finish!This time our premise intersects the stories of five people - yes five people - and it is brilliantly crafted. And this time it isn't a chain smoking son of a gun without a name that carries the film, but rather a female prostitute. This isn't the 'Rocky Horror Picture Show', so please continue reading. The plot revolves around a certain family and its moist establishment in the middle of a desert with hopes for it to one day be a thriving town with a railway station. It is this future town that brings our five protagonists into relation. The family is murdered by a gang led by Frank (Henry Fonda) who works the hit-man for a corrupt railway boss who wants the town out of the way so he can reach the coast and view the sea before he dies. However, unaware of her arrival, Jill (Claudia Cardinale) - the family's patriarch's fiancée - comes to claim her property and therefore possesses a threat to the railway boss. Meanwhile a man with no name nicknamed 'Harmonica' (he always plays a Harmonica before making a kill) has come to town looking for Frank for personal reasons. Charles Bronson nails the role with extreme prejudice. Also a fugitive going by the name of Cheyenne (Jason Robards) assists in his journey to prove his innocence regarding being the wrongly accused murderer.No spoilers, but just an assurance that this film will blow you away. It is impossible to comprehend the overwhelming powerful epic experience in one sitting. This is what motion pictures are meant to be. Masterful storytelling, a larger than life score by the brilliant Ennio Morricone, cinematography yet unmatched and a cast made in heaven. Performances from all the actors are some of the best you will ever see.It is films like these that redefine genres and that honorable of all words, a 'classic'. Prove me wrong. For those who experienced it, I hope it has impacted you in much the same way it has me. Upon its release, this film was unsuccessful, because the world wanted another Clint Eastwood picture. But they couldn't see for a mile what was coming. Sergio Leone is platinum. May the force be with him...........always!
bad I don't even know where to begin. This movie is such a waste of time and is beyond stupid. It was supposed to have a deep meaning I guess, but overall it looked rather ridiculous than the one with substance.The movie is about this girl Sam who supposedly lives this perfect life and has perfect friends. However, she gets into car crash, dies and now relives the last day of her life. Sounds quite interesting, right? Unfortunately, the movie is totally pointless and at times even ridiculous. So everything starts with Sam waking up in her room and telling us that her last day has started. Plot seems intriguing from this point as she meets up with her friends who happen to be very mean popular girls. However, Sam gets along with them very well and everything appears to be just perfect. While in school, her friends start bullying one girl who by the way looks like the one who just got out of mental hospital. We then see her at the party where she calls Sam and her friends 'bitches' and gets called 'psycho' in response. Sam and her 'mean' friends leave the party and get into car crash. Yet instead of dying, Sam wakes up in her room and realizes that she is reliving the last day of her life. At this point, I thought that now Sam would discover that her 'perfect' friends were not so perfect and that there was something with 'psycho' girl. Maybe she knows something about Lindsay, the leader of 'mean' girls clique? However, she doesn't. Apparently, this 'psycho' girl used to be friends with Lindsay. She knows that Lindsay used to wet her bed, yet Juliet (psycho girl) is the one who gets bullied because Lindsay told everyone that Juliet was the one who wetted the bed. Despite the fact, that it's quite ridiculous to get bullied for such thing, movie still seemed to continue exploring suicide and bullying themes which was the worst thing that could happen to a movie, in my opinion. Those are serious themes but they were presented in such banal and almost parody-like way that it got me really annoyed. Bullied girl not only did look like psycho, but also was bullied for ridiculous thing. The movie seemed to get better, when Sam decided to act the way she supposedly wanted and not to suck up to her fellows. She put on a sexy dress, dark makeup and spoke her mind. She called Lindsay egotistical, which was actually true, leaving her 'mean' friends shocked and annoyed. At this point, I thought that movie would explore what it's like being different and not being shallow mean girl. However, next day Sam 'wisely' decided that she needed to be kind to everyone around her. Does that mean that her 'dark' self was just a phase and she, in fact, like her friends? If that was a case, still, it's hard to believe that someone would like to be in a group of people who are so mean. The ending is just preposterous. Sam saves Juliet from suicide by pushing her out of the car's way and gets run over herself, dying immediately. Juliet turns back in shock, saying "Sam, you saved me!", Sam appears in the woods in a peaceful demeanor and says "No. You saved me". Her spirit supposedly moves on and she no longer relives her last day. So was the point of all this reliving for Sam to save Juliet from suicide and then die because Sam was just the root of all evil? Even though Sam made up with all characters in the movie and tried to change things? Does it mean that even though you try to change things for better, death conquers all? Also, another ridiculous line from a movie: "How is it possible to change so much and not be able to change anything at all?" Sums up movie for me. Sam died in a car crash, was given a chance to change things I guess and yet died again although she saved Juliet from suicide. Totally pointless... Furthermore, characters in the movie are one-sided, everybody is just either good or evil. 'Mean' girls are always evil while her childhood friend who is in love with her is plainly good.To sum up, absolute waste of time... 1/10
bad It's pretty sad people call this art. This was just disgusting. I'm not a person who dislikes gore, I can stand it, and I like it. I'm not some animal rights pusher (I support it, but if it were me or the dog, the dog would die.) Now this was just truly disgusting and cruel. They did things to these animals that is so (I want to cry) horrible. I just think "What was the unimaginable pain of that muskrat, or the turtle, or the monkey." And f***ing a v*gin* with a wooden stake, WTF! Who sits down and comes up with this, and if you do, you don't film it. I love artistic movies like The Tracey Fragments and The Blair Witch Project, but this was by no means "art". This was a journey through a disgusting slaughterhouse. What saddens me is that you people act as if it weren't real. Well honey, those animals died for you entertainment. Now that's what i call "art"
bad I like the 4 actors in the leading roles, and that was why I went to watch this, even though I suspected it would be bad.And yeah, it was bad. Not only the plot overall, where literally nothing happened. At all. Basically, every scene, and almost every line of dialogue was stupid and/or weird (and not the funny kind of weird). IMDb has it classified as "Adventure, Comedy, Romance", but I saw no adventure at all, and barely any romance; and the comedy in it was like... well, a parody of a parody, or something like that. And believe me, I am the type of person, who actually loves the "silly and cute" type of comedies (for which I am often labeled as "shallow"). But this was too silly even for my tastes. Most of the time it was just stupid, rather than silly. And even the moments that were supposed to be cute had enough cringe worthy elements in them, that the fun and that "aww" feeling in them was ruined. And I'm not a prude. I have laughed at this kind of humor before, and have had lots of fun watching movies that use it. But it has to be done well. Here, it wasn't. The writers didn't do a good job, period. Not even a decent job. It made those 4 actors look bad and they (mostly) don't deserve it. I know they're better than that.
bad The divorcée Rachel Watson (Emily Blunt) commutes every day to New York by train and watches the old house where she lived with her husband Tom Watson (Justin Theroux) through the window. Rachel is an alcoholic and sterile woman that frequently has blackouts and shares an apartment with her friend Cathy (Lura Prepon). Tom is married with Anna Boyd (Rebecca Ferguson) with the baby Evie. Their babysitter is Megan Hipwell that lives with her husband Scott (Luke Evans) in the same neighborhood in the suburb. Rachel admires Megan and Scott since she believes they are the perfect couple. However Megan is a promiscuous woman that has affairs with many men including her psychiatrist Dr. Kamal Abdic (Édgar Ramírez). When Rachel sees Megan kissing another man on the balcony of her house, she decides to have a conversation with Megan after drinking in a bar. However she has a blackout and awakens with bruises in her apartment. Soon she learns that Megan is missing and Detective Riley (Allison Janney) that is in charge of the investigation visits Rachel to interrogate her since the neighbors had seen an alcoholic woman wandering in the area. However Rachel does not recall what she did that night. Rachel decides to investigate the case and has dreadful discoveries about her life and Tom. Who might be the killer?"The Girl on the Train" is a thriller with a good story but terrible screenplay. The characters are not well-developed and despite the great performance of the wonderful Emily Blunt, her character Rachel Watson is a complete mess. Megan and Scott Hipwell, Anna and Tom Watson, and Dr. Kamal Abdic are also one-dimensional characters. The non-linear screenplay could be better and better, but instead of suspense and tension, gives the sensation of a soap-opera. In the end, "The Girl on the Train" is a film with great potential and cast but wasted by a poor screenplay and inadequate direction. My vote is five.Title (Brazil): "A Garota no Trem" ("The Girl on the Train")
bad I would like to start by saying no. Just no. Oh my gods No! Josh Trank, I assume your name is short for 'Tranquilizer', yes? I cannot think of a single thing that can save this film. Kate Mara, you are gorgeous and a wonderful actress and I admire your work and, most importantly, I hope this willfully awful thing has not destroyed your career.So: Script = No. Direction = No. Characters = No (which is odd, because the Fantastic Four are great characters, and yet you have managed to get a 'no' with them. Remarkable!). Miles Teller = No. Josh Trank = No. Even for cereal commercials, no.Recast the original Fantastic 4 movie and reboot THAT. What you have done is bad. I'm stunned. This was worse than Batman & Superman vs Storytelling, and you can read my review on that travesty on IMDb to learn just how badly you have done!
bad I really don't see any point in making live action movies from cartoons. I liked very much the "Speed Racer" cartoon, but this wasn't nothing like the cartoon. It was closer to atrocious films as "Spy Kids" and "Shark Boy and Lava Girl" rather than the original "Speed Racer":-The visuals are terrible, mostly because of the CGI overload, as it was something directed by Robert Rodriguez.-The performances were terrible and the characters were boring and flat (This may sound strange, but I think that the characters were more realistically portrayed in the cartoon) -The story was muddled, bland and boring.Finally, I just want to say that this movie was so dumb and bad, just like all the live action movies inspired in cartoons.
bad I watched this show after Riverdale last night and i must say i was impressed by how touching the show actually is i love Lucy hale and she truly shines on this shes charming likeable and super sweet i laughed out loud several times and cant wait to see next week a true winner of a show no doubt
bad Oh dear oh dear. Many people were excitedly waiting on this one given it was coming from the directors of the brilliant Inside, but now that its here it seems their slide has continued because that films greatness has never been echoed (particularly after the terrible Among The Living). Leatherface lacks any ember of dread, menace, tension, or thrills and an attempt to have us connect with just one character (the nurse) fails badly. I just didn't see the point of this film, I at least expected to get some kind of simmering, disturbing, sweats on the level of (say) Girl Next Door but there was none of that. The movie has an entirely overproduced mainstream feel to it (completely unlike the original) and while it has some punctuating gore (I guess they thought it was shocking) its done so matter-of-fact it has no impact whatsoever leaving this viewer sighing an unaffected meh. The inclusion of a cheap necro scene was both pointless and silly (another failed attempt to shock) and while I often love Stephen Dorff acting his attempts in this stinker made me cringe. The huge leap in the development of the character who becomes Leatherface also felt forced. One minute hes offering some kind of negotiable humanity and the next hes a brainless loon for the rest of his days apparently. I wont be watching this again, which speaks volumes given I've seen the original at least 6 times. Featherlace.
bad Let's put it this way, a massive amount of the population is simply stupid, horribly educated or too blatantly lazy to use their minds to think further than their next breath... This show was designed for them, aka the MTV fans...It is, honestly, the worst piece of mainstream TV ever produced. People who enjoy it are people who relate to the characters, who are borderline retarded, scummy and practically sub-human.The producers should be almost as ashamed as the actors. I say actors because SURELY there can't be people out there like this?If you can read, use a computer, do a maths sum, speak English properly and have some feint semblance of class then this REALLY isn't for you!If not, enjoy the glorified excuses for human life on this show.
bad (Rating: ☆☆ out of 4)This film is not recommended. In brief: The real crime is remaking this remake.GRADE: C+Hollywood rarely improves upon a remake, especially in the foreign film genre. Such is the case, once again, in Secret in Their Eyes. Based on its far better source, the 2010 Oscar- winning Argentine film bearing the same name, this version unduly complicates an already complicated plot with political corruption and a terrorist back-story that does little to enhance the story. Whereas, both films intermesh the crime tale with a love story between its two central characters, the American reboot fails to successfully engage its audience with the latter storyline. ￼Written and directed by Billy Ray, this film tells the story of an unsolved murder that has haunted its characters for over a decade. The filmmaker takes the essence of the earlier film and unlike that film, raises the stakes by wisely personalizes the murder this time around. Ray Caston and Jess Cobb are two FBI agents who arrive at the crime scene, only to discover that the victim is Jess's daughter, Carolyn. Her death haunts both agents over the years, including the acting DA, Claire, who happens to be Ray's unrequited love. Throughout the past 13 years, Ray continues to hunt for Carolyn's killer and believes he has finally found the culprit. He wants the case reopened and to also reopen his relationship with his object of affection as well.￼An interesting premise, but the crime story never builds to much excitement and the love story seems to go nowhere. A capable cast has been assembled with Chiwetel Ejiofor as the brooding detective assigned to the case. Even though the actor tries valiantly to add some depth to his weakly-drawn character, he still comes across as an unhinged vigilante rather than heroic cop. This character never seems realistic or believable as written, nor do any of the characters in this version. A miscast Nicole Kidman plays Claire as an ice princess type and has zero chemistry with Mr. Ejiofor. In fact, the only reason to see this remake is the powerful acting done by Julia Roberts as the grieving mother. The actress downplays her beauty and gives a remarkably nuanced performance that deserves Oscar consideration.￼As for the film itself, the script is muddled and the flashback format's choppiness doesn't help matters. One can only tell past versus present events by the hair and make-up aging process (or lack there of with Ms. Roberts). Some of the supporting characters (an unethical officer, the overly ambitious politician, the trusty sidekick, etc.) become stereotypes and the dialog is standard TV crime drama. Secret in Their Eyes is a crime thriller without much thrills. The murder mystery just does not blend with the love story and the moviegoer becomes its final victim. Rent the Argentine film instead to see how to skillfully combine both genres.￼NOTE: In my original review (June 3, 2010, go to archives in this blog to read it, if interested), I bemoan the fact back then that remakes are a less quality. Somethings just don't improve with age. Visit my blog at: www.dearmoviegoer.comANY COMMENTS: Please contact me at: jadepietro@rcn.com
bad So this movie is a sequel to the Divergent, pretty likable movie.The movie kinda starts where the last one left us, but the story turns very boring quickly.When it comes to some action, it's just plain horrible. So many clichés, but even worse. For example, a group of trained professionals shoots at people running towards the train. Shooters are basically hidden in the woods and shooting the runners, they don't hit anyone, but the runners shoot back (with no aim basically) and manage to shoot some. Facepalm #1.Later there is another scene where these "runners" are attacked by armed professionals. They appear in groups and descend on the roof of a building by some ropes, as they are shooting at these runners. They can't hit a single person out of three, although they are running away from them in a straight line. When they reach the roof, they keep shooting but miss every time.At this point I started laughing at the stupidity of it and left the cinema. Yes, it is THAT bad.
bad This movie had potential to be bigger than the rather 'bleak' 2005 version. I wasn't overly impressed with the younger cast but thought maybe they would take a different aspect on the film. I was also keen on how Dr. Doom would be portrayed and how he would influence the film as a villain. I couldn't be more wrong. -There was limited character back-story on the Fan 4 -There was no middle just a five minute climax at the end that was hardly gripping -The cringe-worthy quotes towards the end of the film were just punishing to watch -Dr. Doom looks like a Droid and goes completely insane over a minor issue and the movie doesn't quite explain why -Dr. Doom is also meant to be one of the most O.P characters in the comics but yet he seems to drop down to the levels of the Fan 4 in the final battle which previously you saw him destroy anything in his path previously. -Whats the go with Tim Nelson being in this movie seriously can they stop regurgitating actors from previously failed ' marvel ' movies and maybe have a fresh start for some characters, especially for someone with a mediocre role as he had -Not really a huge issue but very disappointingly no after credits scenes which are signature to marvel based moves ( even though it is owned by FOX ) The only reason I have given it a 3 is the visual effects, only for one character though. The Thing looked insane compared to the 2005 version, only problem was due to the short length of the movie he got limited time and whipped out some really punishing quotes towards the end of the movie. Also I did like Franklin Storm in this film, he was a breathe of fresh air...but again wasn't perfected pulling out some pretty cheesy lines.So overall it was a total dud, no background characterisation on the characters, if there was it was limited and to go along with the short running time, it was hard to watch. Dialogue was just really, really average and I spent a lot of time watching the movie with my hands on my head in agony.
bad Personally like the Turtles they are strong and there costumes are absolutely phenomenal even though people don't like them. But I see them as the only authentic thing in the movie and also the only thing that took time to be created.But as for the Girl who is supposedly the main character i think she needs to be given a common sense or killed in the second movie. That girl is a pain in the lower part of the back. trust me if the second installment is to be hailed as a great movie .That chick must die or become mute,which ever one gets her to shut her trap.Cause seriously her random screaming ain't workings for me.I give this movie a 3.for the Turtles and of course their swag.
bad It sucks that they had to put up a poster of this movie with Duke (Channing Tatum) and Joe (Bruce Willis) so grossly misleading when Duke showed up about what 10 mins or so then dies and Joe shows up when half of the movie is already finished, and not getting much burn at that (I should have known, how many of Willis's recent movies has been like this already). For an average movie goer like me (i'd like to think of myself like that) that doesn't normally go researching(goggling stuff) before watching a movie, I was sucked up by the poster itself expecting a whole lot of Duke and Joe in action. In my opinion, The Rock is not a bad actor himself but sadly he is not able to carry the movie by himself. I believe the movie producers/marketers or whoever is responsible for creating that misleading poster cheated people for their money. To be honest I am not sure I would be going to watch the movie in theater had I known I would be only getting this much, It's one of the movies I could have waited to be available on HBO\TV or on DVD. I did like the special effects though, especially the mountain action scenes.
bad Point 1: Coming home from 1st grade in 1973 and watching Speed Racer, Ultraman and Johnny Socko and his Flying Robot is one my most cherished childhood memories. The whole imagery, the music and the style lodged dreamlike feelings, mysterious aura and even a slightly haunting (I don't mean scary) impact into me as a child. For kids my age at that time, this was the first (and only for the time) intro to those big, overdrawn eyes from Japan, and there was just something...weirdly enticing about it. (I'll admit that Trixie was my first childhood crush...probably explains why I'm so screwed up today).Point 2: When released on DVD several years ago, I started to watch them again, 30 years later, and I'll admit, I was like....ummmmm...maybe I should have just left it alone. Just killed another cherished childhood memory, dude. BUT, watching them, even though I had to admit as an adult that the stories, dialog and animation sucked, watching them 30 years later STILL invoked those dreamlike sensations and mysterious aura, and I was glad for that.I cannot fathom how ANYONE, who either saw Speed Racer at age six in 1973 or never saw it, or saw at age 6 in 2003 even in the context of modernized entertainment, can like this movie. Like the original Speed Racer, it lacks decent dialog, a decent story, and believable action. But it commits the cardinal sin of making its action completely incomprehensible. Yes, the original Speed had preposterous physics, with cars going straight up mountains, sideways along cliffs, and bad animation with nothing more rotating backdrops behind a static Mach 5 with spinning wheels. But even a 6-year-old like me knew what was going on! You know that a filmmaker is either lazy or don't know what they're doing when each shot averages about .3 nanoseconds in length. Did someone get crazy with the editing scissors or they just didn't know how to construct good, coherent action. I never once felt involved in the action sequences, much less could follow them.Some have complained that this movie is too bright, uses too many colors, and should have an epileptic seizure warning, but that was the least of my beefs. Yes, I did jokingly say after it was over, "Too many colors...I need aspirin", but it wouldn't have been so bad if I could follow what the hell was actually going on.The BIGGEST SIN of this movie?????.....They KILLED the Theme Music!!!! Where was it???? That was the best part of the original Speed Racer Cartoon!!!! ARGGGGG!!!!!! And I don't want to hear some excuse like it is "dated", kids today would like, etc. etc.....My daughters (6 and 11) watch the old Speed Racer cartoons with me and they love that song!!!!!
bad This truly was a badly constructed movie lacking in imagination and any shred of humanity. Well, not quite. The humanity was distributed racially according to current Hollywood standards of what are the superior and inferior races.The whites, are generally rather silly or in some cases, outright evil. The chief bad guy is a white adviser to the an idealized President Obama played by Danny Glover who played Danny Glover perfectly. The chief good guys are the president's daughter and black adviser - the latter who is the only character who seems to have some roots in being a human. The others do not.Instead, they are as stereotyped as any 1930's movie, but with different characteristics more or less. The theme is a rush to board savior ships due to the end of the world about to occur. The occupants of the ships will be few compared to the billions about to die. These lucky few come from two pools - the world 'leaders' and their cronies as well as a few who can buy tickets costing roughly $1,500,000,000 each. Some of the wealthy who've bought their tickets are Arabs. Upon noting this, the *good guy*, the black guy, sneers out something like, "Is this the type of gene pool we wish to preserve?" saying more about the culture of Hollywood than Arab culture.At one point, a character makes the important point that the savior ships should contain primarily young people who are robust enough to be pioneers and also have the ability to reproduce. Then, a bit later, we see the ancient Queen of England entering the ark ship with her dogs. So much for rational allocation of ark space. In fact, these aren't the only dogs to make it aboard. The film emphasizes in many places how more important it is to save Paris Hilton's dog than any of the humans who are being drowned, ground to a smear, blown up, crushed by avalanches or incinerated. It gleefully shows worshipers gathered at the Vatican to listen to the pope dying as the Vatican crumbles crushing not only them but the pope, the College of Cardinals and others detested by today's Hollywoood. Yet Paris Hilton's dog, getting a good deal of screen time, survives.The Chinese are uniformly cruel inhuman automatons. The Tibetans are uniformly Highly Evolved Spiritual Beings. The whites are, as I said earlier, either idiots behaving like no human would possibly behave or pure evil who surely deserve to die along with the Roman Catholics, the Arabs, and the billions of others who aren't worthy.To give one of many examples of how idiotic and unrealistic the white humans are here, the main character finds his ex wife now seriously involved with a new guy. During the course of their escapades, the new guy dies horribly. The ex wife, not being a Highly Evolved Tibetan or soulful black, pays no mind to her lover's death but instead just flips back, without a second's hesitation, to mating up with the main character.This movie is pure propaganda and as all propaganda, it tells you more about the issuer of the propaganda than the ones targeted.
bad A double-bill of THE BEGUILED, Thomas Cullinan's source novel is a civil-war drama positing a tantalizing scenario where a wounded union soldier fetches up in a southern all-girls' school, nurtured to recovery by the apparently good-willed women but also subjected to temptations from female gazes and one false move, he will go through purgatory of his sorry life. The 1971 version is directed by Don Siegel, the third of his five collaborations with Clint Eastwood, who plays the Yankee Corporal John McBurney, and is discovered by a 12-year-old Amy (Ferdin, an absorbing talent), to whom he indulges with a peck on her lips, a blatant way to take away a child's first kiss (also pretty provocative by today's regressive yardstick), instantly, what Siegel hammers home to viewers is that he is not a humdinger, and through glimpses of fleeting flashback interleaved into the narrative, John emerges as a congenital liar, flippant and manipulative, currying favor from his petticoat accompany to slough from a possible fall of incarceration, whether it is Miss Marsha (Page), the headmistress of the seminary school, Edwina (Hartman), the virginal teacher to whom he claims his attraction, a nubile 17-year-old student Carol (Ann Harris), who is sexually active, even the slave Hallie (Mercer, a defiant soul hampered by her identity), cannot evade his come-ons. The advent of a hot-blooded albeit bedridden male inevitably causes an erotic disruption among the exclusive distaff clique, whose members are circumspectly secluded from the battlefield merely outside their perimeter and sexually repressed, for pert, callow girls, they are inclined to project John as a perfect specimen of their untested sexual allure versus the opposite sex, in the cases of Edwina and Carol, one is the prudish committed type and the other is a wanton nymphet. But the most complex character amongst them is no doubt Miss Marsha, whose incest past and subliminal lesbian proclivity get a full treatment in the audacious script and visual presentation, the latter is even coalesced with a flagrant religious connotation to soup up the film's maverick idiom. When the crunches arrives, a man's conceit in his potency is punished by blunt castration and signifies a rude awakening of the priapic worship. On top of his virile stallion credence, Clint Eastwood imbues a cunning, almost overweening facade which audience isn't familiar with, not cut from the same cloth from his hard-boiled tough-guy legend. Geraldine Page, emboldened by her matriarchal gravitas and demanding onus, doesn't shy away from any extraneous intrusion (the Union and the Confederacy alike) and builds a palpably beguiling tension through the mind games she plays with Eastwood yet holds the rein from stem to stern in unyielding resolution of taking the escalating situation in her own hands. Elizabeth Hartman, the fragile Oscar-nominated actress whose premature demise was a harrowing tragedy ripe for cinematic transposition, brings about something equally tangible and visceral as she is bedeviled by the discord between a man's promise and his action, but still holds out the last remaining benevolence out of her own impressionable nature. Crowned BEST DIRECTOR in Cannes, Sofia Coppola's remake is an aesthetically beguiling psychological intrigue, superbly recreates a mystical Gothic quaintness in the closing days of the civil war entrapped within the terrain of a majestic mansion of the antebellum south, which certainly is a scintillating upgrade from the 1971 version's sepia retro flair. But story-wise, Sofia's script not only eviscerates the role of Hallie (which is a double-edged sword since she claims that out of the respect of this sensitive issue, she doesn't want to tread lightly, but also can be easily accused of racially insensitive), but also leaves no allusions of all the taboo issues tackled in Siegel's movie, lesbian kiss, incest depravity and of course, that inappropriate kiss between a grown-up man and a teenage girl, are outright sanitized, and in fact, the whole story has been strenuously internalized, for instance, John's transgression, where is given a plausible justification in Siegel's film, is carried out in a slipshod manner, indicating that it is nothing less than a spur of horniness. Atmospherical over dramatic, it is beyond reproach that Coppola opts to tell the allegory with her own agent, but unfortunately, the resultant impact doesn't meet up with expectation, especially when juxtaposed with its far more entrancing antecedent. Nicole Kidman intrepidly takes the mantle from Ms. Page, and actualizes an extremely sensual sponge-washing scene with Colin Farrell's less forthcoming and more sympathetic portrayal of a soldier turns paraplegic when he is subjected to an ambiguous retribution out of the necessity of saving his life. Kirsten Dunst and Elle Fanning don't make a splash in the shoes of Hartman and Ann Harris respectively, save Oona Laurence, whose Amy, precisely captures a child's malleable mentality.So, the jury is out, the remake is humbled by the original, which is quite a shocker because on the paper, Coppola's feminine sensitivity seems to be more adept to parse this age-old gender axe battle than an action-inclined Mr. Siegel, again there is no sure thing in the film industry, and that is exactly why it keeps us intrigued every time.
bad Let me give you a quick synopsis of this movie. Ethan Hawke: "Blah blah blah blah blah." Judy Delpy (with French accent): "Blah blah blah blah blah." Actually, thats a little more interesting and doesn't take an hour and a half of your life, which you will wish you had spent doing something more interesting, like staring at the floor! Some of the shots of Vienna are nice, though it is too bad that the two self-involved, dull people keep getting in the way of them. If you like really boring vague conversations and listening to pretentious people try to be profound about life, love, etc., then you might like this movie. Otherwise you'll vomit on yourself (and maybe your girlfriend next to you, who is forcing you to watch it, and after you clean that up you'll break up with her, because you realize that she is also long-winded, vague, and pretentious, so the movie actually did some good by opening your eyes to that.) I kept waiting for the ax murderer to chop them up or aliens to kidnap them, anything to get them to shut up, but alas it never happened. Too bad.
bad Van Helsing is just as other people have posted. It is boring. The scripts and the acting are terrible. The context is ludicrous. I, like many other people, had been looking forward to this show. I actually watched the pilot and the first episode. I hoped that the pilot was a farce and the first episode would be much better. I was so wrong.All I can say is, "Syfy Channel - what happened to you?". I used to enjoy watching Syfy Channel series like Eureka, Warehouse 13, and, well, even Sanctuary. I guess those days of quality programming are completely over. The new shows this season are a complete waste of time and a waste of film. I can only think that Syfy is trying to save money by hiring cheap, inexperienced writers to write these shows.The idea of Van Helsing and the other series, Aftermath, are great. It is just too bad that the writing and acting are so awful! These shows are no better than the terrible Syfy films. Very sad!
bad Starts off like it will be interesting but only gets more ridiculous as it drags on.
bad I cannot believe that Rotten tomatoes gave this movie a score of 89% fresh. I would like to get a refund from the site. The movie is over the top trashy just to get laughs...totally failed. I cannot even give this 1 star. Acting is horrible. Filled with appalling stereo types. Don't waste your time.
bad I'll be upfront and warn those contemplating watching Jupiter Ascending that you need to go in with low expectations to enjoy the film. Unless your idea of what makes a film good is huge explosions, pretty characters prancing around in elaborate costumes and beautiful visuals. After all, who cares about plot, lines and pacing right?Jupiter Ascending is really very much a visual feast but nothing more than that. The action sequences are generally well paced and I applaud the fact that CGI for the actions were kept minimal. The costumes are stunning (as are the actors).Which is a great pity because, on paper, Jupiter Ascending really had potential.For a start, like all sci-fi films, Jupiter Ascending is ambitious in its storytelling. An entirely different reality of an alternative universe with its own ecosystem, species and history is created. There are soldiers spliced with animal DNAs such as Caine (Channing Tatum) who has some wolf in him and Stinger (Sean Bean) who has some bee in him (guess where they got their names from?). There was potential to explore and mine all that richness for more stories but this is undermined by the weak delivery of the first film in what the studios were probably hoping would be a new franchise.While the plot of Jupiter Ascending was hackneyed, it had pretty interesting characters whose backstories would have been fun for the audience to explore. I could have seen the many fanfiction pieces that fans would have spun off from the story of Caine, Jupiter and the Abrasax family. Let's be honest, the basic plot line of The Matrix, the film franchise that the Wachowskis are renowned for, was pretty cliché too – the story of a Chosen One who comes out of nowhere and whose destiny is to save the world. It was the treatment of this plot premise (as well as really cool action sequences and visuals) that made The Matrix such a groundbreaking series. Jupiter Ascending's basic plot premise was this too but the treatment was a complete letdown.The cast is also one that is renowned for not just their good looks but also their ability to act. Somehow though, the directors succeeded in not tapping on that ability. I can't help but wonder what kind of directions Andy and Lana Wachowskis gave Eddie Radmayne for me to give such an exaggerated and overly affected performance as Balem. It reminds me somewhat chillingly of how Natalie Portman almost killed her career with her expressionless and emotionless turn as Amidala in the Stars Wars prequel trilogy. At least Radmayne has The Theory of Everything that is out in the same season and that can probably help cushion the fallout from Jupiter Ascending.To the Wachowskis' credit, Mila Kunis and Channing Tatum have some chemistry. While their performances are not going to garner them any Oscars, they put in decent performances to, I think, ward off any Razzie nominations. It also helps that they are pretty easy on the eye. Apart from these three actors, it is hard to discern the performances put in by the rest of the cast as their characters do not appear to add to the story. It makes it difficult for one to give a fair critique of their performances hence I'll refrain from that here.Jupiter Ascending could also have been one of the few female-led action films that could have been a successful film franchise, showing that when female-led action films succeed, it's not necessarily a quirk. This would have been helpful in Hollywood's evolution (if you haven't figured out from my name, yes, I'm female).It also could have been the film that would have move the Wachowskis' career out of its current state where the siblings are now more renowned for the visual flash and bang in their films rather than the creative storytelling and treatment that was showcased in The Matrix.
bad is one of the best movies about evolution that I've seen but to understand it you have to pay attention from the beginning as always Scarlet did an amazing role also Morgan did as always amazing, I recommend it for those who like to talk about where we came from, how the planet Earth was created.
bad Imagine a completely humourless instalment of A Series of Unfortunate Events in which a young Count Olaf seduces Violet's dim-witted older cousin and takes her to live in his haunted red paint factory. Throw in some incest and a lot of graphic violence. Or skip seeing the movie and go straight to stabbing yourself in the eye with a fork.The plot is one long cliché - lonely young woman moons over handsome mysterious stranger, moves to isolated house where terrible secrets of the past emerge to the accompaniment of loud noises, scary music and special effects. Much blood is spilled before the heroine and her rescuer emerge slightly the worse for wear but still alive. The setting was depressing rather than eerily atmospheric. The acting was stilted and drab, the Edwardian era costuming shiningly synthetic. The special effects seemed designed primarily to showcase the amount of money and effort put into them.
bad I give "Spinning Man" two stars.. one each for the eye candy that is Odeya Rush and Alexandra Shipp, otherwise there is nothing else to see in this film. It probably could have played out better on the stage or even the radio - or basically just left it as a book. The sides must have been 800-pages long because all that happens is excessive yapping, and I bet the film's budget was mostly spent on throat lozenges for Guy Pearce to keep him from going hoarse during every scene. There's also subplots that do nothing to further the story (i.e. the mousetraps; Halloween scene with the daughter and police, etc) and just end up being a distraction (and an opportunity for more yapping).I don't mind psychological thrillers at all, and don't need body counts to be entertained, but this one is just too much talk with very little thrill.
bad People who rate this movie anything lower than 5 are obviously not taking their review seriously. They might not like the film personally, but that shouldn't generate a biased low score. Unlike a lot of other horror movies, this one actually had a backstory as to the origins and reasoning for the game--I was surprised with that. I expected it to just be a scary game with no purpose, but I genuinely respect that they added a backstory. Next, this movie is overall just unique and cool. Unlike other cliche horror films where some demon figure is "haunting" the house, this film takes a unique approach by having a group of friends end up being the ones that have to do the "haunting" and "killing"; this concept also played well on friendship and family bonds/truth telling and trusting one another. Lastly, the creepy smiles make for iconic visuals that will stick with you even after you finish watching.
bad I wanted to give this movie 4.5 stars but sadly that isn't possible so I am rounding down. When I first heard news of the synopsis of the movie being leaked and that it was vastly different from the book I hoped they fixed some of the issues the book had. Because even though the book is fun, for it being a book focused on people that actually lived through the 80's it lacks serious depth. I graces the hard issues but never really tackles them (what does being alive mean? Online vs Offline live? What is romance?).Going into this movie I had hoped they would touch on some of these issues but right from the start things go wrong. It is easy to harp on this movie for not following the book, but at best 2% of the book can be found in this movie. Wades origin story is off. All the challenges have been altered. All he hard hitting moments of sacrifice and taking risks removed. What you are left with is a watered down "spectacle movie" that doesn't make much sense.Aside from that most of the actual 80's references have been cut. Instead we get pop-culture references (Halo, Gears of War, Track mania, Golden EYE). I can sort of understand why, because they wanted to make it PG13 and the PG13 wouldn't get text based games and 80's references, but it takes away from the entire identity of the book.The acting is alright although I can't help but feel they completely wasted Simon Pegg's talent. It actually took me a while to even notice he is in the movie all together. All he is is a bland English voice over. A real shame as he normally adds a lot of character to his characters.Visually the movie is fine. The world outside the Oasis mostly follows the books. The world inside the Oasis is crisp and well rendered. Animations are fluid and facial animations are spot on. This is one of those movies where the 3D is completely tagged on and didn't add anything to the experience however.Overall I can't praise this movie. It's few clever changes are not enough to save it from mediocrity and the few nostalgia moments will hardly excite the real "nerd". Had they follow the book this movie would have been, like the book, a solid 7/10. As it is now I can't give it above a 4.5/10 in good conscience.
bad . . . by the most overrated filmmakers ever."No Country for Old Men" shares with other wildly overrated movies, like "Pulp Fiction" or "Collateral," a ludicrous setting in which criminals engage in wild shootouts and murder sprees lasting for days and days without any noticeable effort on the part of law enforcement to put a stop to it. NCFOM takes place in an alternate universe where an insane madman can travel across Texas murdering several people a day without the slightest hint of the FBI, DEA, U.S. Marshals, Texas Rangers, or any other authorities lifting a finger to stop him. The only cop who seems to be on his trail is an aging small town sheriff played by Tommy Lee Jones who doesn't actually try to catch him but just passing amiably through life making philosophical reflections on evil.This movie has no interesting or sympathetic characters. Our supposed "hero" only gets in trouble because he commits an unbelievably stupid and selfish act -- stealing $2 million in cash from a drug deal gone wrong in which several people have already been murdered. Does he think no one will come after him? Then he compounds his idiocy by returning to the scene of the crime. Why should we care what happens to him after this beginning? He has what appears to be a very nice, likable girlfriend, whose life (along with his own) he endangers -- for what? Some blood/drug money that if the drug dealers don't kill him for taking, the cops will bust him for spending. Stupid. Besides which, the character has no backstory, no interesting qualities. He is a cipher.The character of "Chigurh," over which all the critics are having such orgasms, might as well be an extraterrestrial, he bears so little relationship to actual human life. He appears to be in his late thirties -- killing people at a rate of two or three a day, as he does in this film, he must have murdered close to 10,000 in his adult life, without ever being apprehended. This man is almost on a par with Stalin, Hitler, Mao, and Pol Pot, except instead of killing people en masse as they did (using subordinates, secret police, and soldiers to do the dirty work), he appears to do every killing himself, many of them with some kind of oxygen tank (how clever, and how convenient it must be to lug around an oxygen tank to kill people with instead of, say, a handgun). And there is no FBI team on his tail, no worldwide manhunt to catch the biggest serial killer of all time. It's funny how many "professional assassins" there are in movies like this (and "Pulp Fiction" and "Collateral") and how few there seem to be in real life.The plot of this movie is so unbelievably trite, clichéd, and hackneyed that it is simply boring. Of course, a trite story can still make a great movie if it is well done. But the Coen brothers are far above actually putting in the effort to make their story work effectively on a nuts and bolts level. For instance, why bother to show the ultimate confrontation between the hero and villain? Why would the audience care about that? On some level, the Coen brothers must be laughing at all the sycophantic critics falling all over themselves to heap orgasmic praise on this joke of a movie. This film, and its ecstatic critical reception, represents the ultimate elevation of style over substance -- the appearance of meaning over actual meaning, quirkiness and moodiness for its own sake rather than in the service of a genuinely engaging story and characters.
bad This is a thoroughly enjoyable movie right up to the end. But the end is not good. It stinks on ice.For the end of the movie to work, Eastwood needs outside help. Remember what the Hmong cop told the kid at the end? He said that this time, it would be different because .... Well, that is a young cop. His fellow officers are likely to tell him not to count his chickens before they are hatched. That outside help often dries up and blows away long before it is actually useful.Well, all through this movie situations arise which are very similar to the end scene. All through this movie, that outside help was possible. All through this movie, nobody expected that outside help. And all through this movie that outside help doesn't appear. It doesn't appear from the community at large or from anyone related to any of the victims. It doesn't even come from the victims themselves. Heck, the victims are 100% absolute perfect candidates to give that outside help, but they don't do it either.Still, Eastwood bets everything on it. Apparently his reasoning is: If I do my part, then everybody else will do their part. He seems to be forgetting that the entire community has been unwilling to have anything to do with that outside help that he needs.And so, the movie closes in a way that would be shameful to Dirty Harry. He had so many other options. Instead, he goes against everything his character has done in his 80 years and chooses to do something that his character would consider weak and unmanly. It wasn't a brave act. Considering what else Eastwood's character was facing, this ending shows that he is giving up. In the movie, Eastwood says "I finish things. That's what I do." Well, he didn't finish squat with this ending. There is a darn good chance that the people Eastwood is protecting are going to be a lot worse off in the future. That outside help often disappears. Cops on Law and Order and CSI are shown having trouble with that particular kind of outside help on every other episode.It is a stupid, stupid ending to an otherwise totally enthralling movie.There is no satisfactory rating to be given to this movie. It was absolutely brilliant until the end. But the ending is horrible.
bad The central idea of "Inception" is an interesting one: technology exists to enter other people's dreams in order to steal their most private secrets or to implant new ideas. With Christopher Nolan of "Memento" fame as writer and director, this should have been a smart, compelling movie. Unfortunately, "Inception" is a bloated failure.The root problem is that Nolan replaces the fascinating surrealism of dream worlds with lengthy outtakes from James Bond movies. For example, early in the film, when Cobb and Ariadne are sitting at a café in a dream world, Cobb tells Ariadne to stay calm. What's going to happen? Is the waiter going to bring her a glass full of wriggling eyeballs? Is she going to turn around and see her best friend from high school having sex with Abraham Lincoln? No. THINGS START EXPLODING. And that's the whole movie in a nutshell: gaudy special effects and endless fight scenes as a poor substitute for imaginative ideas.The matryoshka-doll plot of dreams within dreams isn't nearly as hard to follow as one might imagine. This is largely because nothing of consequence happens at higher levels once our heroes have moved on to deeper levels. The higher-level supporting actors just fight off bad guys -- and overblown special effects -- until it's time to bring back their colleagues from the depths.Nolan should sit back, watch a few of the best movies by Luis Bunuel and David Lynch, and try again with one-tenth the budget and ten times the imagination. (Okay, that's never gonna happen, but it's *my* dream.)
bad I began watching this movie with great anticipation, however, it really failed me within twenty minutes of it.I still continued to watch it and thought that the movie would get kicked off now but the now never came.The worst thing is that the invisible girl got her powers without going to space and that is so stupid because all my life I have been brought up seeing the girl in space and getting power, not outside of it.More than an hour into movie and there is no action. The villain appears in the last thirty minutes, the fight lasts of 10 minutes and the movie is over.Really a waste of time and money.
bad This movie is painful to watch, the directing is bad, the cinematography is bad, the plot is full of holes. Some people suggest that you need to read a book to understand it, some can even write an essay to explain the theory behind, however the movie itself is so lame that it does not show you any of that unless you deliberately do so. Don't get me wrong, I like movies of similar genre like "Mulholland Drive", but Richard Kelly is light-year away from David Lynch in terms of talent, vision and capability in making a thought-provoking movie. Well, there is a bunch of bad movies out there but they get what they deserve: bad rating. However, this movie is ridiculously overrated and it is absolutely nonsense that it makes the top 500 of Moviemeter's table.
bad Such great hype,imagery and effects, loved the trailers. Pity that every action scene is in the trailer, and the rest is just lame story lines, about the prince from somewanda (Wakanda). I kept waiting for Eddie Murphy to walk out and crack jokes. It has the prince and queen and staged like Eddies film and same "set like" feel for the royal ascension. The constant drums in the soundtrack felt like The Lion King. I would have walked out, but I paid Gold Class and wanted to finish my snacks. Probably some great social underlying story, but when the bad guy "wanted to see the sunset", I struggled not to laugh out loud.Bitterly Disapointing, worst Marvel film ever. (And I even enjoyed Wonder Woman, and Justice League)
bad Usually I'll watch any action movie happily. Especially one starting Bruce Willis as a main character. This film however is drop dead awful. Unwatchable. From the gimmicky and unprofessional editing to the delay in the bullets hitting their mark. Unrealistic chases and fight scenes where they cut costs by using cameras at various angles to mask the actual fighting. I could only watch 7 or 8 minutes of this torture before I had to stop. Probably the cringiest I have ever felt when watching a movie. So terribly terribly bad. I usually watch any more regardless of what IMDB rating it got if it has an actor or two that I like. This film however would receive an absolute zero from me. Instead of checking this movie out in the cinem rewatch a classic. Trust me. You'll thank me later. P.S This is my first time writing a review. I created an account with the sole purpose of writing this scathing and honest review.
bad I watched Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 and was very pleased with how well it stuck to the book. Because of this, I had high expectations for Part 2. I mean, if you did so well in the first half, you have to do just as well in the second half, right? Right? Wrong.The movie started off very well, starting from exactly where it left off in Part 1 and staying faithful to the book all the way to when Harry and co break into Hogwarts. That's where it starts to go down hill.*Spoilers!* The good: Neville. He was perfectly perfect. I really wish they gave him more screen time because he was adorable.The Gringott's scene. Very well done.The emotion we are shown from Snape. Throughout the series, he's been rather monotonous and emotionless. In the pensieve, we see a different side of him and it is a refreshing change.The battle at Hogwarts. It was intense and wonderfully done.Helena Ravenclaw. It was very emotional and creepy. Although they did not tell us her back story with the Bloody Baron.Rupert Grint and Dan Radcliffe shirtless. That's certainly a plus.OK you know it's bad when I resort to writing about that.The bad: They completely took out the scene where Harry and Luna go into the Ravenclaw Common Room, where they are ambushed by one of the Carrows. It appeared as if they would show it, as I hope they would (I've always wanted to see the other common rooms), but then they don't. Hm.Fred's death scene. Gone. Yup. They show his body once at the end and don't even give you time to grieve before moving on to the next scene. This was an insult to his character's memory.Crabbe's disappeared. Gets replaced by Zabini, and replaced in a different way by Goyle.Snape's memories are rushed and they take out some of the most interesting memories. They just go through a few of them quickly. I've always enjoyed the memories, because you get to see life at Hogwarts through the eyes of someone else for a change, in a different time era.Hermione and Ron battle Nagini, and eventually Neville slays the snake. Eventually. It takes some time getting to that scene.There is not a single mention of Teddy Lupin. That is, until the end when Harry suddenly knows about Lupin's son. Weird, considering Harry was camping in a forest and hadn't heard of any of this.Collin Creevey is replaced by that random Nigel kid.The students are not sent home. No, the teachers think it's OK to just lock the Slytherins in the dungeons and let everybody else stay and fight.Still no mention of the significance of the horcruxes. Hufflepuff's cup is just a plain old cup that Voldy turned into a horcrux.Not enough interaction with characters other than the trio. Too much Harry. It's as if everybody else just have cameos.Random scene where they blow up one of the bridges (ignoring the fact that there are like 2 other bridges that would take them into the school).Voldemort's and Bellatrix's death = explosion into confetti!Percy's on the good side all of a sudden. No explanation at all (a reoccurring theme with Yates, don't you think?).Harry does not fix his old wand with the Elder Wand. No, instead he takes the Elder Wand and SNAPS IT IN HALF. Is that even possible? I didn't think so. So Harry breaks the wand and then chucks it into the abyss. Really Yates, really?All of the fun and cheerful dialogue from the future scene has been resorted to everybody staring and smiling at each other. No explanation once again. They don't even say who's who! Plus there is absolutely no chemistry between Dan and Albus Severus. And it was really awkward to see them all with old make up on.Goodbye Dumbledore's back story! Too many attempts at one-liners and humorless jokes.*End of Spoilers* All in all, all of the personality and charm of the series was zapped away in an attempts to make this final movie is action-packed as possible. It's a shame to see something that you've grown up with, learned to love, taken and twisted into somebody's 'vision.' I mean, why bother adding your own unimportant scenes to the movie, when there are perfectly good ones in the book that you did not bother using at all? There's no...bonding with the characters, no connection with them you felt in Part 1. I did not feel the love for this movie like I had with the book. There was just so much significance that was left out of that movie, and it is such a shame. It had such potential to be a fantastic movie, and it fell short all because of the changes that were unnecessarily made.See the movie, and I'm sure you'll form your own opinion of it. It's not a bad movie, just disappointing and unsatisfying for a die-hard fan who's been following the books for 10 years of their life.
bad One of the awful movie i ever saw. Don't waste your time on this movie, you will regret it. It's a simple movie with routine story. Don't know how Keanu Reeves accepted this movie and acted in it. Acting was bad. His performance was so terrible. I was laughing. During hide and seek game also Keanu Reeves doesn't think to kill them but tries to run away. Even that guy Louis jump for the medicine but doesn't get idea to beat those girls and take it. No neighbors in that area. What a waste story! Never thought Keanu Reeves will act in this kind of movie. Seriously it is waste of our time and money. I suggest you stay the miles away from it.
bad In typical Woody Allen style, this film is a comment on pretentious New York City inhabitants, fake and materialistic Hollywood-ites, and neurotic love relationships. Alvy is a somewhat overly intelligent, somewhat pompous, incredibly neurotic and slightly depressed comic. Annie is a woman who only gets pleasure out of smoking pot, is not too intelligent, and is too shy and nervous for her own good. Having these two characters fall in love seems slightly insane in itself, but then again, that's what Woody Allen was going for with this film. In many ways, this film could be seen as kind of a comment on how film portrays romancehow unrealistic romantic relationships had been portrayed by Hollywood and how the unhappy ending is usually the more prevalent in reality.California (more specifically Hollywood and L.A) in this film is portrayed as a place full of overly tan, vanity obsessed, materialistic celebrities and their agents. Alvy, being the model New Yorker, hates California. Some of the most amusing lines in the film are between Alvy and Annie concerning the others' hatred for the two cities. Alvy's opinions on L.A all seem to hold up, however, so do Annie's opinions on New York. They're entirely polarized cities and the fact that Alvy and Annie don't choose the same city as their city of preference only emphasizes their differences even more. These two people are polar opposites, just like L.A. and New Yorkthey don't belong together. Annie and Alvy are not the type of couple that Hollywood usually had fun portraying. They are not the Mr. Darcy and Elizabeth Bennett couple from Pride and Prejudice, they are not Romeo and Juliet, they are two people who are completely wrong for each other and know it but somehow can't seem to figure it out. Every time they break up, they fall deeper into their depression because it's another failed relationship, another thing they couldn't make work. They're constantly bickering and fighting, and it doesn't really seem like love anymore after a certain point. It's the kind of love that only two mentally unstable and off base people can understand (and considering Allen's real life love situations, it becomes obvious that he is one of those people). This film is re-defining romance, re-defining how people look at relationships. It doesn't work out for Annie and Alvy in the end, and they both seem to be slightly okay with it. That's how things would have worked out for them in real life, and that's what Allen wanted to portray. If he had been a conventional Hollywood director with classic notions of grandeur and romance, then he would have had them live happily ever after. It's refreshing, for once, for the audience to figure out that not everyone gets that. Not all romances end with a ride off into the sunset.Annie Hall is also a critique of American culture and the elite intelligencia. Alvy and most of his acquaintances in New York are the kind of cynical and judgmental people who are so intelligent that it makes everyone else of moderate intelligence seem like morons and scum. Alvy (even as a child, as we see in multiple flashbacks) has very high standards for people he would consider worthy of being able to share their opinions. One of the most humorous scenes in the film is when he and Annie are in the line to see a film about Nazi Germany and WWII and there is a pretentious man in line behind him spewing off his opinions on directors. When Alvy confronts him about his seemingly terribly wrong opinions, he pulls out one of the directors to back him up. Alvy is the standard that the audience is supposed to hold everyone else up against. He is a neurotic man who never has nothing to say and is usually able to voice his opinion in a witty manner. The irony of this film is its greatest feature. The depressive and cynical comic, who is too into himself to give anyone else the time of day, meets and falls in love with an unintelligent and somewhat boring girl from the mid west who would usually do nothing for him. How could it not end up amusingly awful? Woody Allen is truly at his finest in this film.
bad I have to say to make such an impressive trailer and such an uninteresting film, takes some doing.Here you have most of the elements that would make a very good film. You have great special effects, a sci-fi conundrum, beautiful visuals and good sound. Yet the most important part of the film is missing. There is no plot, character or soul to this film. It's like having a beautiful building on the outside with no paint or decoration on the inside.It's an empty shell of a film. There is no tension; you couldn't care less about any of the characters, why were they even motivated to do what they did. Helping a corporation get "one over" on another corporation is hardly saving the human race.When you operate in a dream environment, where you can't die or be injured really it means there is nothing to worry about, who cares what happens. All the explosions and actions sequences are just meaningless. By the way, why does Hollywood still keep filming action scene's an inch away from every characters nose? It's impossible to see what's going on, so many films are ruined by this. Watch and learn from the Matrix, take the camera backwards a couple of feet and we can actually work out what's going on.So 2 and half hours of looking at my watch waiting for the very predictable ending, is a million miles from being a good film. How anyone in their right mind can give this 10/10, it's boring and pointless. A film has stir the soul, has to grab you, you need to feel for the characters. Can anyone, honestly say, they cared about anyone on show here.By the way, here's an idea, why don't you bring the children (who haven't aged a minutes since you last saw them) to you, if you can't go to the US.I know the end scene was trying to be ambiguous, but the fact his father, who lives in Paris, is bizarrely there in the US to meet him (how did he know) and the children look identical to every dream sequence they appeared in, means there wasn't much doubt.In the end there is nothing at stake for anyone, so a pointless movie. I suspect Nolan will continue to get praise, but I can't really say I've got excited about any of his movies. They all leave me cold. They are not terrible, just there's nothing really there, no substance.
bad Am I the only person that found this movie incredibly tedious, pretentious and badly acted?  Did I mention boring?  It took me 3 installments to get through this.  My mind kept wandering to thoughts like "Why is Ethan Hawke's hair so greasy" and Julie Delpy's teeth being disturbing.  Not good signs.Whoever said Ethan Hawke (was it Mrskunk?) had 2 expressions was exactly right.  Most of the time he smirked.  And the dialogue!  Were we supposed to find it interesting?  Amusing?  To me, it was the musings of immature adults, and why were their musings any more interesting than yours or mine? Maybe that was the point - maybe the director was parodying the self-importance of teenagers and those slightly older.  Was there any insight at all in all that talking?  I couldn't find any.  Not one single insight.  Did you happen to notice that the whole time they talked about themselves?  I include their philosophical comments, because they are about their own philosophy, not anyone else's.  As far as they (and those of us who were trapped in their universe) were concerned  the world did not exist. They wouldn't notice anything happening outside themselves.  Could you ask for a better example of solipsism?I can't believe people think this is one of the greatest films ever made, a great romance, etc.  If you want to see a great romance, rent "Notorious" or "Live Flesh" or, I could go on and on.  Just like the movie.  But I won't.I fear that this is a case of the "Emperor's New Clothes."  Some critics called it a great film, so others jump on the bandwagon to show that they too have good taste.Believe me, this is not great filmmaking and this is not a great film. It's just an extremely boring film.You were warned.
bad Another helping of Nic being and doing Nic. I'm struggling to remember anything this century that Mr cage has done that warrants any merit. One must assume Mr Cage needs the money and will take any part, ultimately a self-defeating circle of decline. The film is had some good ideas its just a shame the dialogue made me want to defecateNic seriously man give up now whilst people still fondly remember you as a once Hollywood A Lister
bad I was very surprised to see this movie do so well at the Oscars. The movie in a nutshell, to me, is exactly how NOT to teach anyone anything. The story walks you through a jazz class with a Drill Sergeant for a teacher that physically and verbally abuses his student in the name of greatness. The key message is being supportive, respectful and compassionate will get you nowhere. Hitting, abusing and destroying people will make your great! Hollywood for years has been advocating against bullying and now they give not one but three Oscar to a movie that glorifies Bullying??!! I was dumbfounded and sad. Yes, the performance s are great and the actors are very good, but no degree of acting should justify glorifying this method of teaching. What I hated most was that the movie made me like Jazz less. If this is what it takes to have great Jazz musicians then we do not need Jazz. Just to be clear. Hitting, screaming, psychological warfare, abuse and negativity DO not create great people or better musicians. They create abusive, disrespectful human beings that will continue the hate and the abuse. No wonder suicide rates for young people are high; if you are not good enough you are not worth playing, studying, living, etc. Just kill yourself. A very bad message to kids, students and teachers. Dreadful, Hollywood should be ashamed.
bad The original CSI used to be fun, before we got love stories shoved down the viewers' throats and victims wearing raccoon costumes. Preposterous, but entertaining: a different cop show.CSI Miami, on the other hand, has all the flaws of CSI Las Vegas - like a penchant for overly implausible situations - without the strengths - like interesting protagonists and gripping story lines.Emily Procter, Adam Rodriguez and other secondary characters are flat. The best was by far Rory Cochrane as moody Speedle, gone too soon - after Kim Delaney's Megan, who was quickly (and thankfully) written off.The core of the show is David Caruso, who gives an unspeakably terrible turn as smug Horatio Caine; Horatio shamelessly chews the scenery and is so pompous and obnoxious, one doesn't know whether to incredulously shake his head or laugh at the sheer absurdity of this performance.In a ludicrous amount of scenes we have a majestic shot of Horatio silhouetted against the dawn (or dusk), self-satisfaction oozing from every molecule of his body, as he puts his sunglasses on (or takes them off) in slow-motion, with a stoic smirk and a triumphant background music: all he is missing is a cape billowing in the wind. It's so cheesy that, if the show had not been trying so hard to be grandiose, it could have passed for a form of self-parody.If you want to give a try to a CSI series, go for the first seasons of Las Vegas.4/10
bad It is pointless, insulting, and redundant to buy into the defence/condemnation dynamic that Pier Paolo Pasolini's testament so snidely provokes and invites.  In making what will remain one of the darkest and most vicious films ever made, Pasolini's bleak vision at the time of this films production in 1975  wanted to make the point that we are not free. We are limited by social  restraints and political conditioning which makes us no better than the victims in this  powerful, shattering cinema experience. That Pasolini was murdered by a male hustler in JFK-worthy circumstances - before he had time to  utterly complete and polish the film -  is an apt reminder of the forces of censorship and their merciless, cruel satisfaction in maintaining blank and reprehensible silences.I refuse to join in the disinfecting and antiseptic treatments that people calling themselves supporters have applied to this film.  There are moments of eroticism, beauty and even dark humour in this film and those who seek to castrate and deny Pasolini  his humanity and complexity by pretending otherwise are naive if not duplicitous with those who placed this film in the category of "banned" in Australia.  To deny Pasolini  the distinction of having created a multiple, difficult film with various levels of engagement is to reduce his profound legacy.Pasolini made this film to make people think hard and harshly  and to contemplate themselves.  The darkness of the cinema is part of that indictment and denying Pasolini this space for his film is pure evil. He was a disgusted and angry man and this film shares the passions, disapointments and loves of Pasolini. He wanted to change things.  To help people. To provoke and make us ponder and contemplate ideas and arguments.  That some will not is no revelation. But this is not some far off  distant story - Salo is a political electric shock  treatment as relevant today and tommorrow as upon its initial release (or non-release as may be the case). Its his most lavish and grand film and also his most  personal.  Throughout the film we are reminded that this microcosm of society implicates us - our surveillance of the events in this film is an act of violence and violation. Words are weapons wielded by the Duke and his merry bandits as they systematically annihilate the young people under their pointless control.Pasolini is throwing Salo at us with the pride and courage of  a protestor throwing excrement at a politician. This film is a political act. Australia is as dangerous  a country as those  demonised  "foreign" countries with more extreme , exploitable examples of political censorship.  Thankfully this film is available in Australia from certain sources but it remains denied its rightful place in the cinema theatre and  general, legal release. But at least it can still be seen. The resistance continues.  Like the young man who raises his arm in salute against his captors in Salo in the most dire and deadly circumstances. I do the same to Pasolini in less deadly but no less dire circumstance.  To one of our greatest modern philosophers and visionaries, Pier Paolo Pasolini, we should be truly thankful.
bad Either way, they're all too innocuous to truly hate. Lowest common denominator in every way: tons of lame jokes, forceful heartfelt moments that aren't earned, and random acts of cuteness. Carell deserves so much better than just being given a tired, silly accent like the worst of Mike Myers.
bad Wow, I don't know how I can even have given it 2 points - everything about this movie sucks; it's badly written, bad acting, totally unfunny and a bunch of characters I couldn't care less about. It's absolute rubbish, totally predictable and you've seen it a million times before - you have been warned, watch at your own peril!
bad Man just when you thought it could not get any worse along comes complete rubbish like this.With Will Ferrel in a Movie you would expect it to be OK at with a couple of laughs in it maybe even brought in by him but WOW this is not fit to be called a comedy or a movie it should be De-Released Amy Phoeler or however you spell her due name "intended spell error " Blows so bad in it you want to smack the face of her..Wil also blows so bad it took about 25 to 30 minutes to realize that this movie is getting worse by the second, Few friends also tried to watch it but they killed it after 15 minutes .. they had a sense .avoid this garbage at all cost unless you hate yourself and love terrible eh movie / extended show Trust me AVOID
bad In Coney Island, in the 50´s, the thirty-nine year-old waitress Ginny (Kate Winslet) is a former aspirant actress married with the carousel operator Humpty (Jim Belushi) in an unhappy marriage. She has a problematic son from her first marriage, the arsonist boy Richie. She is a frustrated woman that is having a love affair with the younger lifeguard Mickey (Justin Timberlake), who is an aspirant writer. When Humpty´s estranged daughter Carolina (Juno Temple) arrives in Coney Island seeking for shelter from her husband, who is a gangster, Humpty learns that Carolina has denounced him to the police and now he wants to kill her. Humpty lodges Carolina at home, affecting their lives. "Wonder Wheel" is a dramatic unconventional romance by Woody Allen with a storyline of shattered dreams, unrequited love, jealousy and betrayal. The performance of Kate Winslet is top notch and Juno Temple, Jim Belushi and Justin Timberlake have also great performances. They all perform human characters very well developed. The film looks like a play, with few locations, but the cinematography is beautiful. The stylish soundtrack follows Woody Allen high-standard. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): "Roda Gigante" ("Ferris Wheel")
bad The problem with many movies nowadays is a lazy script.1. The issue between Lindsay & Juliet feels contrived. It's a cartoon version of bullying with a cartoon origin story... bed-wetting trauma.. really?2. Sam is the only person that doesn't know that Juliet is the key to the situation from the first 10 minutes. 3. Are we really supposed to believe that there was no way for Sam to restrain Juliet with an infinite number of tries... really?The acting was solid overall in this teen twist of Groundhog's Day.But the audience deserves better than implausible dialog & glaringly gigantic plot holes. Back to script-writing class.
bad I really enjoyed watching the first Maze Runner but I didn't think this was quite as good.The Scorch Trials got some great and intense, action packed scenes, good acting and cool environments but that's it. If you liked the first movie you may like this too or you may get a little disappointed. Don't have so high hopes on this movie.I still enjoyed it a bit but I think it got many bad parts.I'm not a fan of zombies so I hated the Idea with zombies in the desert or (infected people with a virus, Cranks). Everything is about Thomas in this movie. Everyone knows him and he does not know them. He does not even want to know who they are. That's so weird. I got tired of everyone calling his name. It felt like there was never a scene without Thomas in it. I think the most irritating part is that Thomas and the others do everything they can to escape from the "WICKED", they go out in the scorch and some of them dies. Later on one friend of his is getting caught by the WICKED again and Thomas decides that he will turn around. They barely even made it out from the scorch and now they turn back after 2hours of the film because one friend got caught? (also because he realized he wants to fight the WICKED now and not run away anymore). It felt like a meaningless adventure. I think they could just skip to the 3rd movie right away.
bad Stalker (1979)***½ Stalker is rich, spiritual and contemplative journey through the fantastic inner world of human's hope, desire, disillusions and believes. Main characters, Writer (as incarnation of irrational, imaginative and emotional aspects of our nature or subconsciousness) and Scientist (rational, logic forces or consciousness) are guided by Stalker (symbolizing our desire, will and everlasting search of meaning) to the mysterious Zone (which may represent all our spiritual goals, meanings, struggles to achieve them and barriers in our path). Breathtaking and mesmerizing images and sounds, witty dialog and strong concept are the major virtues of this feature. Writer's monologues are among the most meaningful, thought-provoking and spiritual moments I ever experienced in any art. But the movie is overlong losing its powerful initial momentum and becoming inconsistent in it's final message (by final I don't mean last in chronology but overall). Tarkovsky's earlier SF drama "Solaris" is more structured and fully developed. Nevertheless, Stalker is an outstanding piece of art movie that puts its director among the few true cinema masters. Rating: 8.5/10
bad To make it simple, Grown-Ups 2 felt like the first, if you enjoyed the first one you will probably enjoy this. I would consider it a mediocre movie if it had of been released in the 90's, but Sandler's movies are becoming extremely repetitive, and I think people are beginning to get fed up with Adam Sandler if they weren't already, I think it is time he gives it a rest. Grown-Ups 2 has some jokes that made me crack a smile, or chuckle, but has absolutely no plot, it's like watching a mash-up of jokes play out in front of you, rather then watching a movie thats funny. Not worth watching in theatres, rent or watch it online. Hopefully this will be Sandler's last movie for a while, and this is coming from a person who enjoys some of his movies.
bad A 4 is probably generous. I'm getting sick of the Elysium genre and this is the same thing with the exception of some vivid dreams. The elites have sequestered themselves on the same planet this time. The plot is the elites can and do openly mind control everyone and segregate the population the way they think it should be separated, but some special people can't be mind controlled and have to be dealt with, by violence of course. Suffice it to say it gets weird. I mean weird. Goofy. Nonsensical. Unbelievable. All accurate descriptions of this out of control mess. I didn't see the first one, and now probably won't because I already want this 2 hours back.
bad *Warning, contains spoilers. Only read this review if you have read the books and seen both movies..*I went into 'The Scorch Trials' expecting the worst since 'Maze Runner' did such a horrible job with the story already. I didn't expect it to be this awful. Why even bother making a book into the movie if you are not even going to follow any of the story line? This movie had nothing to do with the books, first off I have a question for Nowlin (the screenplay writer) why call it the 'Scorch Trials' if there was no TRIAL?? The book had a trial that the kids had to pass; this movie had a bunch of kids escaping WCKD and running around in a desert. There was nothing that was remotely a trial about it. This movie had me so angry my eyes got watery and I had a migraine.Look, as someone who reads a lot of novels I understand that movies can't perfectly portray the books, but to have the audacity to take these fun, enthralling novels and turn them into a down-graded action pile of garbage, that's insulting to the readers. Any person I know who read the books and saw the movie was absolutely insulted and astonished.Let's focus on the movie flaws here for a moment in case you're wondering why I am so angry... ( if you care) 1.) Why do we already know about the Right Arm in this movie?? That's not until the third book. 2.) Why wasn't this a trial? What was so wrong with the MAIN plot of the book that you turned into a movie? 3.) Why did the cranks have roots? The cranks were supposed to have levels of being gone which made them interesting and not just a bunch of cgi, moronic monsters. 4.)Why was Thomas and Theresa incapable of having telepathy? 5.)How is it that all of them are immunes but Winston was killed immediately after a bite? 6.)Why was the scorch a desert? The scorch is supposed to be an unbearable terrain where you cant survive for long, it's supposed to show how badly the Flare effected the earth. 7.)Why did Nowlin feel that Thomas having 'killed by group B' written on his neck wasn't a fantastic edge-of-your-seat piece of the novel? I guess since he skimmed the book and decided to write his own story he threw all of the exciting and mysterious concepts of the novel out the window and make it a movie of running around not doing anything with any real substance.I really need those questions answered because my mind is actually blown, I cannot believe that the Director and Screenplay writer had the guts to call this movie 'The Maze Runner Series'I have two positives about the movie though. 1.) The actors were absolutely fantastic who ever cast this movie was probably the only one who read the books. That's what is super sad about this movie is the casting was great, but the story was absolute garbage. It looked like the actors read the books, and the director read the cliff notes. 2.) The visuals were gorgeous, it's too bad that I was focused on the failures of the writing.The craziest part about this series is if they had followed the books at least with the main plot lines and twists, this movie would have been bigger than 'The Hunger Games', but they decided to drop this awful movie onto the readers and make them suffer.James Dashner, as far as I have read in your interviews you were okay with this?? You owe your readers the BIGGEST apology ever! You sold yourself out for the cash, and I was going to read your other series but my friends and I will not touch anything you've written until we receive an apology for getting us hooked on your novels, and then approving this awful movie that had nothing to do with your books besides the character names and the title. Your books had so much more complexity to the story and the writer/director of the movie decided not to use any of your actual plot line. Doesn't that make you angry even a little bit?Wes Ball, T.s. Nowlin and James Dashner. Shame on all three of you. If you've read the books please avoid this movie like the plague. If you haven't read the books ( you shouldn't be reading my review lol) but if you accidentally did please read the books, and skip this awful movie. I could have covered at least 10 more disappointing points about this film, but no one wants to read a 20 paragraph review, this review was long enough. James Dashner, I await your apology for doing this to your readers.
bad I won't beat around the bush here. This film is terrible because it is a case of what could have been. The cast are the reason I went to see the film. They severely disappointing for the majority of the film. There is one saving grace between Zac Efron and Anna Kendrick where they are are talking while sitting on a tree. It is sweet, nearly heartfelt and was thoroughly enjoying. That being said, this scene could not save the film from having one of the worst screenplays of all time. The cast were severely misused in this picture. Aubrey Plaza should use her quirky Parks and Rec talents here and this could be successful. She doesn't work as a conniving leading lady. Anna Kendrick should stick to her girl-next-door type of comedy. This crude comedy doesn't suit her. Zac Efron should do more work like Neighbours, where he acts very well against type as a disobeying college student. Here trying to play the voice of reason, it was an uncalculated risk that could have worked with an anyway decent script. Adam Devine is out of his depth. It pains me to say it because his work on Modern Family is brilliant and he is great in Pitch Perfect. This cast did not suit the film. Their personalities may, but not their acting skills. In summation, this picture is not worth seeing. The story has some potential when in the hands of a competent director and intelligent screenwriters. This is not the case. Poor directing, a truly awful script and the wrong cast, your 90 minutes is better spent watching a Woody Allen film which will give you more laughs and no awkwardness.
bad Although we have only just nudged our way into February I nominate this as a contender for Worst Film of 2017. It might even win.This is a film of two halves. In fact the transition between one and the other is so abrupt that you could be forgiven for thinking you are watching two different films. The first half is comprised of two acts.Act 1 sees us in Disneyland with a saccharine sweet love story told as only the Americans can do with a plethora of sickly smiles, gleaming perfect white teeth, pretty pastel colours and every damn country boy and country girl cliché in the teenage book of dreamy heart fluttering romance.Act 2 Army training camp. New wet behind the ears recruits and a sergeant major set on making men of them. Familiar territory. You know the score: the recruits will be wheeled out fully formed and ready labelled from the casting department.. The tough one. The farmer boy one. The handsome one. The oddly short one. The goofy one. And the evil one who from the off sets out to make our hero's life a misery. And the signpost also tells you that an hour down the line in this film they will be best buddies. The sergeant major now does what all sergeant majors do in every boot camp film you have ever seen he yells and screams bawls and bellows just half an inch from the face of every recruit. Of course he saves the best of his decibels for our hapless hero.Turns out our hero doesn't want to carry a rifle he just wants to be a medic. So instead of congratulating him on this noble and potentially useful choice of army career he gets bawled out and they treat him like something the sergeant major scraped of the bottom of his size twelve boots.But with the help of his demented dad and his pretty and expertly permed smiling gal our hero escapes a court martial. The gal gives her guy a bible. We saw that coming. Part Two: Our hero and his buddies are gathered at the foot of a cliff. The only way up to Hacksaw Ridge is via a single wide rope ladder. Atop the ridge are approximately a quarter of a million Japanese soldiers. All is quiet. And you can't help wondering why those evil Nips (their term, not mine) haven't simply chopped down the rope ladder or why they are not massed along the top lobbing mortars and grenades down on the troops below.But we have been assured at the start of this epic masterpiece that we are watching a true story so we have to accept that this is how it happened. But that rope ladder still bothers me.However...the troops clamber up the ladder and they are on top of the cliff – and all hell breaks loose after a bombardment from some offshore guns.Now let me state here that I have read about the battles against the Japanese for control of the Pacific islands and am fully aware of the terrible fighting that ensued. The Japanese fought with suicidal recklessness not seen since Medieval times. But in this film that fighting is presented in such an orgiastic way with almost pornographic detail of spilled entrails, pools of glistening blood, severed limbs, decapitated heads, mangled half torsos and spaghetti shredded legs that the suspicion is that the director and writers have intentionally set out to out-gore every war film that has gone before. Every time a soldier looks up a bullet neatly penetrates his helmet and skull. Every time there is an explosion three men are catapulted into the air by some clever hidden device. And then there is more blood and guts and half- men screaming for their moms. The tidal wave of Japs overwhelms the US soldiers and miraculously they all escape down the one rope ladder. It's not shown how they get their wounded down there but hey ho... What of our hero...? Well he is still up top – now alone with the dead and wounded that have been left behind. A few Japs take some pot shots at him but then they all disappear back to their tunnels for some chow.Leaving our hero free to drag the wounded to the cliff edge. This is an heroic task in itself but now he has to get them to safety. He proceeds to lower them down the two hundred feet sheer cliff face. Actually there are only two blokes down there, smoking and chewing the fat. But they do a sterling job sending the wounded back to camp. Oddly no-one thinks to send a soldier or two – or twenty – up the trusty rope ladder to help our hero. They just hang around below waiting for the next dangling hospital candidate.And so it goes on. When our exhausted hero does eventually fling himself down with a rope there just happens to be scores of his buddies waiting for him. Shame they didn't have the balls to go up and help him. But they all line up cinematically so that our hero can be led away.At the risk of upsetting the 'Special Relationship' we have with our pilgrim brothers and sisters on the other side of the pond – and I know my fellow countrymen will understand this – Hacksaw Ridge is just too American. A much better script and a British director would have delivered a subtle, more sympathetic film with less of your usual jingoism and more of the real drama and nuances of war.This is a true story. A story of towering heroism. Real men fighting real battles. But in this mess of a film that story has been reduced to nothing more than a comic book reality. And all concerned deserved better than that.
bad I very rarely have the urge to go to the web and state my opinion about a show, whether I like or dislike it. But judging from the first two episodes I hated this OC-ized version of a 90ties classic so much that for once I did feel the urge. What can I say, in my opinion this show seriously sucks (or bites, or blows, if you've seen the first 20 seconds).Not on all levels of course, the production values are high, the teens are all eye-candy, the sets look over-the-top rich as you'd expect... You can tell that some money went into this thing, alright. But unfortunately, the story and the characters are LAME, and the acting is mostly mediocre and partly downright terrible. And you probably can't even blame the actors for that, since the characters they are playing are straight off the teen-drama-shelf clichés. We've got drug girl, spoiled princess girl, angry-athlete-guy, look-at-me-i'm-so-rebellious-girl, rich-and-somewhat-dark-but-maybe-bighearted-guy, and then we got the too-good-to-be-true family that could substitute for the entire cast of 7th Heaven.This show feels like its elements have been assembled in more than a hurry and stuck together with duct tape. I can't bear to watch another episode to be honest.
bad Hooray for Title Misspellings! After reading reviews and contemplating, my girlfriend and I confirmed that this movie is an utter piece of trash. This movie lost her as one of those Rare Tarantino fans.I wish it were made on nitrate film, and all the copies piled neatly underneath a chain-smoking Tarantino fanboy. The literally needless violence, the plot holes, Tarantino's table-itis sans drama, and absent character development made this a thoroughly painful, glorified montage. What acting was there? And how much of that was just because I was too busy reading the subtitles? I watch my share of fansubbed anime, and kudos for the attempt at authenticity, but it was overdone for an English-language movie. With the glaring historical inadequacies, the constant reading killed what acting there was.Why pay money for a narrator who will have absolutely no tie to any of the characters, plot, themes, setting, or anything involved in the movie? When the movie needs that sort of off hand explanation, it's foreshadowing the utter filth that follows.Historical Research - while it was sprinkled with interesting factiods, used the proper costumes and props for the soldiers, this movie stretched the truth beyond belief even for historical fiction. Kudos on Mata Hari reference, though using it as foreshadowing was a bit much. Mata Hari was executed by a firing squad, not choked in an isolated room. This ruined any sense that the reference may have had.Other reviews mention more than half a dozen homages to other artists in the first 15 minutes. Considering the audience, all these and other references were completely lost on many who would bother to see this movie, and all who would enjoy it.I'm confused by his choices of when to start a scene, end it, and what needs to be included. In a movie promoted as an action film, why did it take nearly 20 minutes to set up any sort of testosterone? What I believe to be the message was trite. The idea of rats and how we act on a primal nature against them, and "who is the rat?" were at best clichéd, but at worst not realized. Mention of American camps for the Japanese and German Americans would have added legitimacy to this question to the moral high ground. Literally every character in the film that gets a speaking role was caught up in their own legend. Is that the world in which Tarantino lives?I'm glad I didn't pay to see this one. I regret that I bothered to view it at all, even with well-meaning hosts. There was a rich base of ideas to develop, but none were realized.
bad A dark, dimly-lit account of the U.S. State Department's effort to negotiate the release of a U.S. hostage taken in Beirut, Lebanon in 1982 does have its moments and boasts workmanlike performances from Jon Hamm who brings his trademark guile and imperiousness and from Rosamund Pike as a steely-eyed CIA operative. Hamm is a former U.S. envoy who unexpectedly finds himself returning to Lebanon on a surprise assignment from the U.S. government.I do appreciate a film that sheds light on how much an area of tension Lebanon was in the 1980's, a part of history that is not widely understood. In Lebanon, we get to see how many sides there are and how each is at each other's throats, including the Palestinian Liberation Army, Syria and Israel as well as the United States security presence.Unfortunately, I struggled way too often to stay awake in the early and intermediate parts of the film in which almost nothing happens and that was with my sitting in the front row. It almost rendered me comatose, which is why I'm not recommending this film.
bad After "discovering" the original CSI television show, hearing great things about this spin-off, seeing its high ranking in the weekly ratings, and enjoying the pilot episode (the second season CSI episode, "Cross-Jurisdictions"), I was really looking forward to seeing CSI: Miami. Upon viewing the first season, I found it to be pretty unfulfilling, and it left me with no desire to watch the second season. However, I decided to give it another shot and watched the second season, which I enjoyed much more than the first. While I still thought the case stories were poor, the second season was where the main characters' personal lives began to take up some of the episodes, which I found to be the best thing the series had going for it (especially the subplot of Horatio's brother and his possible corrupt ways, as well as Horatio's feelings for Yelena). But upon starting to watch the first eight episodes of the third and fourth season, I found myself getting the same bitter taste in my mouth.I believe that the way the CSI writing team works is, they save all of the very talented writers who have new, fresh, and great ideas to the original CSI show, while they assign their writers with not as much flair, but the ability to turn out a script every week for the spin-off shows. The sad thing was I really wanted to like this show, and I keep going back to it, trying to give it another chance, however each time it fails to win me over. The unfulfilling and often predictable cases (the original show's cases are almost never predictable, even if there is a formula that all three shows follow), the corny one-liners that Horatio spits out before every episode's opening credits (usually spoken while putting on his sunglasses to make him look "cool"), and the lack of flair that made the original show so good, keeps this one from making the grade. I like the character of Horatio, but David Caruso (and/or the writers) take his character a bit too far with his constant threats to suspects and caring for victims. The show focuses too much on having Horatio get into a gunfight and trying too hard to make Caruso seem like the new Rick Hunter rather than show how the science solves a case. Notice that in this show, the Miami CSI's are always the first to enter a house with their guns drawn, whereas in the original show, they always have Brass and a few uniformed officers clear the scene before they enter. The idea of using a tsunami and hurricane as the backdrop for stories were good, but they were just wasted. The only episode that I can think of which even comes near to the greatness of the original show is the first season episode "Broken," about the child killer. That episode possessed some of the same shocking and original content that made the original show so great. I'll even so far to say that the sloppy handling of this show impairs my love for the original CSI. When the fifth season of CSI was released on DVD, I found myself unexcited to watch it, having just previously spent so much time giving CSI: Miami another chance. That was until I had gotten two episodes into it, and was quickly reminded just how great the original series is. It's really too bad that I can't get into this show like so many others have, but I can't say I didn't give it a real hard try. And after my dislike for this show and my being unimpressed with its pilot episode, I think I'll pass on CSI: NY.My personal verdict: stick to the original.
bad I never thought it possible that a film with such heavy subject would have me laughing at the end! But thats exactly what happened. After depicting all the clichés that there are about the wars at the middle East (for most of the time, so efficiently and subtly that the movie went quiet well up to a point), and after having us convinced we are actually seeing a really good movie, it drops a twist so "over the top " that instead of delving us in shock, it just leave us there standing like in WTF happened now?MAJOR SPOILERS AHEAD......So, the mother had an illegitimate child that was taken away from her (after the killing of her boyfriend by her family) ,who was then captured and trained from an opposite group, who was then later captured and imprisoned from the original group, and then in the blink of an eye changes his loyalties, becomes a tormentor, ends up raping his own mother, and the later, after encountering her son/rapist completely accidentally in the other edge of the world, collapses and dies but arranges to sent her offsprings to find their brother/dad for closure! (which she still loves of course!) Sorry, this is so extreme that it no longer seems horrible or serve us to transmit the dismals of war, it just becomes plainly laughable. If you ever saw a movie that tries so hard to make a point that it TOTALLY misses it, then that movie was it!In the background of course, there are masterfully presented descriptions of the horrors of war, especially civil war, which every nation who has been through this process knows how worst is from "normal" wars, but again everything is given with such extremity, crazy coincidences and the like that you can only accept it if you take them for their symbolic meaning. Unfortunately, the end is so extremely absurd that simply ruins the strength of the movie. Everyone knows what happens in wars. Sorry, such crazy development doesn't happen even in them.The saddest part is how many people embraced that movie, showing beyond a doubt how accurate the story about the naked king (H.C. Andersen) still stands today, both among the critics and the common people. But then again, there is no surprise there!In conclusion if you want to see a "punch in the gut" about such subjects, see "Whistleblower" (or Hotel Rwanda and the like), who truly deliver. This one is betrayed by the fact that it simply tries too much, and hence looses the realism that would give the movie its strength. Oh well, next time...
bad I'm sorry but i am incensed to write this, the amount of people giving this film 1 star due to it being 'liberal' has just got my goat. No wonder the world despises America due to its right wing attitude...this is a film about race and equality (and a tragic premise) yet all you do is harp on about 'liberalism'?? is this such a bad thing? no! on topic, for a first time directorial debut i think Clooney has done a fine job (i studied film at university) his composition is excellent as is the setting/mood/costumes etc and the writing is sound via the Coens...stop being so bloody narrow minded people. learn to love.
bad With a plot only a Twilight-mother could love, "The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn – Part 2" is unintentionally one of the funniest movies of the year, to the point where any sane moviegoer would suspect that most of the scenarios here were played for laughs and parody. OK, so if you enjoyed the final novel in Stephenie Meyer's series, word on the street is that you'll enjoy this installment the best. This might have something to do with Bill Condon being the first director to fully embrace the campiness of a world predicated on werewolf pedophilia and unprotected vampire sex, and also creating the most visually off the wall adaptation yet; with no regard to the viewing audience. But for every non-Twihard out there, "The Twilight Saga- Breaking Dawn- Part 2" will stand as one of the worst films of the year, in a series that has only gotten progressively worse.Why this is clearly the worst film of the series: The film begins with Kristen Stewart doing her best mountain lion impression as she crawls along the forest floor, hunting a deer, and only goes downhill from there. I'm not going to bore you with what you already know, a la this film contains a wealth of bad acting from the likes of Stewart, who should never work again, Taylor Lautner, who probably will never work again and Rob Pattinson, who throughout this movie couldn't look more ready to be done with the series (although Michael Sheen does give an eccentrically interesting performance as Aro). What I will be addressing here is the cornucopia of other problems which make this film almost unwatchable. Just a heads up, some of my points will contain plot spoilers, so skip to the "Final Thought" if you are still planning on watching this "film".1.This movie contains some of the worst special effects of any big budget film (yes, including "The Green Lantern") in the past decade. I won't bother to touch on every terrible CGI fiasco which occurs here (the vampires running effects, the vampires leaping tall buildings in a single bound effects or the laugh out loud tearing of people heads off effects) for fear of rambling-on more than I already am. But that doesn't stop me from asking the one question that is on everyone's minds. What's up with that baby's face?! When Renesmee is an infant, while it is obvious that a real baby is used, for some reason her face is completely computer generated, with half-assed CGI at that. The baby's face is so obviously fake, extremely creepy and immensely distraction that it is sure to haunt your dreams long after you've left the theater. 2.There is pretty much one human in the entire film and he is an idiot! The human I mention is Charlie Swan, Bella's father. The issue with him in this film is not necessarily the character himself, but the sloppiness in which he is almost written out of the story. When we first see him, he is obviously concerned for his daughter, since he doesn't know if she is dead or alive. When he finally sees that she is all better, with what looks to be a one year old infant in her arms, he seems to be brimming with questions. But when he demands answers from Bella, and she dismisses him (this would make more sense if you saw it) Charlie does what any worried father would do, he accepts the fact that she can't tell him anything and leaves her with the vampire family. 3.From a bland joke about the Loch Ness Monster, to all of the laughable monologues, the script contains some of the worst dialogue outside of an ABC Family show. And must mention that about 50% of this movie consists of dull voice-over narrations from Stewart and Pattinson, attempting to either explain back-story, introduce new characters (which there are many) or simply explain what is going on in the scene.4.The ending is a copout. Now, I don't want to give too much away for the few who still want to watch this, but there is a final battle sequence that occurs (FINALLY!!!) which in turn is the best part of the movie. And is absolutely ruined by a twist ending, which comes off as nothing more than a convention to soothe any crying teenagers not ready to witness a violent movie about dreamy vampires.5.One word: PEDOPHILE. Imprinting is a huge aspect in the novels. If you don't know what that is, "it's an involuntary mechanism by which werewolves become unconditionally bound to somebody (i.e. a soul mate) for the rest of their lives." Thank you Twilight Wiki page! The problem here is that throughout past films in the series, imprinting has been equated to not so much finding a soul mate or becoming someone's protector, but more so finding a mate or lover. So, when Jacob (Lautner) imprints on Renesmee with implications that he is in love with a child, visually it comes off as gross and super creepy, at the very least. Truthfully, at any moment I was expecting Jacob to yell, "You can't leave, Bella! I'm in love with your baby!" Written by Markus Robinson, Edited by Nicole I. AshlandFollow me on Twitter @moviesmarkus
bad Knowing that Unforgiven made it to the top 250 movies of all time is something that left me intrigued and made me restless for quite a time until i got hold of a DVD copy of it.But after seeing it, I began to be baffled by the actual ranking this film got. Surely, this film is decent if you want something that prioritizes triumph over anything else. Seeing Clint Eastwood take on several Bad (good) guys unscathed is quite a relief after seeing what these bad (good) guys did to his friend.But let us set the triumph catharsis aside and tackle each of the issues I am dying to address.1. Direction. Bad. Just plain bad. 2. Cinematogrpahy. Average3.Story/Plot. Clichéd average 4. Dialogs. Poor. Not the ones that you would usually expect as natural. quite political, romanticized, exaggerated. Just not so natural. too deep for even the most usual of conversations. totally out of place. 5. Acting. Good but awkwardly turns bad because of poor dialogs. The actors just couldn't reconcile how to act good with ridiculous dialogs.overall, this movie is way overrated. i could not say that it was bad during its time or that it has seen better days. but i can surely say that it is not as good as a film or a western in this time.I shelled out about 20 bucks, and though it pains me to reconsider it, i somehow regret having bought this DVD
bad At this moment the film still has over 4 stars on imdb, and I find it surprising that anyone would give it more than 1 or 2.Its possible the worst film I ve ever seen, its hard to imagine that some people got payed for this script. Its a collection of random scenes glued together.The sex scenes are boring, nothing sexy or too scandalous about them. There seems to be no chemistry at all between the leads.In either genre this film is a major fail.
bad I have to say. I was more eager than ever to see this film. The trailers were great (if not slightly spoiler filled) I was super keen on seeing Danny McBride playing a serious role, and I was more than eager to see something that would pull the Alien up from the nose dive it have become. But when the credits rolled, oh man was I disappointed. This movie is actually a massive step down from Prometheus.The problems with this film are vast, but some struck me more than than others. For one, it actually felt amateur. Considering Ridley Scott made the iconic origin film, it's hard to understand how tragically he has failed to grasp what makes the Alien film great. There is no slow burn atmosphere here. No tension build up. No creepiness to the xenomorph itself. It just fails to do anything that the predecessors do. The film also makes the same mistakes as Prometheus did, by giving the characters terrible motives or at best, strange decision making capabilities. Nothing really makes sense. There are so many times where you wonder to yourself, 'if this is suppose to be such an important mission, why are they making such ridiculous choices?'My next big gripe is with the visual effects. They are awful. Again, a huge step down from Prometheus (which at least had that going for it). The action scenes with the xenomorph were spastic and often hard to follow.Characters were plain, story was beyond boring, plot was ill thought out, and the only likable character who makes sense is the villain!It just failed overall to make a decent movie, and I am tired about giving movie justice just because 'at least the effects were good' or 'at least the sound was great'. If the film can't stand up with its own story, then it is a bad film. And as sorry as I am to say, this is a bad film. Neill Blompkamp should be handed the reins, as at least he has vision which could benefit the franchise.
bad Some good scenes, but in the middle I was "omg will this movie ever end?"
bad The idea that this film is one of the top 250 of all time (let alone top 25!) is preposterous. This is the first review I've submitted, and I do so because I feel compelled to express my outrage that a movie such as this could garner such a high rating, and may by itself destroy whatever credibility the "250" list may have retained.Count me in the "Emperor Has No Clothes" crowd. Look, I loved "Boogie Nights" as much as anyone. It was a masterpiece, a work of genius. Nostalgia for that film is the only reasonable explanation I can construct to understand why so many have rated "Blood" so highly.Daniel Day-Lewis gives a fine performance, yes, but what else is new? Though well-acted, I found his character simple and uninteresting. I am stunned by those who seem to regard Plainview as a new and terrifying character, a soulless messenger of a new evil (I chuckled when the goat-ranching rube whom Plainview aims to exploit introduces himself as "Abel")"No Country For Old Men" and J. Bardem covered that territory far more effectively. Plainview seemed like a pretty straightforward sociopath to me.Paul Dano, who I think is a fine actor, is terribly miscast as the evangelical preacher. He lacks the charisma and presence to credibly portray a charlatan. He was shrieky, and bizarre, not smooth, charming,confident, or anything else that suckers people into falling for scams. He was utterly unbelievable in his role, and it was too large a part to make such a mistake, set, as it was, against the furnace that is Daniel Day-lewis.Which leads me to the kid who played Plainview's adopted son for the greater part of the film. I am loath to criticize a child, but I can only assume this boy had the "look" as a prop desired by the director, b/c he displayed no ability as an actor. When called upon for dialog, his stilted performance is painful to behold. I cannot believe there wasn't another kid who could've hit his cues more effectively, more naturally.I actually found the ending one of the few interesting, thought provoking aspects of the film, but by then it was far too late to breathe life into the bloated behemoth that had strewn itself out on the screen the previous 2+ hours.
bad Tommy Wiseau ranks among the greats: Spielberg, Scorcese, Griffith, & Welles.  In THE ROOM, he has created a piece of cinema that has no parallels.  It is a unique piece of artistic greatness.Let's first discuss Mr. Wiseau's expert crafting of dramatic tension. Denny, the slightly mentally retarded 20-year-old, wants to watch Johnny and Lisa make sweet love.  Denny also frequently acts like a brain-damaged Golden Retriever in that he continually wants to play catch with a football, even though everyone only stands 6 feet apart.   Denny eventually gets involved with drugs and has to confront the hate-filled Chris-R (and there is no logical reason why the character has a hyphen in his name so don't ask).  Johnny nobly comes out of nowhere to provide Denny salvation, and then this plot point is totally forgotten.The best part of the movie is Mr. Wiseau's acting.  He is leagues ahead of other contemporary actors.  He is on par with DeNiro in Raging Bull, Nicholson in Easy Rider, and Brando in Streetcar.  He delivers his lines as if he IS Johnny, the All-American guy who is trying to stay on the wagon and can't get that promotion at work.  He clearly has been well-trained in Method Acting.  His Croatian-Serbian-Norwegian-Klingon-Mongolian-Yugoslavian accent is barely noticeable when he delivers lines such as `You're tearing me apart, Lisa' and `I treat you like a princess but you stab me in the back.'  You feel Johnny's pain as he becomes a regular MacGyver and hooks up a tape recorder that is able to record for 24 hours straight.  His laugh (ha-ha-ha) comes off as natural as can be.  When you think JOHNNY, you think All-American guy.  The fact that Mr. Wiseau is over sixty years of age and may be on some kind of horse tranquilizer for much of the movie is not an issue.In the trailers for THE ROOM, it is mentioned that Mr. Wiseau's directing and writing evoke Tennessee Williams, and a truer statement has never been made.  You can feel the passion when Johnny transforms himself into Frankenstein and proceeds to destroy his room, moving at a very slow speed. It is as if he is saying to the viewer, `Stella!!' except Mr. Wiseau does not need to say it verbally.  He says it through his emaciated skin which has seen better days and through his jet-black hair which is clearly his natural color.  Even though the Room takes place in San Francisco, it is as if Blanche DuBois is saying to us, `Johnny, you are a real American, because you play football and say ch-ch-chicken.'On the musical front, the shifting from a mysterious moody orchestral score to straight-up R&B ably shows Mr. Wiseau's ability to blend different styles musically in order to create a unified mood in his movie.  On the sound front, the boom operator clearly did an excellent job as half of the lines in the beginning of the movie are dubbed in later, even though the filming takes place in a quiet room with no extraneous noise.With regards to editing, Mr. Wiseau deftly uses cutaways to 30-second-long shots from different vantage points in San Francisco.  He seems to be saying to the viewer, I hope you weren't interested in the dialogue, because now you will have to sit through 30 seconds of the same shot of the Golden Gate Bridge you've seen 10 times already, before we get back to the dramatic tension you were longing for.Other attention to detail includes varying dates on how long Johnny and Lisa have been together (5 or 7 years), the switching from the day shots to night shots and then back to day shots on the same day, the fact that all of the men are dressed in tuxedos and decide to play football even though there is no justification for why they should be dressed in tuxedos, and using the exact same shots in the second love scene between Johnny and Lisa that are also used in the first love scene.Overall, Mr. Wiseau has proven himself to be among the top-rank writers, directors, actors, editors, gaffers, love maker, action stars, and best boys of his generation.  He has shown the ability to take any aspect of filmmaking and transcend it.  He is able to take monkey poop and turn it into a well-polished turd.  I hope to see many more films from Mr. Wiseau in the near future, and I hope that all of them will have Mr. Wiseau acting as well as new and better performances from the guy that played Denny (he rocks!!).  To Mr. Wiseau, I say L'Chaim, and let's drink to much greater Cinema to come!!
bad While watching this farce, I had the uncanny feeling that I'd seen this kind of badly-done portrayal of an apparently autistic savant before. And I was right - Roman J Israel is by the same man who brought us Nightcrawler. While Nightcrawler's depiction of an autistic man seemed based entirely on a bunch of not-too-bright college students' idea of what autistic people are like, Roman J Israel takes it a step further by apparently being based on a particularly dull sixth-grader's understanding of autism. Roman J. Israel, the eponymous lead character, talks like a stupid person's idea of how smart people talk - by using lots of long words put clumsily together. People who're actually smart speak simply, clearly and concisely. Roman just comes across as a village idiot who's spent years memorizing a thesaurus to impress his fellow villagers. Roman is presented to us as an idiot savant, completely clueless about the world in general but a genius at law and a highly principled man. However, through the course of the movie, he comes across as an unprincipled idiot, then a bigger idiot, and finally an even bigger idiot. But before we get into that, let's accept for the sake of argument that he actually is a legal genius. In that case, would the best use of his abilities be to handle pro bono cases individually, or to focus on well-paying cases himself, and use the money to finance a great deal more pro bono cases? But no, Roman J. Israel, Esq., prefers to do it the stupid way. (What kind of smart person appoints himself an Esquire, by the way?) We never actually get to see Roman's supposed legal brilliance - quite the opposite. In his first appearance in the courtroom, he manages to antagonize the judge and get a $5000 fine for contempt of court. This man is a legal genius? A lack of people skills is no excuse here - you don't need to be a master of etiquette to understand that mouthing off to a judge in a courtroom is a one-way ticket to disaster. Anyway, he starts out stupid. Then he loses his job, which instantly turns him into a "pecuniarily challenged" man who starts weeping at job interviews. One wonders how such a smart man got to his mid-fifties or sixties without having enough to live on for at least a few years. Then suddenly, a deus ex machina appears in the form of Colin Farrell - a rich young lawyer who runs a large, successful legal firm. Being successful, you'd think maybe he was smart, but he hires Israel, dashing that hope to bits. He offers Roman a much higher salary for what one would imagine would be his dream job - no dealing with people, just sitting in a room doing what he does best. Hell, I'd take that. But Roman turns him down. Smart, as you can see.Then he gets even stupider. This pillar of probity suddenly, well into his old age, gets bitten by the money bug. He wants it all - the swank apartment, the triple-glazed bacon doughnuts, everything. How does he go about it? By breaking one of the few inviolable rules of being a lawyer, attorney-client privilege. This alone would be enough to brand him a base, unprincipled moron, but wait, there's more - he breaks it by informing on a hardened criminal. Having acquired the money, he then proceeds to spend it stupidly and ostentatiously. The client he informed on, meanwhile, catches on, and threatens Roman. When news of his betrayal of the Attorney's Oath leaks out, Roman thinks he can make amends by returning the money and turning himself in. Yep, still a genius. He spouts some nonsense about how he isn't guilty at Colin Farrell's character, at which point Farrell speaks the only dialogue with any truth in this film: "You're insane." Roman is shortly thereafter put out of his misery by an associate of the criminal he betrayed. Happy ending, I thought, but no, Farrell's character apparently got infected with whatever Roman had, and he proceeds to file about ten thousand pages of Roman's insane ramblings as a case in federal court, accompanied by hokey faux-inspiring music. There's a brief scene where the film makes a less than a half-hearted effort to show Roman's genius in the laziest, most low-effort way possible - by showing that he's memorized the penal code. This is, again, a dull sixth-grader's understanding of what it means to be smart. The ability for critical thinking, not rote memorization, is the true test of intelligence. The fact that the movie fails so completely to portray Roman as anything but crushingly stupid says something about the people behind the movie. What that is, I leave as an exercise for the reader.
bad I went to see this movie with high hopes to have a couple of entertaining hours, but boy was I wrong. The movie starts OK and then shifts towards a terrible plot with unbelievable (in the bad way) scenes. FBI agents trying to capture a man and fail miserably more then once, the mother's victim leaving her best friend tormented for 13 years without telling him the truth, 2 people attracted to each other and both are afraid to come forward. (In which century are we?). Terrible, terrible movie. Oh and I forgot, the mother's victim agrees to make a bust that leads to an agent's death knowing that the culprit is not amongst the busted! A complete waste of time. The only positive thing is Nicole Kidman, she's gorgeous!
bad OK, I just got out of the advanced screening of this movie, I saw the IMDb ratings drop a few points in the time it took me to drive home. I can't blame the voters. In fact, as we were leaving the staff asked if we had any comments about the movie, I winced as if in pain, my buddy was perplexed, and the guy in front of us said and I quote, "Don't make a part two."This movie should not hit theaters, maybe go to cable t.v. On a boring Tuesday night when nothing else is on. Now, I put the spoiler warning and I bet you are wondering what the movie was about. Well, that is how you feel in the movie. The plot takes forever to kick in.The quick run through, 1950's/60's suburbia (can catch that in the name) black family moves in the town. Town goes in an uproar, someone breaks into Matt Damon's house kills his wife. Yes, there is zero correlation between the black family moving in and Matt Damon's wife getting murdered. In fact, you watch the movie and you will see the black family actually plays no significant part in the movie, they are just there for filler and to politicize the movie. So now the wife is dead and you are wondering why. You actually spent the first half of the movie wondering why. Spoiler, life insurance scam.Matt falls in love with his wife's sister, Matt hires hit-man, hit- man kill wife, Now the hit-man want their money, the life insurance company sees through the scam. People start dying, and the credits begin rolling. You have no connection to the characters on the screen, you try to feel bad for the kid in the movie, but he is so emotionless you can't really feel bad for him. It makes it even more difficult to feel bad when your brain is confused because the writers/actors/director can't decide if they want the movie to be funny or serious. In fact the only person I thought was even remotely interesting was Uncle Mitch, but he only has about 2 minutes of screen time. If I could speed summarize this movie, I would almost want to call it a murder mystery with a men who stare at goats twist, but it doesn't really click with whatever this movie was.Rated 2 because the acting was decent at least.
bad This show is AWFUL! If this show is "Hannah Montana," it's not about her that much. Mostly Jackson, Robby Ray, Rico, and Oliver are the funny ones and Miley and Lily are barely shown and aren't that funny. Also, the plots are mostly about Miley protecting her secret life. Also, the effects are horrible. When someone is flying or picked up, you can obviously see they are fake. Overall this show is horrible. If anyone watches this and likes it, they are crazy. It's cheesy, overrated, and a waste of time. Finally, this show is too serious, it's always, "do the right thing" and it's never bad.I hate IT!
bad I don't think Skyline is a bad movie as such. While there were better movies from 2010 such as The King's Speech, The Social Network, The Fighter and Toy Story 3, there are also worse such as Fred:The Movie, The Last Airbender, Vampires Suck and Clash of the Titans.Skyline is not a good movie, but it isn't in my opinion bad either. If anything, my feelings for Skyline are very mixed. I have seen some comparisons to Battle:Los Angeles, and I do agree this is the better movie, while Skyline did have a lot of problems Battle:Los Angeles was clichéd, under-directed and over-edited and other than Aaron Eckhart, a decent idea and one or two decent scenes there was little of redeeming value.Starting with the good things of Skyline, the visuals look absolutely great. The cinematography and editing are slick, the scenery is striking and the colours and lighting are bold, but the real star is the special effects which are superb. The sound is another plus, very explosive and authentic, and the soundtrack is memorable, not too generic and fits decently with the mood. Also, the action in general is explosive and exciting.Skyline does also have its flaws though. The characters are not as clichéd or indifferent as those of Battle:LA and some of the worst of the year, but to be honest I did find some of the characterisation underdeveloped and irritating. The dialogue is often cheesy and seems to be taking an exercise in high camp, and the climax while quite freaky and atmospheric feels like a different tone to the rest of the movie and this was a tone that jarred a bit. The story in its structure is quite soap-opera-like, and can get predictable and pedestrian, the direction is sometimes good sometimes flat and the acting is also uneven ranging from over-eager to bland.All in all, Skyline was not a bad movie in my opinion, certainly not as bad as I'd heard, but it is a hardly exceptional movie either. 5/10 Bethany Cox
bad The humor was sophomoric.. I can't believe some of the lines being delivered by the actors. I guess if you're getting paid millions you'll concede to saying anything. Could have been done so much better. Lazy writing. Lazy plot.. but I guess some audiences will fall for this. They will serve a certain demographic.. unfortunately it's not mine.
bad This thing is being over-hyped to the max. The narrative is promising at the outset, but fails miserably as it deteriorates into the absurd, and then continues to drip like Chinese water torture from the poorly written screenplay. The acting was mostly amateurish with the exception of Forest Whitaker, who seemed out of his element, but the screenplay could very well be the culprit here. The entire production was a laughable exercise in nonsense, and the CGI was worse.
bad The critics sure slammed this one. Sure, it's not as funny as the first one, and way too sappy, but the additional all star cast and Christmas timing upped it a few notches. Still an entertaining and fun flick. 8/10 from me
bad Earlier this year I watched Wheelman that got not too bad ratings on here and I still wonder why. That movie was about a guy in a car phoning different people every five seconds, and this for the entire movie. Apparently I didn't get it because I thought it was one of the most boring movies I saw this year. If you don't like cars but you do like planes, and you do like movies where people are just phoning during the entire movie then you should watch Beast Of Burden. Because that's basically it, Daniel Radcliffe in a plane phoning different people for the entire movie. 95% of the movie is just a guy in a plane phoning. You have to be a masochist to like that kind of garbage. The only reason I started watching this movie was because of Daniel Radcliffe. I wonder if he regrets accepting this role, because that's obviously a serious downer in his career. If you want to die from boredom watch Wheelman and Beast Of Burden consecutively.
bad I do not find this show at all funny. I actually think it is much worse than any of the other terrible Disney channel sit-coms right now. Miley Cyrus is an interesting choice to play Miley aka Hannah Montanna, because she can't sing, and she can't act. The jokes on this show are terribly unfunny, and it makes it even worse when the only cast member that has a little bit (and I mean little bit) of acting talent is Emily Osment as Miley's friend Lily. Bily Ray Cyrus and Jason Earles portray Miley's father (and is her father) and Jason Earles portrays her idiot brother thats always getting in to some stupid shenanigan. Two words that can really describe this show is terribly corny. It's corny humor that only little girls find funny because their brains have not developed yet. Now I've explained my hatred for the acting and the horrible humor, what's next? The whole premise of the show is a stupid idea. She puts on a wig and suddenly nobody recognizes her? It's moronic. In summation, I hate this show, however little girls who do not have a concept of funny will enjoy it, so I guess that's what they're going for over quality.My rating: Awful show. TV G. 30 mins.
bad At least 3 occasions I almost walked out, but my wife wanted to suffer through to the end so we stayed. This was the typical "cop- buddy" comedy, with one key difference from say the Starsky and Hutch remake: It was not funny at all.When I say not funny at all, I did not even crack a smile, and found myself looking at my watch. The plot is totally ridiculous, and the jokes were primarily about Ponche's sex addiction where he has to masturbate in public bathrooms, yes I am not kidding. Another theme is about Ponche's fetish about eating women's butts, clean or dirty. Yes, I am not kidding. That was a central plot line.Then there is John Baker his partner. He is basically portrayed as a opiate pill head who drives his bike high on opiates who has not taken a dump in weeks. Then there is the "hilarious" sequence where Ponch keeps crashing his motorcycle. Here again, it just was not funny. I guess if you are a teenager you might find the non stop bathroom/sexual stuff funny. I just cannot fathom how any adult could walk out of the theater with any other impression than they just wasted 2 hours of their life.
bad A maverick motorbike racer reeling from a divorce and a California Highway Patrol cop who's secretly an FBI operative must overcome their personality clash and work together to uncover a major theft.....The theft is obviously the budget that was spent on this film.Dax Shepard is a name that strikes fear through me whenever I hear it. He's made some trash in the past, Hit and Run was a much as a crime as it's title, and although Employee Of The Month was a Dane Cook vehicle, his screen presence ruined every scene he was in.This film came out of the blue. The trailer was dropped a few weeks before release, and here in the UK, there was zero marketing for the film.And her's the reason why.It's an abomination, totally misogynistic, Racist, Homophobic, politically incorrect, and about as poisonous as a supposed comedy can get.When the height of humour is seeing Vincent D'onofrio working out, you know the writing is something that deserves to be put in a time capsule and buried, and years later, another generation will realise just how inept writing can be.The film is incoherent, badly acted, and focuses on nothing more than peoples weaknesses and disabilities in order to gain a few laughs.The screening in which I saw this monstrosity was a tumbleweed-esque place, not one snicker, guffaw, chortle, or any word that can describe expressing humour was heard.There is no chemistry between the leads, not even real life couple Shepard and Bell, the latter whom should start considering not depending on her husband for roles.If I see a poorer film this year, I will be shocked, because this atrocity deserves all the criticism it gets.As Brando said after watching this.....'The Horror, The Horror'....
bad Wow, I am so disappointed in Disney right now. I was expecting so much from this, but sadly it was absolutely terrible! The movie and acting was so cheesy and cliché, I couldn't help but cringe throughout the movie. Chris Pine deserves a much better role than this, especially after his great performance in Wonder Woman. I mean, how could Disney release this kind of rubbish? Did they even watch it before they release it? Did the director even try? 'Cool' visual effects that made the film look like a compilation of advertisements DOES NOT equal to a good movie! Wow.
bad Having always been interested in pirates, curses, and adventures (when it comes to movie entertainment) this movie appealed to me the first time I saw a preview for it. I've watched this movie at least a dozen times and I still can't get over how amazingly well Johnny Depp fits the part of Captain Sparrow. His gestures, facial expressions, and his script make this movie not far from a masterpiece. Honestly it took me 2 or 3 times to completely understand the plot and all the dimensions of the curse. However, watching all the extra scenes and info on the DVD made me realize how much fun the director had making the movie (when was the last time you saw a pirate movie that cool??) Again, I greatly applaud Johnny Depp's performance and I can't wait to see Pirates of the Caribbean 2!
bad With Netflix being the obvious option for a quickly funded show, it's a shame that stereotypical unfunny scripts like this one get to the production phase merely because of who is cast in the leading roles. Prediction: "The Week Of" will be forgotten faster than a David Spade stand-up special.
bad How anyone can say this was a good movie is beyond me. This quite possibly is the stupidest movie I've seen in a long long long time. And it takes a lot for me to be that negative. You actually have to try to right something so non-sensical and idiotic. I left thinking that this wasn't just the end of the Spiderman franchise but it was done via cinematic suicide. It had to be. Nothing in this movie made any sense. For instance, 1) Sandman - OK so a guy escapes from jail, goes home to see his daughter and isn't caught but then later on he's running through some marshland (in NYC no less) being chased by cops and falls into a giant wide open hole in the ground which is actually a science experiment and the scientist think he's a bird so they don't stop the experiment and the experiment makes no logical sense but turns him into the sandman and the cops that were chasing him run up on this hole as the experiment is going on (again in the middle of the NYC marshland) and are like whoa a big hole wonder if this convict fell in or something, yeah he probably did let's turn around and walk away and let this giant science experiment hole go unaddressed. WHAT!!!!! This really happened in the movie I kid you not. Unbelievable.2)Harry tries to kill Peter because of his dad but low and behold after a wild chase through the city Peter knocks him out and of course Harry gets amnesia so he conveniently forgets for the next act of the movie that he really wants to kill Peter 3) Kirsten Dunst sings 3 songs in the movie. What is this a Broadway play? 4) Yup. It is a Broadway play. Or a bad version of Saturday Night fever as Peter does a totally ridiculous piano playing/dance number himself. Basically a retarded version of John Travolta in every move he did in the 70s.5) OK. This was the lamest part. Harry wants to kill Peter because Peter killed his dad. But right before the final battle Harry's butler comes on screen and tells Harry that Peter didn't kill Harry's dad because he saw the wound and the wound was from his own glider so Harry's dad killed himself and Peter isn't at fault. Uh. Huh? And who are you anyway? 6) Final battle. Why exactly does Sandman want to kill Spiderman??? Wait, he doesn't. He actually says he's not a bad guy and didn't want to hurt anyone? So why did he? No reason. Only because it made for a cool 4 way battle at the end. Jeez how about we TRY to come up with some motivation for him? Sandman could have been the coolest character but he's basically a puppet.7) Venom. Yah. OK.There were so many other dumb plot points and ridiculous assumptions and what not that we spent the whole movie laughing.
bad Two movies for the price of one. That's a fairly glib start to a review of a movie that I really liked, but it is true. The first half of Gone Girl is a fairly standard "did he or didn't he" mystery thriller. Then, about an hour in, the perspective shifts entirely and suddenly you realise that you're watching – perhaps – the most pitch-black comedy that you've ever seen. Despite the abrupt shift, I still think that Gone Girl holds together extremely well as one whole movie. Ben Affleck's Nick manages to inspire sympathy without ever being truly likable while Rosamund Pike's Amy (the star of the show in my opinion) is brilliant, terrifying, hilarious and despicable in various combinations and occasionally all at the same time.David Fincher's direction is both classy and clever (as usual) and several scenes are particularly outstanding due at least as much to his brilliance as that of the actors involved in them. My one complaint would be over the length – it really didn't need to be two and a quarter hours long. There were certainly a few moments, particularly in the first half, when I wished that the movie would hurry up and get to the point just a little more quickly.Gone Girl is a movie unlike any that I've ever seen before and as such largely defies further description. I would recommend this movie to all (with a warning that the adult rating is well earned) but especially those with a dark sense of humour. The darker the better.
bad Great idea, with very little of that idea transferred to the silver screen. Plenty of neat special effects to distract the audience from the flawed and empty re-telling of the age old "what is reality" story. A few interesting bible references, great blue-screening (better than Episode 1 by far), but with stone-like acting from every cast member, everyone ends up looking like part of the machine. If you want to see a movie that really deals with the issue "what is reality" see Darren Aronofsky's "Pi" (1998). If you want to see a bunch of fake kung fu, slapped together on an Avid machine to impress you, then see the Matrix, but most of these reviewers are mistaken (no offense); it's really just filler with a bit of truth. Wake up.
bad I can't understand why people like this film.The basic concept was great, but it could have been SO much better.It fails on many levels:1:  The basic story makes no sense.  Will Hunting is shown to possess not just intelligence, but extreme awareness of a vast, VAST body of literature. He can quote obscure books in psychology, economics, art, etc etc etc  Here's a news flash:  this kind of knowledge doesn't come from innate intelligence, it also requires incredible amounts of reading. So when did Will supposedly do all this reading?  we see him depicted as a working-class goof-off who spends his time carousing with his friends and getting into fights.  Sorry, but that doesn't compute.  At all.2: The direction and editing is terrible.  All of the key moments go by as if they weren't even important. The end of the movie just leaves you saying, "Huh?....." But my, aren't the lead actors good looking? That, and the superb performance by Robin Williams are all that can be said for this amateur effort.   But what do I know....
bad I... don't have words for how uninspired this film is. Maybe it was too inspired?Liv Tyler's performance alone is so comically wooden that it had me believing she was the film's quiet antagonist for most of the duration. Spoiler alert: she isn't. The opening act shows promise and that it might actually take a dark but interesting turn. After the first 15 mins however, we quickly enter some bizarre Twilight-territory noise which lasts for most of the film that I can't really adequately describe my disappointment in it. Literally nothing in this film makes sense and if you aren't angry by the third act then you deserve to have had your 90-minutes wasted. My wife was yelling at most of the scenes in this film, and I made no attempt to stop her. I'm dumber for having watched it, I award this film no points, and may God have mercy on its soul. If you want a well-executed child-creature film watch Let The Right One In and forget that this film ever happened.
bad When We First Met is about a man called Noah, who is relegated to the friend zone of the girl of his dreams. One day he wakes up in the past, the night before he is going to meet the love of his life for the first time. He sees this improbable event as a way to seize his moment, to make sure he will never be relegated to the friend zone.When We First Met is directed by Ari Sandel (The Duff) and written by John Whittington (The Lego Batman Movie). Adam Devine (Pitch Perfect) Plays the forever friend zoned Noah, Alexandra Daddario (Texas Chainsaw 3D) Plays the irresistible Avery and Shelley Hennig (Unfriended) plays Avery's best friend Carrie.Some things I liked about the film, was the oddball and funny situations the character Noah finds himself in, they always kept me interested. Also the characters I liked aswell, I didn't hate any of them and I expecially liked the character Noah, I thought he was a likeable lead.What I didn't like about the film, was the jokes, the situations were funny. But when they trying to actually say are do something funny, it doesn't quite work. This is quite distracting, expecially when your interested in the story and characters. The direction isn't very good either its basicially by the numbers directing which I don't like. It didn't give the film a style of its own and make it stand out.By far not one of the worst Netflix originals, but not one of the best either.6/10
bad THIS REVIEW CONTAINS MINORS SPOILERSMy hype about this prequel was high. I loved the idea of follow 4 inmates spreading out the chaos in Texas and making the viewer trying to guess which one of the protagonists would be the famous serial killer. Although Leatherface gave us an ambiguous taste! In a good way we have a movie about 4 lunatics characters trying to escape from the police, but in the bad way we have a movie without the typical vibe of the Texas Chainsaw films.Forget all the things that made you liked the previous movies, I thought was watching a spin- off instead a prequel, Leatherface only turns in a lunatic killer during the last 5 or 10 minutes (and he only dress the skin mask in the last 2 seconds), the Sawyer family development was far way of what we have seen in another films, they weren't so crazy or creepy, they were just a sadistic family. Even the sequences about the inmates spreading the madness could be better, they go to 2 places after escape from the asylum, take a shotgun and then the final act begins, the producers could put them in more scenarios and doing a lot of crazy stuff.Leatherface isn't so bad, has some potential but is very far away of to be a good horror movie as also I can't call it a Texas Chainsaw movie, because even a shotgun has more screen time than the chainsaw, hasn't the typical insane vibe and sometimes looks more a spin-off or a thriller based on the story that we all know.Rating: 4.5/10
bad Another sad movie with a generic plot with the Mary Sue / Gary Sue relationship. A relationship so horrid that it reaches a limit when rape is involved. This book turned movie is a mere reminder that 'Hollywood' will create anything without investigating the rather obvious 'unusual behavior' -- which, lets be honest here, isn't unusual until you put a married man and a girl who cannot bite her lip for the life of her in the same room. It is more than evident there is no chemistry on set, and off set. Jamie, you could have done so much better. Dakota, no, just no. Thank you, EL for your horrible outlook on BDSM and your plagiarized mistake of a 'book'. You truly have given writers everywhere a reason to wish they'd never written, and a reason as to why actors never wish to take part in anything that relates to this horrible mess of a movie.
bad Having worked in Saudi Arabia, I was really looking forward to this film. But it fell short in just about every way. Historically it was dreadful (starting in 1914 and then "going back" 12 years - by my simply maths this is 1902 - to have a toast to Queen Victoria by an embassy official is nonsense since she had died in 1901!) The acting was hackneyed and Nicole Kidman, though trying very hard, was totally unconvincing. Numerous people have pointed out the howlers such as the wrong language being spoken, reading from left to right, and handling food with the left hand; and how on earth did she keep her skin lily-white while riding through the desert. At the very least she could have expected a somewhat red nose and face! But the main criticism must be the script which was so predictable and puerile and laughable and lacked depth in any way whatsoever. A great shame as much of the location and images were lovely - and I could even believe some of the scenes shot in Morocco and Jordan were actually shot in Saudi.If you like desert scenery you may well enjoy this film, just so long as you don't think for one moment this biopic reflects reality.
bad I read the reviews on this and I couldn't believe how many people really didn't like it. But, to each their own.1. Watch "Diner des Cons" first. It is very different humor (French), slower (French), and a lot like the remake but yet the remake took off from it - so you won't get the same thing. The "con" (idiot) is (was?) an amazing French actor and his character... excruciating to watch. In fact almost the whole movie is. But it is really art (and if you study theater... uses the "Unite' des temps" which I don't know in English - takes place in 24 hours and in "one" location) and finely crafted! And you should watch this first because to watch this after: a. you won't see the nods to the original and b. it will probably be hard to watch this version after (like reading a book after).2. You truly and absolutely don't need to watch the first to "get it". Our 12 year old and 16 year old kids loved the movie (though a very few jokes were maybe a little too sexual for the 12 year... the world today). Anyway, they laughed tons. They understood the greater meaning. We quoted the movie and laughed on the way home!3. Francis Veber is one of my favorite French directors. Maybe I'm biased then to like this remake? But also, it made me very critical and standards were quite high... I was leery of what Hollywood might do to it... and ended up pleased. I laughed a lot.4. I love Steve Carrell, Zach G, Germaine, et al. Really felt they fit and played their roles very well. I really do think it was Steve to his finest! To say this is just to make fun at the people at dinner (mean spirited), don't realize the greater theme - which I think is there. That theme is present more if you see the original first. I can be one that doesn't laugh easily but they had me and many times I didn't see the joke coming - which makes a laugh out loud situation. The character "con" might be hard to watch - but not as nearly as the French version where I almost wanted to rip out my hair - but isn't that sort of good - play with the boundary of uncomfortable...?5. It IS an "Americanized" version and "expansion" of the French... so it will different. It is funny to the American sense of humor like I laughed (chuckled) to the French sense of humor in the original. (I'm span both sides). There is a blend, I think, but it couldn't be successful here if not "americanized" in humor and culture, yet keeps the nods and such to the French. I find the blend successful. Remakes are hard - but I think this one was a success in spirit and in form.6. It's not just me who loved it. The theater - one of the "loudest" comedies I've seen. I heard belly laughs, chuckles, etc.See for yourself...... I don't know if you'll like it be we sure did.
bad I love Batman. I love anime. I love cheesy anime conversations. But I hate an emptied character and script despite a huge potential.Batman is NEVER about his gadgets. Look at the Arkham Knight game, Red Hood thinks Batman is all about his gadgets and nothing without them, but Batman proves him wrong with his gigantic intellect and training. Granted, he relies on his gadgets on his day-to-day operations. However he never despairs when he loses any of them. On the contrary, he willingly sacrifice his gadgets and tools like they are nothing, because he is the weapon.If anyone says "its's an interpretation of Batman" an interpretation is about nuances, settings, surroundings; not the main subject. If you take what makes Batman out of Batman, it's not an interpretation, it's Dark Knight Rises...Decent artwork though...
bad I have no idea what was in the heads of CBS to choose this show and try to pass it off to viewers as entertainment. This genre is about catching serial killers. And yet, while watching the pilot, several times I felt like I was watching a comedic musical. Alan Cumming was phenomenal in The Good Wife. But it is obvious to me, he does not belong in a lead roll. We average viewers need a hook to want to watch a show again. Not only was there no hook, there was nothing new, nothing interesting and very little chemistry amongst the cast.I highly suggest that you people at CBS watch Cardinal (Canadian), and both The Hinterlands and Wallendar from Great Britain. They did the serial killer genre very well. I am pretty easy with TV shows. I can tolerate and even like shows with decent casting and a decent story. So, I read that this is some of James Patterson's work? No wonder. Before he gave the writing over to much lesser authors, in his early books, he was pretty good. Now I won't read his fluffy stuff. There were so many things wrong with this show, it's hard to wrap my mind around it! And that CBS, who does the excellent Criminal Minds and Blue Bloods, not to mention the entertaining three NCIS shows, should hang its head in shame, offering this light hearted look at this genre. There is nothing light hearted about it! And, as excellent as Mr. Cumming was on The Good Wife? He does NOT have the on-screen charisma needed to pull off a show as the sole star. There are hundreds of great shows being cast aside these days. To put this awful show up is, to me, a statement of just how dumb CBS must think it's viewers are! Come on people! You can do WAY better than is over acted, boring show. And making it light hearted? Big mistake! Just like this show! There are hundreds of shows and movies we can pick from on the various TV apps currently out there. You should have considered asking yourselves, "what would bring IN viewers," rather than, "let's put viewers to sleep!" You should yank it fast. You are seriously embarrassing your network with this loser. Two stars only because Mr Cumming is a good actor, just not in Instinct!
bad There is no way to really articulate the exact place where this movie went wrong, other than to say that it did.It lacks the redeeming qualities of some of Blumhouse's other outings: it isn't as charming as Happy Death Day was; it's not a socially aware as Get Out or the Purge franchise; it doesn't have unique techniques the original Paranormal Activity or Unfriended did. While most of those movies have things that are wrong with them (as most movies do), they also had something that made them worth watching. After struggling to find its footing, Truth or Dare had little to nothing redeeming about it. What you're left with is a largely unsatisfying narrative with skewed (and uncharacteristic) character motivations culminating in a fairly predictable climax and then quickly falling from there to a conclusion that - while somewhat elver in its execution - made the film that much more frustrating.In short: It feels a lot like any other teen slasher flick. They just put a different spin on things and then marketed the hell out of it.If you're looking for something more than shallow and undeveloped characters finding an interesting way to get themselves into trouble that they can't manage to ever get out of played by B-list stars who couldn't find anything else to do after the end of their TV careers, you will be sorely disappointed. But if you're looking for strained diversity in a cast with zero emotional depth or chemistry, headed by two skinny white women - this is the movie for you. If you want petty relationship drama, alcohol abuse, bullying, scenes on a "college campus", the occasional promise of gore/blood/or anything that might actually be considered scary (followed by the subsequent disappointment in camera angels destined to keep the film PG-13), and jump scares - this movie is for you.It really isn't for everyone, and while we can respect that there's an audience out there somewhere that might appreciate it for what it is, we know it could've been a lot better and feel justifiably disappointed that they didn't seem to try.Featuring: Some weird facial contortions that undercut the film even further, if that was even possible.
bad I would imagine viewers would either really love this movie or be totally turned off. It is presented in a different format for its time (since copied), has very odd and profane characters, accents that are difficult to understand, and tells an unpleasant story with some disgusting scenes. So, why do I enjoy this film, being an old-fashioned so-and-so?Well, because I usually enjoy "stylish" film-making and dark humor and this has both in abundance. This is almost as stylish as it gets: fascinating visuals, odd camera angles and various tricks, sound effects, etc. Most of the characters in this bizarre crime film have colorful nicknames and most speak in a strong British accent. A gypsy, played by American Brad Pitt, is almost intelligible.This is why I strongly recommend you use English subtitles while watching this film, at least for the first viewing, or you will totally lost. The DVD offers a feature I've never seen before: the option of using subtitles solely for Pitt's character. The filmmakers knew few people were going to understand Pitt's weird way of speaking. Anyway, I recommend the subtitles for everyone. It makes the film more enjoyable when you know what's going on, especially with the many slang terms used in here that have to be totally foreign to most viewers outside GB.Since the action changes every two minutes to another scene with other people (Lord of The Rings subsequently did the same), it's had to get lulled to sleep or have your mind wander. Something wacky is going on every few minutes. The attitudes of the criminals are rough: these are low-life people in the underworld: extremely tough people with the toughest being "Bricktop" (Alan Ford) who likes to feed people to the pigs. There are a ton of f-words in here, too.The disjointed story is not easy to follow and I found I needed several viewings to understand everything that was going on. The characters are so strange, so cartoon-like, that - combined with the unique visuals - it makes it a fascinating film to watch every time. Some of these actors were fairly unknown at the time of this release , at least here in the States, such as Jason Statham ("The Transporter") but we know them know. There is a good mix of young and old actors in here.This is a guy's movie with the top dozen actors in this film all tough-talking, almost-crude men (plus a funny dog). It's so weird, I'll just end with the cliché that "this is not for all tastes" but if you enjoy dark humor and something totally different, you might want to give it a shot. Just remember to turn on the subtitles.
bad Let me start off by saying that I like a good movie based on a true story like Schindler's List, The Butler, A Beautiful Mind, We Bought A Zoo, etc., etc. I'm also fully aware that not all events will be entirely factual so when I went into this movie I wasn't going in expecting accuracy in any form. What I did go in expecting was a good performance by great actors and I must say the acting was fantastic, but unfortunately the rest of the film was a complete train wreck. I felt it had potential at first and then that feeling quickly dissipated after watching the first beating commence and continued to diminish after seeing the attempted hanging where he walked around on his toes for at least a good twenty to thirty seconds and we had to sit and watch. I didn't think it was possible for the movie to get more boring but then they threw in yet another thirty second scene where we all proceeded to stare at the main character's face while he sat idle, occasionally moving his head from side to side. I wanted to feel emotion for these poor characters but every emotion that I had was quickly ruined by incredibly long, drawn out, and unnecessary scenes. Not only did I have to sit through the agonizing, stretched out scenes but whenever there was about to be a significant lapse of time within the main character's life they'd add in a bonus five to seven seconds where we stared at a bunch of trees. I'd like to say that I was moved by the movie or felt some sort of enjoyment in watching it but in truth the only touching moment I truly had was at the end of the film when I realized it was FINALLY over. I'd liken it's boringness to The Fifth Estate but honestly it was far worse. My advice to you would be to ignore the plethora of ten star reviews and think twice before you decide to pick it up for movie rental once it finally comes out on DVD.
bad Jersey Shore....oh where to begin. I'll sum up the show from a first person perspective. I live a good 50 - 75 feet from the Jersey shore, and every summer we're treated to some vacationers from Pennsylvania, north Jersey, and New York. Our benefactors, if you will. For the most part, these people are considerably normal and don't cause any disruption or annoyance, but there are some people, mainly from the cities (or burros) of Staten Island, Brooklyn, and Newark, who are worse than the common fraternity brother, or fratboy, or, as for the females, worse than your typical jezebel, or slut. These people are usually in their early to mid 20's, their bodies covered in tattoos, skin spray tanned orange, men have nasty spiking hairs and steroid induced muscles, women are wearing very revealing clothing and they all act like meatheaded morons who only know beer, drugs, sex, and violence. Guidos, if you will. I often deal with these people up front, as I watch them destroy my town with their antics. A fair amount of the trash talking, and joking about what a "f**ked up" place it is comes from these people. So let me give you a short bio of the show, guidos come to New Jersey, trash the place, then get their own TV show, and then New Jersey gets joked about because of it, only because people don't bother to do the research to know that most of the cast isn't even from New Jersey! Does that sound fair? NO! I won't stand for this, the people who ruin my home town, and those surrounding, who pass out drunk in the streets, urinate in public, start fights, break stuff, They get their own show, on a famous network live MTV, and kids will watch this and think "hey that looks like fun, i should go to the jersey shore and do that!" In the end, the show is nothing more than a glorified documentary about the guidos who destroy my home state, who i have to deal with first hand. And it's been called "awesome"....It makes me sick to my stomach. It'll pass, but, no matter what, it will always be New Jersey that's the joke, the victim of the situation, and not the cause. Politicians from New Jersey forever damned to not be taken seriously by any others. And nonstop jokes about New Jersey from people who probably haven't even ever been to the state. Kids will look up to these people and think they're cool. Adults will find it entertaining and laugh at it when it's really quite sad, and to us, the citizens of New Jersey, the people who actually live there, will be forever enraging. And when people say they love the show, in the words of James Rolfe, "That brings my p!ss to a boil"...I hope you guidos are proud of yourselves.
bad Grade: F because it has 3.8 million F-bombs in it (and it's a terrible movie)Rating: RIn a Nutshell: Why are so many trashy movies coming out in theaters that glorify extremely bad behavior? If you like being assaulted by an F-bomb every 2.7 seconds, watching people throw up and get high, then this raunchy piece of garbage is for you.Uplifting theme: FamilyCrime pays? College is expensive and makes parents go crazyThings I liked: I liked seeing Will Ferrell and Amy Poehler together again. Besides their SNL background, they were both in Blades of Glory ten years ago. Honestly, Amy Poehler was better than Will Ferrell in this flick. If you see this in theaters, you'll also see Will Ferrell being featured in the upcoming sequel of Daddy's Home. Jason Mantzoukas was really good in this. He and Amy Poehler were both in the zany Parks and Recreation: The Complete Series TV show together. The premise is somewhat interesting, so I was curious what they were going to do with the idea. I live in Las Vegas, so I'm definitely familiar with the idea that the "house always wins." The movie could have been really interesting. It wasn't. There is mention of Panera Bread. Man, I love that place! I thought it about during the rest of the movie.Things I didn't like:It's vulgar and stupid. You might chuckle a time or two, but it's not very funny. The family is totally into watching The Walking Dead: Season 1. I was a fan for a few seasons, but I'm over it. It seems they could have picked a newer TV show to be obsessed about.This is director Andrew Jay Cohen's first film. Hopefully, he learns from his mistakes and chooses better writers next time.Funny lines: "One of us has to be an adult here. So, you be it." – Kate Johansen (Amy Poehler) "What about Bob?" – Bob (Nick Kroll) The Johansens laugh and refer to the movie Bill Murray was in called What About Bob?. Bob then says, "Am I the only one who doesn't get Bill Murray?" Yes, Bob. Yes, you are. By the way, you should see What About Bob? instead of this one. "Did you just say whom?" – Scott Johansen (Yeah, I'm a Grammar Nazi too.)Tips for parents: TONS of marijuana, cocaine, alcohol, gambling, blood-gushing violence, and vomit. People flip the bird. Full frontal nudity of men and women walking down the stairs quickly.This is NOT a movie you could show your family with a filtering service. You would see about a 5 minute clip after the service wiped all of the garbage out. This is a true Rated R movie.MOVIE REVIEW MOM@trinaboice
bad Well, I´ve seen "Pi" and was fascinated. Now, there´s "Requiem for a dream" and my expectations were very, very high. That can be the downfall for a movie, but in this case I wasn´t disappointed. Aronofsky proves not only that he can direct a "bigger" movie, he also shows how one can do so without selling out. To be more precise: "RFAD" is one of the most disturbing and depressing movies that came out of the US for a looooong time. From the opening scene to its final curtain it´s...well, a requiem for the characters, who are all perfectly portrayed by their actors. Ellen Burstyn is unbelievable. The power of her performance can only be compared to that of Björk in "Dancer in the dark". Aronofskys direction is even more experimental than in "Pi" and some of his ideas, like his combination of sound and picture are really innovative and give his movie a musical feel -without creating a long music video. On the downside, you could say that this movie offers no hope, no solution - but then, this would´ve been a lousy compromise.
bad Now... those of you who haven't seen this, would probably go in to this movie with extremely high standards, and I don't blame you. This movie has seriously been recommended, and welcomed by critics. After seeing it for the first time, I understand why.Charlie Kauffman is known for his "Out-Of-The-Ordinary" scripts, and this is no exception. However Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind has something a little extra, something special, and as soon as it starts, you'll know it. What's amazing is that he captures what every true love story has, into one relationship... that of Joel and Clementine's. The idea of having one person in the world for everyone is supported.The acting is superb, both Jim Carrey and Kate Winslet do an excellent job of pulling their weight. They are able to truly become their characters... who in reality, are complete opposites of the two in real life. Jim usually plays the overtly open character, bad mouthing everyone he's p***ed of at. Kate, usually playing the more "innocent-type" characters, damsels in distress, things like that. The two deliver, and I couldn't have imagined anyone else in the roles of Clementine and Joel. I truly believe there are Oscar noms. hiding in this movie for the two leads.The plot of this movie is very unique, very different. Now although going to get parts of your memory erased may seem corny at first, it truly shows the fact that are brains are misunderstood parts of our body, and no matter how hard we try to forget something, it will always find it's way back to us.The ending makes perfect sense, and while being tastefully done, it doesn't ruin the movie in any shape or form. While it is not one of those completely open-ended endings, some things are still left out in the air, to think about ourselves, and those are always more fun.Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind, is one of those things that if you never take the time to sit down and watch this remarkable film, you'll end up regretting it for the rest of your life. And after you finally do watch it, I honestly think, you wouldn't want to erase the memory of this movie, even if you had the chance."How Happy Is The Blameless Vestal's Lot, The World Forgetting, By The World Forgot. Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind, Each Prayer Accepted, Each Wish Resigned." "Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind" 9.895/10*****
bad Definitely not 9.0 there are so many plot holes ... starlord not waiting for the team to take off thanos gloves before he acted, thanos making light weight of the hulk with one stone but couldn't do that to iron man or even captain America with 5 stones ... after the beginning of the movie we don't see the hulk anymore .dont even mention Thor it seems like everything he learnt in Thor ranarok was forgotten and finally all the ones we disappeared at the end we all know they'll be back because they have movies scheduled for next year..... I'm not sure if Disney paid people to rate this movie this high or people turn off their brains before watching this or most people prefer destruction and people punching each other over a good storyline. 6/10 because the visuals were stunning.
bad I did and I lost two and a half hours of my life that I can never regain again.I honestly have no idea what the critics and fans see in this movie. And that's not because I can't appreciate "art". I love a good film with profound messages, brilliant cinematography, and great directing.This film just isn't one of them.My main complaint about this film is that it's so horribly slow-paced, to the point of boring its audience to death. On the other hand, sequences of dialog go by too quickly and there's not enough exposition to let people who haven't read the book know what's going on (My mother had mercy on me and explained everything before I watched it). Would it have killed them to hire a narrator? At least for the beginning and the end? Let me break it down for you: (Spoilers throughout) For the first two minutes you are treated to a black screen with no music, waiting for the actual movie to begin.For the following minute and a half, you see several pictures of sunrises and savanna landscapes. Like the audience couldn't figure out how to set the scene unless they saw the establishing shot three or four times.The next eleven minutes are occupied with the grunting monkeys. They fight, see the monolith, fight some more, pommel things with a bone. Supposedly they are prehistoric men whose evolution is being influenced by the monolith's singing. Not that you could tell if you hadn't read the book.*Finally* we get into space. Only to be subjected to twelve minutes of ships slowly spinning to the Blue Danube Waltz (A pretty quick-tempo-ed waltz as I understand, yet here it feels absolutely agonizing). At last we get some innocuous dialog and rather cryptic exposition about the government not letting people land on the moon. We are left to wonder about this for fourteen more minutes of Blue Danube and spinning ships and neat camera tricks with anti-gravity.Next comes four minutes of watching a ship travel over the surface of the moon and dock at a space station. We get a little more exposition in a board room scene that follows. Then we're back outside traveling at a snail's pace over the moon. A second monolith is revealed, again filling our ears with that horrible ringing (I had no idea that was an actual piece of music!). The monolith does its little light show and then the plot jumps forward.*Seven* minutes of watching the ship to Jupiter travel. By this point in time my brains had turned into mush. Could it be moving any slower? Maybe it's "realistic" to portray it as such, but we still don't need to see five or six different shots of the same thing to grasp the concept of its "realism". Let me tell you about this "realism" thing; I cheered when the secondary astronaut character died. Not because I'm a sadist and like watching people die, but because after five minutes I was just so annoyed at the sound of his darn breathing! I'm supposed to care about this character, feel when he dies! Instead I found myself waiting for blissful silence whatever way it came.Anyway, now we get to the most interesting part of the film-the part with HAL. Forget Dave the stick-of-wood protagonist. The real star of the show is that coldly impersonal, chillingly villainous, ruthlessly merciless bad guy of a computer. He's great. And the "Open the pod bay doors" sequence is wonderful. But it's too short. And it's not long before the director once again lapses into too-long goings on.Four minutes for HAL to die. And die he does. Slowly, painfully, losing intelligence with every minute, voice getting lower and slower, singing "Daisy, Daisy", all with a low and constant hissing that becomes just as annoying as the heavy breathing.Seven minutes of flying colors as Dave enters the monolith. Seven. I could FEEL my brains melting and dripping out of my ears! Seven full minutes of absolutely nothing but some guy's whacked out psychedelic version of space travel, again with that thrice-cursed chorus! We got the idea at the beginning of the sequence! Why drag it out so long? Unless he wanted to make LSD users go psychotic and have flashbacks.I'm not even going to try to explain the ending, mostly because I don't quite get it myself. Supposedly he's in an alien research laboratory and they're teaching him deep and profound things while he watches himself getting older and older and then they send him back to earth as some kind of cosmic celestial space baby. None of this comes across in the film. For all you know, it's just a sequence of images with no purpose or plot whatsoever. A lot of the movie felt that way.The first time I tried watching this movie I gave up halfway through. The second time I suffered through this sore excuse for a film, it was to help my sister time the sequences to see how long they lasted. It's that boring.Call this crummy film "art" if you wish. I wouldn't. I've seen more interesting "art" in the local museum. And I am never subjecting myself to this kind of suffering ever again.
bad Holy crap is this movie terrible. There is not one decent piece of this film that makes me want to continue watching it after 15 minutes. Over sexualized dance scenes, terribly choreographed fight scenes, crap plot, etc. this movie just blows goats.
bad That's like saying Ryan Reynolds carried 'Buried.' When I saw the trailer, I had high expectations - and for the most part, 'The Shallows' delivered. A solid, but overrated performance by Blake Lively, and a nice slow pace. However, the entire film blows up during the final showdown. I kept reading about the whole buoy scene, and thought to myself - well, how bad can it be? Turns out, it's some of the worst collection of scenes in the last five years. It ranks up/down there with the 'Fast & Furious' tunnel scene.Horror fans are so desperate for a decent film, it's no wonder they label this as the 'Jaws for this generation.' Yeah. It's not even close to 'Jaws' in ANY generation. 'Jaws' had superior acting to the extent of third man Robert Shaw's performance blowing any performance you'll see in 'The Shallows' out of the water - pun intended. And 'Bruce The Shark' is still one of the most frightening monsters in the genres history - where the CGI loaded nonsense we get in 'The Shallows' is borderline amateur, and reaches the point of hilarity.Random Ramblings of a Madman: I'm not going to compare the great 'Jaws' to a film that's not even as good as 'The Reef' or 'Open Water.' I enjoyed both of those films, by the way.
bad If your a real fan of Greek Myth or history and have studied and/or read the Iliad, then sorry to say this series so far delivers nothing close to that epic poem. I'm not gonna get into the SJW stuff and media bias. Characters are poorly represented, the story is far from anything close to the Iliad, it is dark settings, seems cheap production and looks nothing like bronze age Greece/Troy in a form. Looks more like the dark ages. It simply is very boring and bad story writing. To they just love to pump things out now for movies and tv series and then get critics and media to just support all this garbage. Paris, comes out like a drunk dumb fool. Hector like a weakling thus far. The only thing the probably got right is naming Aphrodite in Greek and selecting a beautiful female to fit the role. At least with Troy with Brad Pit was a movie that maximized my utility for entertainment as a young man/teen.
bad When u will finish this movie u will certainly praise one thing first..obviously that will be the plot of it..A surprising one as well as too much psychology mixer..too much unbelievable..too too unpredictable..All the way down to the end of the tunnel the story circles around a confusing central truth...The truth of a human mind..the mind which planes to perform a complete perfect crime.A husband makes his mind to kill his wife is not too uncommon.But the story describes much more complexity about the standing of his son..u will see which way the son goes..Mother or Father?????The movie is plotted in the background of early 19s..This also has added a lot of smooth surface in the overall progress.All those fascinating and animatic moves and actions are absent from here. Rather it is full of slow emotions and motions of life.Slowly flowing with a certain destination. All the dark side of human being is exposed but in a year dated back to 1922 ..not in 2017.That makes the movie more impressive.The cinematography of the movie is also very attractive...A farm house full of crops around it like a western picture..Very very eye catching..Reminded me the movie 'The days of heaven".Those green crops bounded by sands and muddy roads..Blue horizontal sky above..Brown hut shaped well furnished farm houses..With every inch of mindblowing graphics..One of the best aspect of the movie is though it is a horror movie it has less heart beating scenes compared to traditional one.Rather the horror scenes are more cause effective and purposeful..Some are still capable of producing electrical impulse in you..But mostly don't feature the accustomed horror movies i must guarantee it..Finally I haven't read the novel of Stephen King..But my request to those who have read it please don't compare it with the novel.Always writing is better tolerated than acting..And Novels are often far better than the movies.And those like me no comparison with novel freely go for a 1hour 41Minute turbulence of emotions..Darkness and ultimate surprise.
bad How anyone can take 100 million dollars, a tremendous cast and the characters of one of the all-time great children's books and get this tedious drivel is beyond me. The moment I realised that the opening 'pirate adventure' was not just a dream sequence but rather the 'reality' side of some new post-feminist iteration of Alice's life, I knew that I was going to hate this movie - and it did not let me down. All I can hope for is that the dismal returns on Disney's investment guarantees that the studio won't desecrate another classic. Wishful thinking I'm sure - they didn't learn anything from John Carter. There is a reason why people still avidly read these books a century after they were written - they are that good - they don't need to be rewritten, updated, have their characters co-opted or their name and tradition exploited.
bad This movie was so bad, I made a IMDB account just so I can comment on how bad it is.I've seen many many movies in my life but this, stands out as one of the worst ones.
bad "I did not hit her! It's not true! It's bulls***t! I did not hit her! I did NOTTT. Oh hi, Mark." – Tommy Wiseau (The Room) Released in 2003, "The Room" would have faded into obscurity had it not, like most of Ed Wood's films, possessed the right mixture of sincerity, god-awful ineptness, and unintentional humour. Within months the film had become a cult classic, playing in packed Los Angeles theatres to legions of screaming fans.What makes the film hilarious is Tommy Wiseau, a talentless and egotistical auteur, who wrote, directed, produced, financed and starred in this six million dollar flick. The classic self-important European artist, Wiseau sees himself, not only as a serious actor, but a serious writer and director. He thinks he's written a Shakespearean plot, when in reality this is a childish love triangle. He thinks his dialogue flies like Tennessee Williams, but in reality it is worse than that offered by the Disney Channel. He thinks his direction rivals Cassavetes, but in reality...well, he was so confused, he shot the film on both HD and celluloid cameras, mounted side by side because he didn't know which camera was which.And yet there is something captivating about Wiseau's performance. His accent is odd, he approaches each word from a strange angle, he puts emphasis on the wrong syllables, he structures sentences in off kilter rhythms, he inserts punctuation in the wrong places and has his dialogue branch off in weird tangents. Listening to Wiseau speak is like watching the English language being re-invented. It should be god awful, but it's strangely interesting. Like David Mamet, his intonations, his verbal tempo, is almost balletic.Whilst all the actors in the film are bad – soft-core porn bad – Wiseau imbues the film with a kind of transcendent badness. He's not bad, so much as he is unaware of the rules of good. He's so earnest, so confident that his performance, that his art, is the epitome of quality, that his ineptness renders the whole production farcical.With regards to the film's plot, there are themes of cancer, betrayal, drug abuse, and infidelity, but it's all handled in an awkward way akin to a kindergarten play. At times whole lines of dialogue are dubbed over, often with no regard to the actor's lip movements. Like Ed Wood's "Plan Nine From Outer Space", characters are also oddly replaced by other actors half way through the film, no explanation given. Throw in countless shots of the Golden Gate Bridge, an epically stupid ending, some hilariously badly written dialogue – "Leave your stupid comment in your pocket!", "Chocolate is a symbol of love!", "What kind of money?", "I definitely have breast cancer", "I needed money so I bought drugs!", "I'm fed up of this wur-urld!" - and you have the funniest "so bad it's good" film since Ed Wood.7.5/10 – Comedy gold. Snippets from this film can be seen at the following links:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7S9Ew3TIeVQhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQ4KzClb1C4http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LR1oG8-JajM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Plz-bhcHrychttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnnTqFTHGucAs you can see, Wiseau's performance is strangely captivating. He has been described as "Borat trying to do an impression of Christopher Walken playing a mental patient". How apt.
bad In Quentin Tarantino's Django Unchained, there is a scene in which Django (Jamie Fox), soon after being freed by the incredibly likable dentist turned bounty hunter, Dr. King Schultz (Christoph Waltz), shops for new clothes to wear. Schultz tells Django to pick out whatever he likes. Django looks at the smiling white man in disbelief. You're gonna let me pick out my own clothes? Django can't believe it. The following shot delivered one of the biggest laughs from the audience I watched the film with. After the white man confirms that yes, he is indeed letting the black man pick out his own clothes, we cut to a wide shot of Django riding his horse, now decked out in his very own (outlandish) cowboy outfit—an all blue with white ruffle get-up. It's a great little scene that provides humor and allows the viewer to further warm up to the two main protagonists. But it also does more than that. It's a simple scene that speaks for the whole film. It's an affirmation that this man of color is now free and able to make his own decisions. The choice he made concerning his extravagantly loud outfit acts as a warning to those that plan to stand in his way—watch out, here I come, I ain't gonna be quiet no more.And the humor the scene provides echoes the entire film—it wants us to get comfortable with our hero. Tarantino knows that a man of color makes an unconventional hero in a revenge- flick—that's why he made the film. When was the black man going to get his revenge film? It's been long overdue. With Django Unchained, that film has finally arrived and it has arrived in style. Beautifully shot, wonderfully acted, and meticulously written, it's Tarantino at his most epic.
bad There are millions of comedies like "Private Benjamin". They are like TV shows that turn out the same joke week after week, (and "Private Benjamin" itself turned into a TV show). The best ones work and stay in the memory, not because the jokes are great, (though sometimes they are), but because the players are good and can develop the characters beyond the mere limitations of the gag. ("Frasier" and "The Golden Girls" fall into this category).The jokes in "Private Benjamin" are not particularly original but they are funny, and they are funny because there is a near-great comedienne at the heart of Howard Zieff's film. With the right director Goldie Hawn's kookie, goof-ball wooziness was just about perfect and Zieff brings it out. Her character is the kind of woman who needs a good shaking, (Bette Davis would have made mincemeat out of her), but you love her all the same. At least until she starts making a fool of herself with Armand Assante's French sleaze-ball and the film loses it's comic momentum.There is at least one other grand-standing comic turn from Eileen Brennan as Hawn's drill sergeant. Brennan's like a slightly butcher Mae West, (I think we're meant to assume she's a lesbian), and she gives her lines the kind of inflection that West did. Between them they raise the ante on this one.
bad Honestly, I'm not a Twilight doomsayer. I found the first couple at least fair to decent, but the series did deteriorate.When I watched and cackled during Breaking Dawn Part 1, I couldn't believe how bad the film was, but my wife, in her wisdom and accuracy said 'you shouldn't see part 2 then'. I responded with 'well part 1 was terrible - generally without dialogue or direction and the CG that has been awful through the other movies has continued the tradition in part 1.' Honestly, those wolves are so poorly modeled and animated, it's painful.My wife looked at me and said, 'I really don't want to be in the room with you if you watch part 2'. She was right. She didn't want to be in the room.OMG, that baby was complete freakshow. I think Sharktopus on the SciFi channel was built and rigged better. Baby needs bloom.Part 2 sadly is without dialogue or direction. The special effects cause a migration in the film from just bad to humorous so that leaves me with this rating.I might have rated it slightly higher if it hadn't cost so much. I know where the money went in this film, but it wasn't in production, creation, concept or detail.Enjoy the film if you can
bad If I just could take back the time that I wasted on that movie, I would! The movie was a mess. Despite the beautiful shots that have been done in the movie it is a complete waste of time watching it - the movie has no logic, it has no arrival point nor has it any point at all. The movie is like a bag of random weird ideas (with the intention to be creative) that have been mixed with each other and, there it is. Not recommend! It seems like the idea should have been to create something that is unique and has never been done before but I would say it was a huge fail because it did not come out like that. Starting with a weird episode of a king killing a sea monster who's heart must be cooked and eaten by the queen in order to be able to give birth to a child.. it's not creative, it's just ridiculous and does not match with any fantasy movie.. it's just weird and that's all!
bad And once again Hollywood proves it has run out of original ideas. Why else would they remake this movie? Back in 1981, when special effects were beginning to take serious root in films, we had the original CLASH OF THE TITANS. It had some cheesy claymation mixed with some less cheesy special effects. But it did have a story. A damn good one. Sure there were action sequences, especially when Perseus (Harry Hamlin) met up with Medusa. But these action scenes were barely a few minutes long. The story of the gods, how they felt about humanity (and how humanity felt about them) dominated the storyline. Yes, there was an ACTUAL story.Fast forward to 2010 and you get this ...this ...this mess-of-a-remake that relies almost solely on CGI and, well, basically nothing else.The brief understanding of the god/human relationship is thrust aside in favor of action scenes galore which have squat to do with the story. There are so many throwaway characters as to be laughable. And 3-D? For marketing purposes only. Save yourself some cash and see it in 2-D ...if at all.My son went with me to see it (he's as much of a movie junky as I am) and we both nearly fell asleep for lack of anything approaching a viable understanding of who was carrying the storyline. We still ask each other, "What was the point, again?" Sam Worthington seems to be a hot commodity in today's movie market. TERMINATOR SALVATION and AVATAR are two of his more recent accomplishment. And although I found those two to be lukewarm in terms of story, they at least kept me engaged enough not to yawn. And Liam Neeson has also been splattered all over film posters (from TAKEN to KINGDOM OF HEAVEN). But a god? And Zeus for that matter? Not the best casting choice. He just didn't have the presence I was expecting. Perhaps the story (or lack thereof) stifled his performance. Probably.I also MUST caution women against seeing this if they enjoyed the strong roles in the 1981 original. You'll find no such comparisons here. There's really no good female character to be found. The closest was Alexa Davalos (DEFIANCE) as Perseus' love interest, Andromeda. But her role is so laughably short and misunderstood that you won't care what happens to her (and things do happen).My final word of caution comes to those of us (all of us) struggling in today's economy. We need our escapism, and sometimes (occasionally) Hollywood allows us to have it. But not here. You might as well sit on the toilet and release the crappen!
bad The first hour of this movie concerns a bunch of guys at a wedding reception. They spend their time drinking and not saying much, so we don't know who they are. Hmmmmm. Eventually we learn that these guys are going to 'fight for their country in Vietnam' (apparently without joining the army first.) At this point, you'll really start to go 'hmmmm....' The guys, who work in Pennsylvania, leave the wedding reception, still boxed out on beer, and travel (a 45 minute drive) to the Canadian Rockies to hunt elk. Hmmmm. Next, they show up in Vietnam. Apparently they made a special deal with the U.S. Army to serve in the same squad. Hmmmmm.Next, they are all in a hut in the jungle playing Russian Roulette. I think they are being forced to by sinister villains, but I'm not sure. Hmmmmm.Two of the guys are rescued, but one guy disappears, to pursue a career as world reigning Russian roulette champion. Seven or three or five years later, DeNiro goes back to Saigon to rescue him. Apparently the roulette champion had been lucky enough to last years playing this deadly game and made a fortune. Will his luck hold out? Hmmmmmm. Anyway, The last day the Americans are in Vietnam, and refugees are killing themselves to rush the last helicopter at the embassy, DeNiro shows up on a commercial flight, casually strolling through the Saigon airport. Hmmmmm.I think they call it suspension of disbelief. Hmmmmmm.
bad I was really looking forward to this movie and only ended up with a huge deception. The script is messy and there are way too many characters that are too quickly introduced. Many of these "villains" would require a whole movie to give intensity to their character... I really feel like DC just wanted to have as big an audience as possible without spending a penny on the script. Some good things are the special effects , the movie is overall very beautiful to watch. Some characters need a bravo for their wonderful roles: Harley Quinn mostly... The others are kind of empty to me. And some are very very bad like enchantress who mumbles in a foreign language all along and whose only 3 lines in English SUCK (when she asks Flag to destroy enchantress instead of saving her blabla). The Joker doesn't have a place in the movie, his role does not add anything to it and half of his lines are... awkward moans. El Diablo's behavior is predictable from the very beginning, Batman really wasn't necessary, Katana's few lines are desperately cheesy, etc... As a conclusion, the viewer is unable to feel a link whatsoever to any of the characters since their stories are disappointingly and quickly told. The acting of many characters does not help, whether they were just bad or the director asked them to play in that un-subtle fashion. The script is disjoint, flashbacks don't add much quality or intensity to the movie, and the "big plot" revealed at the end is... not much of a secret since the viewer KNOWS enchantress escaped from the hands of Waller. I feel like this is a big commercial move from DC to attract people... However, this will only disgust the people who were fans of the heroes/villains in the beginning. Money over quality
bad This was Alfred Hitchcock's first American-made film. Quite frankly, I'm amazed at how well Hitchcock "got" what American audiences wanted in their suspense films, hitting them out of the park from the moment he began working in the US. Apart from being a tad bit long, this is a well made film. I love the inside of Mandalay and Sir Laurence Olivier played a wonderful mysterious and sullen Maximillian De Winter opposite his new wife, a beautiful and naive young Joan Fontaine who is never even given a name here, probably deliberately and in keeping with how mousy and "second hand" she feels about herself in relation to the first and late Mrs. De Winter, who is actually Rebecca from the title.Of course there is also George Sanders, playing the type of character he is best known for--sarcastic, snobby, self-assured, pompous, witty and verbose. He hits the nail on the head as Rebecca's "cousin" - so he calls himself. Of course the most eerie and unsettling character was Mrs. Danvers, Rebecca's housekeeper or "maid in waiting." Danvers takes great pains in sabotaging the second Mrs. De Winter's marital relationship with Max de Winter,--even going as far as calmly urging her to to plunge to her death into the water from Rebecca's bedroom window at Mandalay. There are a couple of twists in this movie, but I won't give them away. It's best if you watch them unfold yourself in true Hitchcockian style.I will say that Rebecca, the first wife of Max de Winter, is NEVER seen, but we learn about her by what is said about her by the various characters, even going as far as seeing the untouched shrine of a bedroom maintained by Mrs. Danvers. But soon you learn that Rebecca was never the perfect wife Danvers and others make her out to be. The ending is a surprise in more way than one, and yet Mrs. Danvers gets the last word in her own way. A great movie by Alfred Hitchcock and David O. Selznick.
bad Saw this movie yesterday, left very disappointed. I read some of the reviews so I wasn't expecting too much, but it was even worse than I had thought it would be. The writing was utterly terrible, the plot was poorly done, and even the acting was only decent, a surprising result considering the well-known cast. The overall concept of The Circle initially sounds interesting, but when explored in depth and presented through the film, multiple flaws can be found and at times, it almost seems "stupid". As the movie progresses, the main character's choices and actions seem contradictory to how she was introduced, and it becomes hard for the audience to relate to her and put themselves in her shoes. By the end of the movie, it became quite clear that The Circle had hoped to offer some profound social commentary on technology and human behaviour, but ultimately failed to do so by creating such a predictable and "cheesy" film. The dialogue was almost laughable at times, and there wasn't a single character that felt complex or real. While somewhat entertaining due to the futuristic depictions of technology and fast-paced plot, The Circle offers little more than that. Rather than provoke discussion or any deep thoughts after viewing, it leaves you with a large sense of disappointment and dissatisfaction with the way in which the writing and the story were carried out, as well as frustration with the immense amount of plot holes and motive flaws. Overall, The Circle tries to make a name for itself amongst the many "dangers of technology" movies, but as always, lazy writing and a poor and predictable plot can only lead to the disappointing result it ends up being. See The Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 instead. Anything else.
bad During its time, Baywatch was the most watched, most talked about, most hyped and most commercially successful venture on modern television. It is therefore quite strange to see its low rating on IMDb and its extensive criticism from wannabe critics.Lets be honest here. It was'nt always about babes and unrealistic heroics. A good chunk of the series was dedicated to proper story lines, good acting and good action. It was very well written and very well executed.Perhaps people have gotten used to an idea that grotesque reality is what TV should reflect? Thats pretty stupid. Baywatch represents a very happy and positive atmosphere and place, bordering on fantasy. It should be commended for at least trying to show a happy world.
bad I was so excited for this. I LOVE Lucy Hale! I thinks she's really good at what she does! I wanted to turn this movie off in the first 5 mins, but I thought I would keep watching, just in case it got better. I was excited to see that Austin Butler was a main character. But he was only shown for 5 mins and than he died? Like what? Lucy hale is the one person who could act the whoe time. Very poor script writing! If your best friend just died in a car crash, wouldn't you have fears about driving to and from school again? One scene Austin died and than the characters are all acting as if nothing happened??? There's more to high school than getting drunk, high and pimple outbreaks. But apparently there isn't... very dissapointed. Don't watch this!
bad OK so the first movie ("Divergent"), despite what the people who read the books say, was basically another soap opera - slash - action movie directed at what I am guessing teen audience. Just like Mockingjay, just like Maze Runner. But despite the absolute soap overload in some parts at least the plots were somewhat original though they all had that tell-tale post-apocalyptic-dystopic- 1984ish plot commonality, but all of them kinda "did okay" at least in each own way and at least managed to have SOME major and original plot differences that made them over all okay and entertaining to watch.But this movie... oh boy. Flying "cars", even more conspiracy nonsense, small flying discs that create placenta (or was it "plasma"? lol) bubbles around people, small spheres that create a forcefield/illusion/barrier/something, more evil manipulative characters that make no sense, new evil characters, new absurdities of human behavior.... and genetic manipulation? Genetic projects? Memory wiping gas-serum-something? Or how about this: poisonous wasteland covered in radioactive puddles and 100% scorched earth and not a single vegetable left alive... but guess what, people live there, in tents and stuff. Probably doing pow-wows to entertain each other or some other nonsense.I am at a loss. The plot of the movie Vs the actors and the way it was filmed is like... like... eating a pancake, a pretty good one, but there's just one pancake and the rest is a bucket of cream, chocolate, syrup, candy canes, cake sprinkles and whatever else dumped on it. OK another analogy: imagine if a hyperactive 6 year old had to write the plot of all Star Wars movies. Sure there would be action by the boatloads, but the plot would make absolutely no sense. A total overdose of hyped up nonsense, and this is exactly what this movie is. Literally 30 mins into the movie the plot just went supersonic and went in one eye and out the other. Absolute garbage that made no sense at all. Plus the plot now has like 100 different cliffhangers to hang on to, so they'll be milking this movie until the next coming of Christ or until the audiences are just numbed by the continuous river of nonsense that this movie is.Oh and last thing - IMDb mods, better wake up and do your job. Some of the reviews here are so flat, so like a rant a used car salesman would make that they are obviously paid/fake and are not honest... like not at all.
bad I like non-main stream flicks - Blue Velvet, Boxing Helena, and so on. I like comedy that is not dependent on stupid sight gags or scatological humor. This movie had been out for a few years before I watched it. It was, I had heard, a gem that was waiting for me. I had looked forward to it greatly.I didn't find any aspect of the movie funny, other than the enigma that it's well liked by many.I suppose this is where I differ from most - I don't find a guy walking around with a mixed drink all the time funny. I don't find Dan Conner overreaching as a guy who is a Vietnam vet freaking out about anything funny, particularly because that's been done before. I don't find the Italian guy acting fooling while bowling to be funny. I don't find referencing a guy as "the dude," with article obligatory, to be funny. And on and on. What's funny? Dennis Miller. He's funny. George Carlin. He's funny. The Big Lebowski - not funny.I really don't have any comment on the ins and outs of the movie. Just not funny, and, given that it's a comedy, that, to me, is a fatal mistake.
bad Bad acting, bad storyline, and adult actors (some rather of mature age) acting like 16 year olds.
bad After the financial success of The Mummy two years earlier, the sequel was inevitable. The big players from the first film are back, Brendan Fraser, Rachel Weisz, John Hannah, Arnold Vosloo and Oded Fehr. Stephen Sommers once again directs (and writes), Patricia Velasquez comes in to be a main player after her cameo in the first film, and young Freddie Boath plays the son of Rick and Evelyn who are now married. This time the cameo goes to Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson who plays The Scorpion King and who is replaced by a very bad CGI version of himself at film's finale.When the second sequel, The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor (2008), was released, Brendan Fraser went on record as saying that for The Mummy Returns they basically remade the film they had already made in 1999! This is absolutely true, some new characters and an expansion on the O'Connell romance have been put in to beef it up, while some Zombie Pygmies are around to add extra monster factor, but yes! It's a retread only with more money spent, more effects (and better effects apart from Scorpion King) and more noise. This actually is OK for those who enjoyed the first film immensely, because "Returns" is every bit as enjoyable as family blockbuster entertainment. The Worldwide box offices rang to the tune of over $330 million in profit. That's a lot of happy families you would think!So yes, it's a bit of a cheat, but much like the film before it, it gets away with it because the makers do everything they can to entertain the action/adventure loving crowd. With legions of Anubis warriors, those awesome Pygmies and the all round funny by-play between a cast comfortable with the material (again), The Mummmy Returns delivers exactly what can reasonably be expected of it. 7/10
bad I really liked the initial idea of a society in which, fantasy creatures and humans live together and problems perform somewhere between reality and fantasy. Concepts like this can be deep by exploring human nature in either a comedic or serious way, or both. And certainly an action thriller can do this in its own rights compared to other genres. But Bright fails on nearly every level.The story is simple and at the same time so confusing, that I wondered for a long time what is going on. At some point they are searching for a wand, but I really don't know why. except that it is wanted by a dark lord and magic is somewhat dangerous. A simple storyline is no problem at all. If the movie would follow it through consistantly, But it doesn't. All the story elements are thrown in way too casual and are often only explained on sidenotes, without ever getting a real foundation within the movie. So what is the movie about?Is it the first orcish policemen who struggles to find a footage in either his community or his colleagues? Is it the elves who as an upper class that has traitors in their lines that work for the dark lord? Is it the human cop who himself is an outsider among his colleagues and struggles with the danger of his job within his family? Is it the chemistry between the orcish policeman and his partner after the orc is responsible for the human getting shot? Who is the dark lord, what does he want and why do some elves end up with him? Let aside questions like: How did a world like this evolve? Why is Jakoby the first orc to be a cop? What do they mean when they say, that the orcs decided to be evil 2000 years ago?Well the movie is about all of the above and nothing really.The movie in the end sticks with the one idea that provides the most action, which is the wand and the dark lord, loosely follows the problems of the orcish Jakoby and ends up with a boring plot, that just goes along with whatever works for the next action scene. Problem with this is that action scenes and one liners end up, to be everything the movie has to deliver and even the actions scenes become pale embedded in everything else that falls flat within the movie.It is a buddy cop story for which the fantasy elements do nothing to create something fresh but are just paced on something we have seen too many times already. Everything is clicheed up to the worst point possible even for an action movie. This movie is a wasted potential and a bad one at this.
bad I started going to the movies when I was about 8 or 9 years old. I am now 71 years old. My oldest daughter and I have tried to get to the newest movie, every weekend, for the past 35 years. When watching movies, I never complain about the actor/actress in the movie. My concern is the writer/director of the movie. Acting,now, is like working at McDonald's was when I was growing up. There is so much money involved in movie making that with a few classes, young people can make a living in the movie industry. I have a nephew, living in L.A., that started right out of high school working with a crew that puts "set's" together for movies and TV. He even got credit at the end of some of the movies he worked on. Amazing that a person can get credit for putting furniture on and off a set.I put in my summary that I was not just disappointed in this movie, but angry. I am not angry at the movie, the actor's, the CGI, or the Director. I think that I am angry at the movie industry for allowing this kind of crap to be put in the theater. I am angry, because I actually paid money to see this piece of crap. I am angry because Riddley Scott promised so much more. I thought that "Prometheus" was actually pretty good,despite it flaws. It was a movie about possibilities and that is what science fiction is for. The possibilities ended when the mentally Ill android, destroyed the Engineers. I am now done with this series of movies, there is no more story to tell. A mentally ill human (Weyland), created a mentally ill android (David), who created Xenomorphs that kill humans. That's it folks, the story is over,no need for two more pieces of crap like this.Thanks to Alien Covenant, I am done going to the movie theater. I will not pay another dime to go to the theater. We movie lovers are being abused by the movie industry. I have told you a better story in less than a thousand words then this piece of crap told anyone on planet earth. Ridley had 97 Million dollars to tell us a better story and he didn't. If you have not paid to see it, don't pay to see it. Wait until it comes to your steaming device and see it for free. That way you can't be disappointed or angry. Please forgive the rambling.
bad I was a big fan of "Kids" and expected the same amount of intellectually subtle social commentary in this movie. I could not wait to get out of the theater.. If I had not paid so much for my ticket, I would have gotten up and left halfway through the movie. IT IS AWFUL! It is astonishing to me that this generation finds a movie this horribly scripted, filmed, and thought-out to be good. It is not controversial, racy, or thought- provoking. It gives no insight, message, or underlying theme. It isn't that I do not like controversial, bad-ass, or vulgar films.. I do. This film offered none of that! I love films that give insight into a generation or group of people that others do not generally interact with; but this movie did not even accurately portray these things. I want this movie to get buried forever.
bad The first act of A Cure For Wellness shows great promise. The set up and the initial premise are solid and as a viewer I had high hopes that I was going to get something unique and original. I guess you could argue that it is fairly original, but unfortunately after the first act things get weird, but not in a good way. The film becomes unsettling but also any sense of jeopardy or suspense is choked to death by the brain crushingly slow pace. Every scene is drawn out to the nth degree making the film a real tedious watch. When the 3rd act comes along I waited for a good twist and a sharp resolution, but the ending of this film has more in common with Return of the King than any John Carpenter horror. There are a few revelations some of which aren't surprising at all and others which are unexpected but just plain stupid. With a running time of almost two and a half hours this film wears your patience thin. With about 50 minutes edited out it could have been a 5 out of 10, but even then, I think a lot of people will be put off by some of the creepy elements of the film, and by creepy I mean unpleasant and pervy rather than scary. A disappointment.
bad (Some spoiler free views about the movie)Insidious : Chapter 3 wasn't enough of an unnecessary addition to the Insidious franchise, so we got this one. This one does have some good elements in it, and definitely more of the bad ones. All in all, the film felt like a below average "horror" film. This film really felt underwhelming to me, and I already had very less expectations. If the franchise is to proceed further (no pun intended), they need to change the direction or reboot it. But the best thing would be to stop it right here. On my own scale, I would give it a "4.1/10" score. And on the usual A+ to F scale, it would get a "D+".(Discussion about how I personally felt about the movie)Good : What this film does good is it adds some more depth to the character of Elise. They give the back story and all, along with some "origins" of Elise. Her character moments are quite good. Some jump-scares, particularly one or two, were good ones. And ... that's it. Mixed : None of the parts were "mixed", just good or bad. Bad : The remaining of the film, just like the third one, felt more like a typical "haunted house" story, rather than an "Insidious" film. The concept of astral projection they brought in the first film has been turned into a mere plot device ever since the third one, this fourth installment clearly isn't an exception. Honestly, I feel that is the thing that made the first two films what they were. And the way "The Further" works has been quite a bit ludicrous ever since the second one, the ludicrousness increased in the third one and now in this one, everything convenient to the plot can be done in "The Further". Just like astral projection, this is just a plot device now. And nothing is explained about how the things work to stop that demon. It was just "you're watching a horror film, so anything that we do for our convenience, you should accept it, no matter we build it or not" sort of bullshit. The jokes that the two "sidekicks" of Elise crack were CRINGE-WORTHY. Just some perverted moments time and again, some unnecessary bullshit, most of the comedic parts feel out of place and did not match the tone of the film. And even though the jokes and all that stupid stuff felt out of place, this film felt like a comedy more than horror. Speaking of horror, it just had jump-scares, none of which made a real sense. Remove them, nothing is "horror". Also, some predictable and obvious "Insidious" twists at some places, which no longer feel appealing. Also, "The Last Key" ..... I am still wondering what was so special about the key, except for Elise giving the demon the last key. It was just a demon who manipulated Elise's father and had fingers made up of keys which served some vague purpose not explained in the movie. The demon when appears in some jump-scares, it scares (at least). But when it really shows up, nothing is speacial about it. So, where's the horror? Scaring and terrifying are different things, and for a good horror film, most of us prefer the terrifying stuffs. The presence of demon serves no purpose? And he's the only demon?!! And how is that blowing a whistle calls Elise's mother to rescue her and a single kick kills the demon? (If only it had some purpose and some story added to the part of the demon like in the first two, it might have worked.) Also, what's with her Elise's dad's spirit dying in "The Further"? There are many such questions unanswered by the film and this is not obviously an "Inception-themed" or "Memento-themed" movie, this was just an incomprehensible mess of a movie. Then, there's a scene of Elise opening the boxes to realize the killings her father committed, where we were teased of jump-scares, and we didn't get a jump-scare at the first time, and after a couple of stupid teasings we get a jump-scare. And if the makers thought we won't be able to predict what they were doing in this scene, they're fools. See? A scene committed to an unnecessary jump-scare, but nothing done to give some actual horror. Doesn't that prove that horror film makers don't know what horror is? And where's that man dressed as bride in a black dress trying to kill Elise, which was supposed to follow her every time she went into "The Further"? The film ties up with the events of the first one, which clearly creates some plot holes as the entire film was about astral projection but the way this film ties it up shows as if it was something similar to this film, making this more of a nonsense. In fact, the best part of this film is that it had some scenes from the first Insidious film, which reminded me how good the first two were. Rest of all, unnecessary crap.
bad Possible Spoilers One of the simplest movies ever made, yet one of the most poignant. Of particular note is the title of the film, which serves, in retrospect, to illustrate deSicca's main point. In English, the singular title "The Bicylce Thief" causes the viewer to question who really is the bicycle thief in the movie? It is logical to conclude that the title refers to the main character, whom the film closely chronicles. But to call the hopeless, dejected character, with whom the viewer has empathized for the entire movie, a thief would be ludicrous, unless- by calling such a man a "thief"- deSicca is making a more powerful commentary on an inability to define a person or his actions as absolutely good or absolutely evil- the two terms are not mutually exclusive, as there is a blurring between the two that occurs when other factors are considered. The title serves as a reminder that not all criminals are evil- some have been motivated out of good intentions and desperation. In the end, the viewer is forced to make a jarring comparison between the "thief" who stole the main char's bicycle and the main char, himself. The irony of the situation causes the viewer to realize his own hypocrisy. Though we formerly considered the first thief to be petty and evil for ruining the main char's life, we can no longer hold such a judgment of him after witnessing the main char do the same- an act which the viewer considers sympathetically. The change in judgment toward the first "thief" which the viewer is forced to make at the film's conclusion is a reminder to the viewer that one's awareness of the circumstances governing a situation can dramatically change one's assessment of the situation. The Italian, plural title "Ladri di Biciclette" serves to generalize the crime, desperation, degradation, to everyman in post-war Italy. I also loved this movie for the portrayed father-son relationship. The little boy did an excellent job in portraying a boy who attempts to act like a grown up in order to help, and therefore gain the approval of, his father.However, by the end of the movie we are reminded that the boy is just a boy (which the father seems to forget at intervals, but realizes when he offers to take him for pizza, etc.). The father also has a dilemma- and not just that he bears the burden of providing for his family monetarily, but that he must provide moral teaching and an example as well. Moreover, the filial relationship serves to better illustrate the theme of blurred definitions of good and evil. The boy's black-and-white ideas on good and evil is juxtaposed with the reality of post-war Italy, in which there can not be such a clear distinction between the two terms-"good" people are forced to do "bad" acts in order to survive. The two different moral characterizations are forced to converge in the young boy, himself, when he witnesses his own father commit a crime. The boy is forced to grow up too soon- i.e., to abandon his absolute views on good and evil in favor of the grey reality in order to grant his father forgiveness. The ending of the film illustrates that though a child may constantly seek approval and confirmation from his father, the approval which a father must seek from his son, though far more subtle and less obvious, plays an equally important and intrinsic role in filial relationships.
bad This movie is a result from corporate decision making based on marketing data. You take everything that has been known to work in this franchise and you mash it in a single installment. Make sure you have an opening for a sequel in there for cash flow continuity!Where's creativity? where's the story? where is the plot? It's a typical Hollywood by the numbers movie production that we see all the time these days. Your DC movies, your marvel movies etc. etc. It's all by the numbers. Hence a by the numbers score of a 6. It's so very average without a standout anywhere.
bad The whole triology draws extreme attention, which is really sad for the film industry, and it says really much of the people today. This triology represents probably the biggest commercial junk there is, and the insane amount of people are here to see it, and, of course, are fulfilling the sole purpose of these films - money. I have watched all three films so I could give a review, but just thinking about it gives me an utter nausea, it was extremely hard to persevere through that toxic waste and to see other people enjoying the same.What gets me the most is that the audience for independent films, art films are extremely small, and for making those films, people give their hearts out, those are the ones that have something to give to the audience and to the film industry itself - pure, raw art.
bad The global idea for this movie was good. Different waves wiping out humans, not bad at all. And then the movie started... First doubt came from the size of the ships... way to small, way too cheap. And then the "This was the last day of my normal life"... great, billions of people were supposed dead during this quote, but we are focused on the fact this was the last day of the normal life of a 15 yo girl... Amazing isn't it? To make it short, if you're not a teenager, and even more, a female teenager, you're going to waste your time... No effects at all, bad acting, and then WTF making 5yo kids wearing guns and going out to "kill aliens"..., no end to the movie at all... Being not personally fascinated by the vision of a man cutting wood or having a bath... I get bored big time from minute lets say 7 to the end. Don't waste your time on this one.
bad Cool Hand Luke is perhaps Paul Newman's most memorable character. He was outstanding as Hud, but he seems to have topped that performance in this 1967 classic.Newman plays a man named Luke. After cutting the heads off some parking meters, he is thrown into a prison system where he's forced to do some hard time tending to country roads. This character has to be one of the biggest enigmas in film history. Luke is likable enough. His mother points out to him that he's even had some good jobs. The viewer is left to ponder why in the heck he can't stay out of trouble.Not much is told about his past. We know he fought WWII, and even won some medals. He has no wife or children to care for. He has a mother who appears to be dying of lung cancer or some such ailment. His other family members seem to hold a grudge against him. We never really learn why he feels the need to cut the heads off the parking meters, but he's caught red-handed. The prison he's sent to makes its inmates work their tails off, but it looks like they'll treat you fairly if you follow their rules. Luke has no intentions of following any rules laid down by the warden or the "bosses" that watch over the road work, though.After taking a tremendous beating from the toughest inmate (Kennedy), Luke quickly begins to win the admiration of his fellow prisoners. His spirit catches on with the others, and they begin to get their work done more quickly and effectively than ever before. Things begin to go downhill for Luke once he learns of his mother's passing. He repeatedly tries to escape, and soon the warden and his cronies are out to break his spirit and make him conform. The film becomes a test of wills, and a fascinating character study.The biggest question the viewer is left with is "why?". Luke could have simply served out his time and then gone on to a more normal existence. That seems to be out of the realm of possibilities for the character, however. He isn't simply out to impress the other prisoners. At one point he even demands they stop trying to feed off of him for all their strength. Luke seems like a man who simply cannot allow others to tell him how to live. There are a few moments where he openly questions the existence of God, but that angle doesn't go very far. It merely makes the guards want to abuse him even more, but that's about it. It becomes almost frustrating to see this man keep digging a bigger and bigger hole for himself. At one point Luke is forced to literally do just that.What exactly is the film trying to tell us? It doesn't seem to be advocating disobedience. We cheer for Luke when he's causing trouble for the guards, but we feel his pain when they punish him. The film's conclusion is more somber than inspiring.Rosenberg's direction is outstanding, and the supporting cast shines. George Kennedy earned an Oscar for his performance. Overall this is an excellent film not to be missed! 10 of 10 stars from The Hound.
bad (I apologize in advance for not noting the names of the characters and their respective actors. It's been a few days and there really wasn't anyone in this movie that had a great performance or had done much else I've seen in the past)I don't expect much from movies like this. Movies are so hit and miss nowadays it's hard to expect a lot from a comedy with a not so original premise and not much fanfare. Not that a movie needs to be hyped to be good (far from it) but I think you know what I mean.This movie fills the minimum quota of laughs and they're spread out pretty evenly throughout the film. It's somewhat juvenile but that should be expected going in. Regardless if you feel you're above that don't bother. The rest of the movie is fine it's just not very original.The answer to why this girl is going out of her way for the main character isn't really convincing. She's dated attractive meatheads her whole life and wants to go in the complete opposite direction. Okay that's cliché but I can accept that. The thing is there's pretty much zero chemistry between the two characters and no realistic arc of them getting together. She just picks him because he's not a gorgeous narcissist and that's it. She admits as much later on but it still doesn't explain why she puts up with so many strange things his family puts her through or his particularly unusual lack of self-esteem. I mean near the end of the movie it seems like it's been months since they started dating and for some reason he still can't believe she likes him and still isn't comfortable being around her. That's very hard for the viewer to believe and if he really was THAT devoid of self-esteem there's no way she would have ever even taken a shot at going out with him. I know it's just a comedy but a little believability on the part of the actors would have been nice. You get what you pay for in this case I suppose.The only other complaint I had was that the ending was not only a cliché that's been done a thousand times but that it was drug out for far too long. At least make it quick if you're going to make us sit through something we've seen a bunch of times before.The movie made me laugh and I was glad I watched it once. That's a success in my book. I just think with a little more polish it would have been a smoother ride.One minor note: One reason I wanted to see this is because I'm a native Pittsburgher and a big Penguin fan. I was a little disappointed they just made up player names like Reese and Fox. I mean come on: They got a bunch of Penguins to appear in that Van Damme movie Sudden Death. It would've been nice for them to get just one player, even a nobody, for the sake of a little authenticity. Very minor complaint though obviously. I have actually been to the Brillo Box, the place where the party near the end is held. I don't believe the inside is the same place. The actual place is much, much smaller.
bad Guess she ran out of jokes to steal. This one falls flat with cringe worthy dialogue and is basically just a standard cheesy romcom. The occasional one liner will get you to chuckle but not very often.
bad The film is definitely interesting & colorful & imaginative. But somewhat confusing to those of us who are not familiar with the French comic book stories. There are also some ripoff's from American scifi. They have 3 short bargaining creatures which are clearly a cross between the MIB Worms with attitudes of Star Trek Ferengi's.On the DVD extra's when they showed the comic book pages, you could see a collection of Mr Spock characters but these were not in the film. What creatures were in the film were unique & interesting, but a few in the opening montage were clearly of Star Trek origin.However, those creatures in the core of the film were unique & fun to watch. However, those of us who were not familiar with the comics were somewhat confused about the plot for the first half of the movie. We finally caught on when the pearl people explained it halfway into the film. The plot should have been described at the beginning after the attack on their planet.The 2 big problems were the costumes of the 2 stars. They should have worn sexy white jumpsuit spacesuits like shown on the comics. That would have made a huge difference.The second problem was the 2 main actors. They both looked 15 years old & certainly didn't evoke the sexy comic book couple. The actors should have looked like they were in their mid 20's, more mature & sexy supercouple stars. This pair of actors was unbelievable in their roles. Not the actors faults. We could not imagine these immature teenagers in these roles of the supercouple duo shown in the comic book pages on the DVD extras. When you choose the wrong actors for a role, it can ruin your entire movie. This couple was simply wrong for the supercouple role. Wearing dark, clumsy costumes made it worse.It was a bad casting fit with bad costumes. If they could correct this and did a better job of presenting the plot so we knew what was happening, it could have been a truly great movie.The pole dancing creature was a work of genius. No nudity. Just very creative. The actress was very talented & gymnastic. I mean this seriously. I'm not into females since I am one. The choreography was exceptional & cleverly edited with costume morphing. Deserving of an academy award.Definitely worth watching. The acting is OK. It just doesn't click with this pair of actors who don't fit with the comic book supercouple. I hope they do create a sequel & make these changes to the 2 main actors & their costumes.
bad There's absolutely no way I can write about this film without a spoiler, as I think, judging from the comments written up on this site, many seem to have difficulty following the plot. As a general guide, if you're having difficulty following the chronological order of the scenes, it's necessary to follow the changes in color of Clementine's (Kate Winslet) hair. It starts off green, then changes to orange and finally finishes up blue. In the film though, it starts off blue, then goes to orange (the predominant color), then green and then back to blue.I must say I watched the film with a certain level of discomfort, being constantly reminded of my own break-up. This wasn't helped by my feeling that the Joel character (Jim Carrey) was very similar to myself. The film challenged me to re-evaluate many of the memories I have which I'd purposely buried. This is the dominant theme of the film: our memories and our relationship to them.The film starts as Joel wakes up one morning feeling awful. It's Valentine's day (his comments about which remind me of things I myself have said). His day simply improves when he discovers someone's smashed in the side of his car, and by the time he gets to the train station he's in such a funk that instead of going to work he impulsively jumps on a train to Montau and later calls in sick. But there he meets someone and they click.Although we've already seen 15 minutes of the movie, it's at this point that the credits kick in and we watch Joel driving alone in anguish. It soon becomes apparent that Joel and Clementine have just split. Joel is driving home to forget about Clementine forever. He's told by his friends that Clementine's just had him permanently erased from her memory, (a new service offered by a company called Lacuna). So Joel volunteers himself. The company offers to wipe his mind in the comfort of his own home, but during the process Joel in a dreamlike state gets to visit all the recesses of his own memory. At first all we see between the couple is the senseless bickering and the ghastly fights that led up to the breakdown. But then he suddenly comes across a forgotten memory where the couple shared a single tender moment and he remembers his love for her. At this point he starts fighting to save the moment. He tries a number of different stratagems, such as trying to wake himself up, and associating her with memories from his childhood. At first he has some success, but when the "erasure men" hunt down even these memories he's forced to find ever more buried and ever deeper parts of his subconsciousness. But even in the parts of his memory that Joel has almost forgotten himself, the memory of Clementine is systematically rooted out and destroyed.Most poignant for me is probably the way the film portrays our desire to forget, so that we can block out the mind-numbing pain. When Joel is told to collect together all the things that may remind him of Clementine, he collects together two black bin liners full of stuff; I remember the ambivalence I felt to many of the things I myself once had (and coincidentally I also have a photograph from when my ex was about 8). Another point which touched me was the portrayal of the Eakin's (the mutual friends of Joel and Clementine who'd introduced them.) We see them arguing openly in front of their friends, slowly destroying their own marriage, which in the light of what's happened between Joel and Clementine looks like infinite folly. The film clearly shows the way in which we tend to ignore and take for granted the love we have for our partners and then how we often only realize after being rudely reminded by the pain of separation.The final scene is when both Joel and Clementine have found out that they had once been lovers. Joel is sitting at home and listening to the tape from his case file. Clementine, on hearing some of the mean things that Joel had told the "doctors" about her, runs away. Joel runs after her and begs her to stay. This is juxtaposed with their real first meeting where the roles were reversed and Joel was the one to chicken out. The relationship starts anew.Jim Carrey's performance was absolutely stunning. I would never have dreamed that he could play a shy, reserved and introverted man with both subtlety and compassion.
bad So, I should start by saying, I went to this move not expecting a lot. My husband wanted to see it, however, so off we go.. Dear Lord, I think I'm going to find the sappiest chic flick available (even if its torturous for me to sit through) just to get payback for him making me sit through 2 hours of this crap. At least the popcorn was good!!I liked Godzilla himself.. But, I think out of the entire 123 minutes, you see him only 20 minutes, maybe? And most of that is just watching his spiky back in the water as he swims. The rest of this movie is watching the main actor, who, in my opinion, has about as much acting depth as Kristen Stewart, look like a total tool. The shining grace, I thought, was that this movie had Ken Watanabe in it. I like Watanabe but even he looked like he was suffering from a bad case of the Taco Bell revenge and couldn't find a bathroom for the entire movie.I spent the majority of this movie picking out dumb stuff that just amounts to bad writing. Example: Okay, the two bad monsters (which, in my opinion resemble a cross between those white strider things that the muppets ride in "The Dark Crystal" with a bit of "Aliens" thrown in to make them somewhat scary?) have the ability of creating EMPs, killing all electronics and causing aircraft to fall out of the sky.. We learn this early on in the movie, probably in the first 30 minutes. Think the military learns their lesson?? Nope, lets continuously throw about 600 billion dollars worth of F-35s and Battleships in the mix just so we can have it continuously plummet into the water. Another example: They know these muppet hybrids like to eat Radioactive materials and I guess can smell it. And hey, there's one making its way from Vegas to San Fransisco. So lets strap a huge bomb on a train and slowly move it from Vegas to San Fransisco along the same exact path that the critter is going. What kinda harm could that cause? Its not like the thing would smell it on the train and come after it, right? And why is it, the military storms into a radioactive storage facility but has no clue that an entire half of mountain has just been blasted out by muppet hybrid #2 (who's much bigger than #1) and this 30 story tall critter is somehow making its way towards Vegas completely undetected? And while we're on the subject of the bomb, what the heck is up with the "breeding" of the two muppet hybrids anyway?? You got a male, you got a female (complete with some glowy bulging egg sac thing that they give us a really good closeup of.. They meet up to reproduce.. which involves the male giving the female the long, phallic shaped, radioactive bomb which she then rubs between her legs all over this glowy egg sac.. WtF?? How the heck did these things breed before mankind started making huge phallic shaped missiles anyway? Oh..Did I mention the acting was bad?? I don't recall liking ANY of the characters, with exception to the dad (played by Bryan Cranston) and he dies within the first 20 minutes of the movie. There are characters that seem to have no purpose whatsoever besides trying to find a way to fill a 2 hour movie with irrelevant fluff. Lil Asian boy on the elevated train in Hawaii? Didn't see any point to him.. The main characters wife and little boy?? Added nothing to the story to be honest. (And what military wife who knows her husband is in danger isn't waiting by the phone for news? Nope, phones ringing and she's doing whatever.. Or tells her co-worker she's unavailable?) The acting had no depth to it, everyone came off very flat and honestly, unlikable. There's no emotion whatsoever. Hey, a couple of muppet hybrids are destroying our city, oh well. A huge Godzilla is barreling towards our aircraft carrier? Don't panic.. lets stand at the guardrail and watch it peacefully because any emotion such as fear would be too much to ask.Pretty sad when the most exciting thing about this movie is a bird hitting the bus window.. Although, to be honest, the CGI on the actual fight between Godzilla and the muppet hybrids was nice, the whole 5 minutes it lasted. Then, Godzilla jumps in the water and the credits roll. Best part of the whole movie.. Compared to the other 121 minutes of this movie, the credits are the best 2 minutes overall.
bad In order to impress his girlfriend, Tim (Paul Rudd) needs to secure a promotion. So he decides to accept his bosses challenge; bring an 'idiot' to their annual 'Dinner for Winners'. A competition run by white-collar executives and disguised as a celebration of brilliance in unrecognised individuals. In reality, the meal is simply an opportunity for elitist senior-management types to laugh at some quirky and eccentric members of society. Tim's girlfriend tries to convince him the whole idea is abhorrent. Just as he is beginning to agree with her, he meets Barry (Steve Carell). An IRS worker, with a passion for creating art from taxidermied mice, Barry might just be the perfect man to help Tim win the competition.The US version of The Office has shown us that Carell can do awkward better than most and Anchorman proved his capabilities of making stupidity funny. However, his character here is completely unlikeable and, more often than not, irritating. His bowl haircut, glasses and protruding teeth, evoke bad seventies sitcoms. A time when this look would have been a stylists shorthand for 'socially inept'. Paul Rudd, on the other hand, is given little opportunity to make us laugh, playing two-dimensional straight man, Tim. Director Jay Roach's previous franchises (Austin Powers, Meet the Parents/Fockers) may not have been the greatest comedies of the past fifteen years, but delivered as and when expected. The problems with Dinner for Schmucks lie in the pacing and the writing. With a 114 minute runtime, it is simply too long. Entire characters and subplots are superfluous. It also suffers badly from second-act-drag, believing that given enough on-screen time we will somehow empathise with our two leads.Producer Sacha Baron Cohen (Borat, Bruno), seems to have called in a number of favours from celebrity friends and cast them in every available role. The idea, presumably, is that good performances can boost a weak script into something amusing. Of Course, this is not the case. Jemaine Clement (Flight of the Conchords) as avant-garde artiste, Kieran, makes the most of his characters nonsequiturs but only manages to raise a smirk at best. The same cannot be said for David Walliams (Little Britain), whose Swiss, aristocratic character, Mueller, is completely redundant in every way. The only worthy gag in almost two-hours is provided by Chris O' Dowd (The I.T. Crowd) as a blind swordsman. However having only a handful of lines and appearing twenty minutes before the credits roll, its far too little, far too late.Dinner for Schmucks starts with a premise full of comedic opportunities, but spends the next hour and a half ignoring these. The original, a French film from 1998 entitled The Dinner Game, was a social satire focusing on the ridiculous measures the aristocracy will go to amuse themselves. It was full of witty dialogue and, at 80 minutes long, it worked. As often happens, Hollywood seems to have missed the point and delivered a broad and bland remake.
bad I was excited about the show , but seriously disappointed . I expected more ! Main actress character is the worst protagonist ever . I can't watch anymore
bad The film was awful and extremely boring. It was just so depressing and sadness was possibly the most annoying character ever conceived...why why why did she have to keep touching things after she was told over and over not to, just irritating. It got to the point where I was dreading the character coming on the telly. Animated Disney/pixar films should stick to what they are good at and that's making children (and adults) happy. Yes they can have a moral lesson and sad bits but the general overtone is happiness not depressing characters inside another depressing character that I couldn't care less about. Should never have been made, should have saved their money. Im very sad that I can never get back the time I wasted on it...I could have watched paint dry.
bad In the absence of fantasy and original ideas, the Hollywood producers get out of mothballs old stories and they serve us as new, using this time four women instead of four men. No-one from the four actresses is funny, only Kristen Wiig has just a little bit of something. Actually, I do not understand what this Melissa McCarthy is in the movies business, she has nothing specific, no beauty or talent. She's as boring as it is annoying. After watching this, you'll have to find a real movie to watch...
bad Schindler's List is one of the most overrated films of all time: It won seven Oscars. It is the 6th highest rated film on IMDb. The critics loved it, and the Internet is flooded with reviews where people rave about being "deeply moved" or "touched."Ultimately, the film is a shallow failure.A good drama film needs several qualities. Of these, the most important is the exposition of characters and their interactions. Schindler's List flops spectacularly in this respect. We start out following the tale of Oskar Schindler, an opportunistic, profiteering businessman. But midpoint in the film, this Schindler persona has disappeared, and we have a new character clothed in the same flesh -- a self-sacrificing philanthropist who spends his entire amassed fortune to save the Jew workers. How did we get from one to the other? How did Schindler transform from the evil Mr. Hyde to the benevolent Dr. Jekyll? Steven Spielberg certainly doesn't show us -- maybe it happens via magic, like the bicycle ride in ET?And what about Amon Göth, the representative Nazi? A "grotesque caricature" if there ever was one. He's an evil, sadistic, Jew-hating Nazi bastard -- but do we get to know why he wakes up every morning, takes a swig of booze and snipes Jew prisoners for fun? No. Spielberg thinks the answer is obvious -- he's a Nazi, and Nazis don't have reasons for the things they do. They're just rabid dogs out for blood, utterly devoid of any moral dimension. But this sort of shallow political correctness can't possibly cut any slack with intelligent viewers. We want to know why Göth hates the Jews so much that he fires his pistol into a pile of decimated corpses, but we never get to know. Apparently, he does it because he's an Evil Nazi, and that's all there is to it.The attempt to add depth to Göth's character by dwelling on his twisted love affair with a Jewish girl is easily seen for what it is -- a cheap exposure of Nazi hypocrisy. How about trying to dwell on real issues here, Spielberg? How about trying to pass these people off as genuine (albeit twisted) human beings?This shortcoming is not restricted to Spielberg. When will Hollywood own up to the fact that the men who ran the Third Reich were not mindless monsters? Some of them were cultivated intellectuals and scientists, others compassionate family men and devoted friends. Germany was the best educated country in Europe when the Nazis rose to power. The true intrigue of the Holocaust does not lie in the brutality, but rather in Hannah Arendt's "banality of evil". How can a man (or millions of men) arbitrarily narrow the moral sphere to exclude people seemingly no different from neighbours, friends and family? How can a man fall under the sway of a dispassionate and cruel ideology while leading a normal life of compassion?Needless to say, none of these issues are explored by Spielberg.Another peeve of mine: Accents. There are English-speaking films and then there are German-speaking films. Schindler's List, on the other hand, does not belong to either of these categories. Instead, Spielberg opted to have the characters speak English with a German accent. What the hell? Listening to Liam Neeson strut about trying to sound like an Anglicised German is just pathetic. : Spielberg's trying to please Hollywood audiences by making the film accessible to them (and hence, no spoken German), but for the love of God! We get the point! They're in Nazi Germany. Yes, Hitler's in charge. Yes, it's a nasty, genocidal regime. Please, no cheesy accents.One of the truly unforgivable aspects of the film is the ending. A mildly touching speech by Schindler about being a war criminal on the run, wanted by the victors of the war, set just the right mood. It would have been perfect. But no, Spielberg couldn't resist messing it up -- he had to have Schindler break down, bawl and cry, grief-stricken and lashed by pangs of conscience. Spare me the anguish, Spielberg. The grief should have been that of the Jews, not Schindler.When Schindler took off his gold ring and blubbers out "I could have saved one more", I experienced a feeling of mild revulsion. Look, the guy did a great job, he saved a lot of lives. No point in getting all worked up about the fact that he didn't literally sell the skin of his back to save people he didn't know.What does this film leave us after 195 minutes of running time? Let's see:* The Nazis were *Really Evil* * There was a man called Schindler who didn't care about anything but money at first, and then for some reason he started to care about saving the Jews.Brilliant, Spielberg. Positively brilliant.All of the above-mentioned flaws are bad enough -- but the way the film manipulates the viewer really takes the cake. Shots of emaciated, shaved potential Holocaust victims starving and screaming, with tragic violin music to boot. It has been done in many films before, and will be done again. It doesn't take skill for a film-maker to coerce the viewer into sorrow -- It takes skill to produce the same feelings without resorting to cheap, melodramatic trickery. The Pianist is a superb counter-example. A journey of the mind is so much more satisfying than a journey of the senses...Like most of Spielberg's films, Schindler's List is technically outstanding. It captures the mood of wartime Germany perfectly. The sets, costumes and cinematography are all top-notch, and the acting is not too bad either. However, none of these things can overcome the fact that Spielberg is a director of extremely limited vision. His moral and intellectual depth is that of a child.Stick to making films for children, Spielberg. Stick to making children's films. You're out of your depth.
bad Only good thing to say was the production values. Keaton cashed in on a film beneath him. Hollywood wasted another book which could easily have been scripted far better, and been the basis of sequels. Apparently all that is needed to find an international terrorist cell is hang around outside their bank. And then allow a hormone driven nearly man to punch anyone he wants and they spill the beans. PatheticAnother grown up not going to the cinema for a while now. There is little else to add.
bad There's a reason they released this movie right when the whole country would be positively drunk. Remember that lame scene in Interstellar where the movie stops to explain wormholes with a piece of paper? Now imagine a whole movie of that. This disappointing sidequel, though its talented cast tries their best, is jam-packed with clunky expository dialogue and unanswered questions. It's actually amazing that even with spending this much time explaining what's going on that it still makes such little sense.Sadly, this is a movie whose marketing strategy is more surprising and inventive and than the actual film.
bad A woman and her son are held in a garden shed, referred to as 'room', by a man who uses the woman as his sex slave, having abducted her 7 years earlier. The woman concocts a plan to smuggle the son out in order for him to find help and free them. After the plan is successfully executed, we follow the two in the aftermath of the ordeal, struggling to retrieve the life that was previously stolen from her.The film is repetitive and annoying. At no point is the captivity nor the woman's response to the situation believable. It's just a garden shed located in some suburb instead of underground. The woman's not shackled and can virtually escape every time the captor enters the room. Relying on child actors is a notoriously shaky endeavour and again the constant whining of the kid and the way it talks, is grating and tiresome. There also seems to be no real connect between the first and second act. The 7 years she previously spent in the room might just as well have been a written premise at the start of the film. With no deeper layers to the film and with no character really fleshed out, the film feels aimless and not well thought-through.3/10
bad Alica can not reach the realistic mood of james mcavoy. that's a problem for me. they are not a match, I guess. keira knightley would be a far better choice.
bad Money Monster tells the story of a TV show host named, Lee Gates(George Clooney). Gates, his producer Patty Fenn(Julia Roberts) & the crew of the TV show, Money Monster, are in for an unpleasant surprise, when an enraged & dangerous investor named Kyle Budwell(Jack O'Connell), enters the TV studio. Kyle barges into the studio, armed with a gun. Now, it is up to Lee Gates & Patty Fenn, to comply with Kyle Budwell's demands or, it is dire consequences for everyone involved with the TV show, Money Monster. Money Monster is a superb film. It is thrilling & dramatically intense, at the same time. Director Jodie Foster has done a masterful job, in maintaining the suspense & building the tension, throughout the film. Foster's directorial skills, are as good as her supreme acting ability. This movie keeps you on the edge of your seat & keeps you guessing as to what's going to happen next, right till its shocking climax. The reason this film is so good, is due to its unforgettable performances. George Clooney is outstanding as Lee Gates. Clooney portrays his character's growing anxiety & fear, flawlessly. Julia Roberts is spectacular as Patty Fenn. This role, is another feather in Roberts' cap. Jack O'Connell's portrayal of Kyle Budwell, is the highlight of the movie. O'Connell showcases a variety of emotions in quick succession, in his portrayal of this conflicted character. Dominic West is great as Walt Camby. Caitriona Balfe is impressive as Diane Lester. Giancarlo Esposito is awesome as Captain Powell. Christopher Denham & Lenny Venito are excellent as Ron Sprecher & Lenny(The Cameraman), respectively. Emily Meade is amazing in her small but significant role, as Molly. The supporting cast, is effective as well. Money Monster is a must watch, for everyone who loves edge of the seat entertainment.
bad I got something out of this movie. I really did. It was 35 degrees Celsius outside the cinema and all I needed was a three hour nap in cool air-conditioning. Lucky me! The latest Nolan film, just there for the taking.It started off as I hoped it would, all dusty on the porch of some ranch in the middle of the U.S. otherwise known as nowhere, the end of the world syrupy American-style, little kid tugging at the heart strings - my eyelids already beginning to droop even before Coop and his daughter Murph wind up at some place that some old cockney and his very Jewish daughter inhabit (guess it only happens in movies with a blind casting director), but that was fine, I was almost in REM sleep - not having been able to process a word of dialogue from McConaughey in over 20 minutes. Pure bliss.And it got even better from an insomniac's point of view. Thanks to an absurd plot and woefully unimaginative CGI effects, my chin was almost on my chest when they landed on the first planet the other side of... well, let's just call it credulity. I don't sleep this well at home! Wait! We're going through another Kubrick-style time dimension - didn't we just spend half an hour on this planet re-using some special effects, this time made to look like giant waves, left over from Inception? I think so, but time warps so nicely when you're practically snoring.I think we lost an astronaut somewhere. Maybe that's the game. Who's next? I hope it's the astrophysicist who explains wormholes with a moebius strip he forgets to twist. Either that or it was origami for dummies. Maybe that *was* the guy we just lost - hard to tell, they all act the same. Flat as the dialogue. Thanks guys. Anyway, we can only pray it will be Hathaway soon. She's starting to keep me awake. How can a head bob about so much in weightlessness? But I'm being unfair; I think I remember her trying to act some of this script. Brave move from an Oscar winner. I'm starting to want my money back.Anyway, I'm roused a bit now and thus a bit grumpy. We're in another galaxy's version of Antarctica minus the faintest signs of life - this despite (because of?) the unzipping of a new bad actor. Fortunately, this actor goes even beyond his usual leaden deadness and I'm soon starting to lose consciousness again and time travel merrily back to the land of nod. I think there was a plot twist involved because this astronaut is trying to do a Dave and HAL routine. He must think he's in a good movie. Poor sod.Did I mention there must have been yards of Inception on the cutting-room floor last time because I'm watching more and more outtakes? Gotta save a few million here and there. I had a dream. I dreamed that Nolan would come up with a slew of insanely bizarre plot twists right at the end that would explain the entire reason for watching this flick. But they carried me out on a stretcher before I found out if it was true. Apparently, I was having a nightmare screaming "Morse Code! No! No! No! Not Morse Code! That's Spielberg!" at the top of my lungs and disturbing the other patrons' naps. I was obviously paying too much attention even comatose.
bad If you were going to produce a show that was as uninteresting as say, Hawaii Five O, you could not do any better than this mess. The frenetic action is almost laughable in as much as the the completely unknown pig eyed hero "star" has absolutely none of the grace of the original Richard Dean Anderson. Sometimes no matter how much money one spends the result may still be crap. Poorly directed, poorly written, it is a total mess. Don't waste your time. It will, I predict, not last more than a season. Boring beyond belief. I suggest you turn your attention to British cop shows. At least they know how to develop a character. I think it's sad that George Eads thought he would do better here than with CSI ...... An astonishing miscalculation on his part.
bad As a huge fan of comedies that bring some laughs and escape to this world, and as a huge fan of well-known stars letting their hair down and having goofy fun in an R-rated, raunchy romp, I couldn't wait to see this sequel to "Bad Moms," which I mostly loved and have now watched multiple times. Adding Christine Baranski, Susan Sarandon, and Cheryl Hines to the original cast seemed like a perfect match--how could it go wrong? In my mind just letting this group of talented actors improvise on the same set would guarantee big laughs, especially with Kathryn Hahn sparking the mix. I went to a "paid advance screening" a week before it opened to the public, plunking down my bucks without any fear of first checking reviews--I was that sure it would be at the very least filled with some laugh-out-loud moments, and plenty of amusing ones, well worth my time and money. Imagine my surprise, and disappointment, to find that the film is loaded with tired clichés of mother-daughter relationship problems, with nothing fresh or funny to offer, old jokes and sitcom situations you've seen done (much) better dozens of times on most any TV family sitcom, and that the script is so poorly-written it truly would've been better to just give the actors an overview of what the film was about and let them improv the whole thing. Finally it ends, and you're left with an almost embarrassing dance/romp during the closing credits that is supposed to be a celebration of the "joy" of the film and its production and cast, with the actors having a bit of an on-screen dance party as the credits roll. Instead of feeling that (forced) joy, I left the theater depressed and saddened at the waste of money and talent, and the waste of my time and money as well. Easily, for me, one of the worst "comedies" I've ever seen--and I've seen hundreds over the decades and my lifetime.
bad The first act of the movie is the run-of-the-mill wife gone missing, the husband accused of killing her plot. This is clearly established in the theatrical trailer and may have thrown off some potential viewers. To the people who are familiar with David Fincher's work, this is not the case with Gone Girl.Yes, the first act is very ordinary, but the second act uproots whatever ever considered dull about the movie as it takes a rapid turn into thriller stardom, resembling something taken out of a Hitchcock movie. Only a handful directors can completely enhance the movie's narrative through editing, and Fincher is one of them. I know there is a lot of praise around Rosamund Pike's performance, which makes it easy to overlook Ben Affleck. He plays the tired, oblivious and boyish really well. This may be the very reason why he is completely overlooked.And in a time of sequels, prequels, remakes and biopics, finally a contemporary piece of work! Stellar!
bad I'm not completely sure what I was expecting from Fury Road, but it was more than this. This is the latest example of Hollywood rehashing a successful and good movie franchise solely for profit. It's mindless, repetitive action sequences melded between horrible acting and overused clichés.One of the allures of this series is seeing the outlandish road vehicles that are used, and in this the movie mostly delivers. You have the high-powered Warrior Rig driven by Furiosa. There's battle vehicles equipped with spikes, rigs with counter-balanced poles for launching warriors into other vehicles, and there's even a vehicle equipped with large bass drums and a stack of speakers that would make KISS jealous with a psychotic guitarist wailing away for our musical enjoyment. And of course, each vehicle comes equipped with more explosive arsenal than a battle ship. And it's put to good use.However, once you get past the eye candy, you realize there's nothing else to it. The story is weak. The characters are weaker. And the acting is the worst. The movie never drew me in. Not even close. Whenever the movie 'tried' to add depth and be dramatic, it was painful and embarrassing to watch. The scene where Furiosa reacts to finding out her birth home is gone by taking off her prosthetic arm and dropping down to her knees may be the worst movie scene I've ever watched. And it says something when the most interesting character is Nux, a relentless slave/warrior who actually has a mind of his own and decides to help Max and Furiosa in their quest. Of course, one of Immortan Joe's wives falls for him, representing one of the many poorly executed clichés this movie is riddled with.I can watch a superficial action movie and enjoy it for what it is, to a point. This one, however, is just generally so poorly executed that it leaves a lot to be desired. I didn't hate it, but I have absolutely no desire to see it again.
bad Ah, the pre-summer action movie. Admittedly, due to word of mouth from those who had attended earlier screenings of the film, my expectations for Clash of the Titans were fairly low. On top of that, many of the initial casting choices appeared to be somewhat suspect. So, what's my verdict? Well, I didn't hate it The plot of Titans is extremely straightforward – practically to a fault. Often, the film acts as though it's in a hurry, attempting to get from one action sequence to the next as quickly as possible. The scenes that occur in between each of these battles ultimately amount to nothing more than brief segments of exposition delivered by Perseus' "guardian angel" of sorts, Io (Gemma Arterton). So, while the film never really drags, it feels very soulless.And while we're on the subject of these action sequences, none of them end up being particularly memorable. About half of them are so frenetic to the point where they're almost disorienting - honestly, I'm glad that the 3D screenings were sold out this time 'round. On top of that, there's virtually no character development outside of Worthington's character (and even he isn't all that likable), so I never really cared about the outcome of these action sequences either. Also, as I mentioned earlier, my biggest fear with Titans was in regards to the acting, and thankfully, most of the cast do what's expected of them. Neeson's Zeus aside, none of the performances truly stand out, but they're nothing cringe-worthy either.Ultimately, Clash of the Titans ends up being a forgettable piece of entertainment with a couple of gaping plot holes, hit-or-miss action sequences, and performances that fail to leave much of an impression. It's not horrible – just hollow.
bad This movie is so bad that I felt compelled to write a review. I did not see any review or trailer and had moderate expectation due to Chris Pine and Reese Witherspoon. Unfortunately, the movie turned out to be a huge NONSENSE. I am sorry but the three kids just don't know how to act. Meg Murry was like"huh......ah......hmm......huh......I don't know... I am not sure....AHAHAH" throughout the movie; the little boy who acted Charles Wallace was fine but overacting for the most of the time; the teenage boy was just showing "I am so conscious of my good-looking and I am seducing you". What the heck?! More importantly, the plot is all over the place and filled with cliche. I am for girl power but this is just so cynical and use girl power as a selling point and nothing else makes sense. Witherspoon and Pine are fine but were eclipsed by this bad screenplay. I am so annoyed even though I watched this movie using Movie Pass. A total waste of 2 hours.
bad The 1950's critics and audiences did injustice to some movies.  They dissed the dreamy, chilling VERTIGO, and spurned THE SEARCHERS for failing to present the usual Simon-pure hero.  In one case, though, I think the '50's generation was right and today's movie fans are wrong.  TOUCH OF EVIL should have remained in the oblivion to which its contemporaries consigned it.The storyline follows Mexican policeman Mike Vargas (played by Charlton Heston!!??) and his wife Susan (the ravishing Janet Leigh) as he investigates a car bombing and she gets threatened a lot by some gangsters against whom her husband is going to testify.  The story ends up dividing into two very tenuously connected plots, as Susan is isolated at a motel with an idiotic night man (shades of PSYCHO) while Mike at first tries to help, and then tries to thwart bigoted detective Hank Quinlan (Orson Welles).Welles wrote, directed and starred in this movie.  Yes, I said starred; Vargas may be the clean-cut hero, but everybody's eyes are on Quinlan. Welles makes a great heavy, in the literal as well as figurative sense, and he is scary as hell.  In the starring department, he's great; in the directing department he's madly inconsistent; and in the writing department, he stinks.Now I am sure to be burned at the stake for heresy in questioning Welles' direction in this movie.  Certainly, his use of the camera is extremely imaginative, as in the stupendously long opening shot; he cuts back and forth with superb timing in the suspenseful conclusion; he has some neat continuous shots in an apartment and an elevator; and he does a truly ghastly murder scene by flashing lights.  But there's more to directing than just camera work.  You have to handle your cast, and Welles doesn't. Allowing Heston to be cast as the lead was insane; even though Welles owed the directing job to Heston, he could have given him the role of Peter Menzies.  And where was Welles when Akim Tamiroff and Dennis Weaver were over-acting like the sky was about to fall?  Even if their absurd approaches to their roles were their own idea and not Welles' responsibility, Welles should at least have demanded re-takes of all their scenes, and told them to calm down or else he'd find some better actors.However, what really sinks the movie is the sheer absurdity of the script, which Welles himself adapted from a cheap novel.  A tiny explosive barely the size of a hand grenade, dropped in a trunk, blasts a car off the ground like the eruption of Mount Saint Helens.  A woman is then called in to "identify" the charred, burned and dismembered corpses.  Displeased with Vargas' investigation, a punk throws dark, sticky Movie Acid at him that sticks to a wall and burns through it like a hot knife through warm butter. Then Janet Leigh is driven by a friendly policeman to the Amazing Coincidence Motel, which just happens to be owned by the gangsters who've been threatening her.  They don't need to threaten her any more, since they have an incriminating photo to blackmail her with, but they do it anyway, and the photo is never mentioned again.  A dopehead whispers through her wall about the joys of mainlining (injecting) marijuana.  Then, as she shivers and cowers, unarmed goons slowly stalk into her apartment and she lets them assault her, even though she has a loaded gun in easy reach (this despite earlier scenes that established her as a fiery, combative woman). In sum, TOUCH OF EVIL pays no more attention to detail and character consistency than any direct-to-video thriller of the present day.  This is bad in any movie, but worst in a mystery thriller, where even the most casual audience members are keeping an eye out for the little details that will catch the killers and unmask the frauds later on.If you thought that SNAKE EYES was genius, you should love TOUCH OF EVIL. But if you refuse to let slam-bang camera antics distract you from the absence of characterization, poor plotting (both depend heavily on deus ex machina devices), and uneven acting, you'd best avoid both of them.
bad I will just start with some quotes from other reviewers that describes it the best."This is easily one of the most overrated films of the year and probably the worst film Tarantino has ever done." "The ONLY good thing in this movie was the performance of Mr. Waltz"."So I was really disappointed, and seeing this movie on place #40 of the greatest movies of all time is the only thing about this, that leaves me with my mouth opened" Now for more details go and read "Hated it" reviews.One thing I hate about a movie is when it treats audience as bunch of dumb people. (Spoiler ahead). Now I know Tarantino's style is based on fantasy and fictitious plots, but come on, Adolf Hitler and 200 top Nazis Officers will be in attendance of a movie premier in occupied France and you have only two guards in the whole theater and the surroundings? Where also an American-African walks around freely with steel pipes locking doors and setting fire. These 2 guards are then executed in seconds opening the door for our 2 "heroes" to slay Hitler at point blank with around 100 rounds... very dumb. At least, challenge our intelligence and create a smarter plot to kill one of the most feared tyrants of all time (Go watch Valkyrie). Besides, Mike Myers impersonation of a British general is more realistic and authentic than the guy doing Hitler, just picture that.What ruined it further, is that the only smart and powerful character, which nailed everyone in the movie, with his psychological and mind bending interrogations, ends up to be effortlessly tricked by the most mindless character in the movie.After watching the movie, I was sympathizing with Nazis, who were portrayed to have more bravery and humanity than our Basterds!!! Imagine that.My recommendations, if you have insomnia, 2hrs 33 min to waste or you want to give your mind a break, go watch this movie.
bad I went into this knowing nothing about the movie beyond the poster and maybe the logline. Based on that, I was expecting it to be a comedy that either tried too hard to be funny and had no story or would consist of LCD (lowest common denominator) jokes that have been overused in a bunch of comedies already. I was not expecting to actually laugh at anything, and both of my friends that I saw it with had similarly low expectations, but thankfully we were all proven wrong. "Blockers" essentially combines the premise of "American Pie" with the style of "Superbad" and fits it well into a modern high school context. It's something we've seen a bunch of times before in high school movies: the kids want to have sex and the parents do their best to "block" them. Hardly a new premise, but the movie does a great job creating some original, character-driven jokes that do a good job making light of how parents-teenager dynamics work in a modern context. There are a lot of elements and jokes that center around emoji language and texting conventions, and they are executed in a way that actually feels realistic instead of just getting thrown in haphazardly to try to appeal to younger audiences. There are a lot of good one-liners along with some visual comedy that adds a good variety. Even though I was sort of expecting some over-the-top situational comedy, there were several scenes that had surprising reversals in them. There were some attempts at a couple of light themes to give the movie heart. On an emotional level, the parents are all trying to connect with their kids, and while it was good that the movie tried to make itself more than a raunchy comedy, this theme was handled in a fairly standard and even cliched way. There was also a little bit of a social statement about how people in general and parents especially view girls losing their virginity as this kind of horrific loss of innocence whereas it's not as big of a deal for boys. It wasn't really a theme so much as an argument that a couple of characters made. For spoiler reasons, I won't go into detail, but the movie is careful not to take a definite stance on whether teenagers having sex is okay. The characters are not totally original, but most of them are fun to watch. The three girls are all fairly different. I didn't totally buy that they were close friends, but they at least had a good contrast of personalities and were distinct. The only real problem that I had with the teenager characters was the portrayal of Sam as a lesbian. She wasn't a bad character, but the way they handled her being a lesbian just felt obsolete; not exactly offensive but it didn't feel very socially conscious. The parents are given more attention and definitely generate more laughs as they try and fail to control their kids. All of them are given a good amount of attention and provide a lot of laughs for the audience with none really out-shining the others. I would somewhat recommend this. It won't be the funniest movie you've ever seen, but the audience in my theater was laughing throughout the movie. It's nothing revolutionary or new, but it can make for a good study break with some friends if you're in the mood. Overall Rating: 7.2/10.
bad So last night I got the chance to see the early screening of Christopher Nolan's Interstellar. The film I've been waiting so much from the early days of the shooting. How did it fare? Here's my take:To avoid any tl;dr risk, let me get this straight from the very beginning, Interstellar is one goddamnedly good film, it gets you to the edge of your seat, it soars, it warps, it rips your brain senseless. It's that good.Interstellar is a story about the earth dying, with its soil no longer able to sustain crops other than corn, and of course, it will lead to the extinction of humanity. Our hero is an ex-NASA test pilot named Cooper (Matthew McConaughey), a typical ordinary-guy-in-an-extraordinary- situation everyman who's also a dedicated family man, especially toward his daughter Murphy (named after the Murphy's Law). In an all-too-Armageddon style our hero gets invited by the (publicly) defunct NASA to become humanity's last hope in finding a new home, for they have found a wormhole near Saturn (2001, anyone?) which will warp the astronauts to another galaxy in quest of a habitable planet. Solid and compact premise, although it's been used before.For seasoned filmgoers, there are many similar elements (although it's understandable) with Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968) and Robert Zemeckis' Contact (1997). In a sense that this is not a bang-bang-shoot-shoot-blow-em-up sci-fi, but more of a slow-burning, metaphysical sci-fi which gets you to think about your place in the universe and your exact place in time.Similarity with 2001 and Contact is never a bad thing, but it becomes a wee bit too predictable, although Nolan is a smart enough director in providing the final (a very sentimental one, I should say) twist in the story. The visuals in this film is majestic, everything is shot to a meticulously calculated level, Nolan-style. The space scenes are serenely suspenseful just like Cuaron's Gravity, but unlike the documentary feel of Gravity, there's a real gusto and pace to these scenes. You should also be prepared for the (for some, maybe) unexpected third act, it is Nolan's most sentimental and humane moment to date. And this is why Interstellar is more than just a science-fiction, it is a human drama intertwined in space and time loop.One thing that Nolan gets a bit wrong is the narrative. Nolan was never a 'warm' director, his films are filled with brilliant ideas and flair but it feels cold, it maybe suits Memento and The Dark Knight but in Interstellar he seems to have been lost in determining which of the interpersonal drama or the sci-fi that will be Interstellar's forte. The result is a rather incongruous script, intermittently cutting off the excitement of the previous scene and so on. But it is a forgivable sin, for the good is a lot more than the bad in this monumental film. At the end of the day, all I can say is that Interstellar is a grand film. It is monolithic, thoughtful, sentimental, sophisticated, visceral but also with its flaws. I wouldn't say it's Nolan's best work to date, but I daresay that this is one of the best science fiction ever released.After watching Interstellar, do yourself a favor and get lost in space and time and go back in time to see Contact (1997) and 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968) to further wonder and wander into the realms of the unknown.Because sometimes it is the unknown that fascinates us, frightens us and brings out the best in us.
bad The Bourne Ultimatum is the worse of the franchise. It is a shame that Ludlum's last Bourne novel has been transformed to a motion picture that has as much clarity as a bug being squished on a cars windshield. The plot is perhaps the thinnest of any of the Bourne movies, and the audience is at best bored with the whole experience. But the most annoying, madding, is the cinematography by Wood, is like a film being filmed by the Road Runner on Crack, jumpy, blurry, and headache inducing. The film may have been worth viewing, if the audience could see what was going on. But with the shaky cam of this debacle being bad enough, but even the action scenes were filmed way to close in for anyone to follow what was going on in this picture. See this if you must, but bring your aspirin.
bad I usually trust IMDb reviews until now. How anyone thinks this movie is anything but terrible, mustn't get out much..lol. I never read the book, never even knew there was a book so I'm reviewing as a movie. Firstly the lead o'brien was so mis-cast. He did not suit the part and went from looking like a normal dude to a steven segal and then back.. come on now, in the space of 10 minutes. The story and dialogue was so all over the shop i actually thought pieces were missing from the copy i had. I fell asleep twice and it took 3 attempts to watch it in its entirety. One of those that you want to finish to see what happens in the hope something will but you know in your heart it ain't gonna happen after minute 25... good points were not a badly made movie and of course keaton held the movie, great as usual.. but that's about it.. disappointed but the trailer is all you need.. or maybe the book.
bad Comedian Dax Shepard has been acting on screen for years without making it big. He is perhaps best known as Kristen Bell's husband and being part of the main cast in drama series Parenthood" which doesn't actually say a whole lot either. But he is one of those actors who is willing to write, produce and even direct his own stuff if satisfying offers don't come his way. And CHIPS" must be one of these pet projects, because he fills all four jobs mentioned above, sharing the screen with co-star Michael Peña. There are actually bunch of other cool faces around in smaller roles, including – of course – Kristen Bell. But it's mostly about Shepard and Peña offering a buddy action comedy, so if you feel like you could like them, it's half a win for the movie already. (Sadly, there's smaller number of famous friends on screen than in Shepard's previous projects, 2010's Brother's Justice" and 2012's Hit and Run". I guess Bradley Cooper and Tom Arnold felt that they have done enough for him and let him sink or swim alone now.)Shepard is convincing in the sensitive/wise doofus role that he has chosen to himself, although his acting range seems limited in general. So he has surrounded himself with some rock solid players, starting with Peña who has the coveted ability to make every movie a bit more better just by appearing there. In this regard, he's like a young- ish Latin version of Morgan Freeman, or something. What is more important here: Peña can effortlessly do action, drama and comedy and there's need for all three here, Shepard couldn't hold the fort alone. And speaking of solid, we also have Vincent D'Onofrio who is every inch as imposing and magnetic as we have come to expect from this veteran thespian.Based on the classic TV series of the same name (1977-83), it's about the adventures of two California Highway Patrol cops. But it's not the eighties anymore, so we get currently widespread type of raunchy mainstream comedy with some action. If you want to measure the general style of the story and also the nastiness of the dialogue, you should check out the Red Band trailer, for example. It is not able to effectively share the quite enjoyable buddy comedy vibe CHIPS" has during most of its running time, but you do get an idea if you would like to see some more of it.The result is probably most enjoyable for the little teenage boy in all of us, with plenty of cursing, light violence and sex- or body- related jokes. If you can't catch their wave, you will probably be a little tired when the end comes. I actually enjoyed most of this raunchy silliness although I felt that the ending felt a bit rushed and half-hearted.It's easy to imagine that the success of 21 Jump Street" movies made pitching the project and gathering the money for CHIPS" easier for Shepard & Co. The projects are quite similar: old and loved TV series turned into modern American comedy, two likable guys in the middle of it all, verbally sparring, punching and shooting their way to glory.
bad I sat through the last half of 50 shades darker today because my sister was using my Macbook to watch it... Let me sum it up for you:Him: "I'm not good with people because I'm mysterious." Her: "I like mysterious, but I'm scared cause I'm fragile." Him: "Don't be afraid, I'm the one who is afraid... of hurting you." *Have Some Sex* Her: "You're so thoughtful, maybe I misjudged you. Now I want to be hurt... just not emotionally." Him: "I always hurt people, but I would never hurt you... unless you wanted me to." Her: "Ouch, you hurt me. Now my feelings are hurt and I'm sad and my whole life hurts." Him: "I'm sorry if I hurt you. I'll try harder, but I don't think I'll ever change.'Her: "I'm gonna pretend like I didn't hear that, but please don't hurt me again. I trust you to change for me- projects are fun." Him: "Put these things in your ass." Her: "No." Him: "Okay, I'm not good with people because I'm mysterious." *Have Some Sex Again* Aaaand Credits
bad This is probably the worst Disney movie I've ever seen. It's also probably the worst movie I've seen this year. The movie for starters is flat out BORING. The majority of the film is people standing around talking, and they aren't talking about anything interesting or that advances the plot in most cases. There's some beautiful imagery here, but then there's also too much green screen and CGI going on that it just loses it's luster. What is the deal with this director also? There were probably 70+ shots inches away from each actors face. It didn't look pretty and was extremely distracting to me. Somehow this director had all of these great actors and couldn't even get anything out of the majority of them. Chris Pine was about the only person that did a good job here. I would not recommend this to anyone. It's unbelievable that this is a film with a budget over $100 million. They should have never even released this travesty.
bad I can't add anymore really, than some of the more realistic non-rose colored glasses-wearing voters/reviewers that I have read so far, have stated about this over-hyped, coffeehouse-artsy, brain drain of a movie.This review may seem harsh, but I tend to judge "theatrical" movies with a MUCH harsher eye than Indie movies due to the budgets theatrical movies have (and Indies don't) and the much more experienced and influential directors that theatrical movies have - and Indies don't.With that said...with GDT at the helm...I expected much more from this movie...especially since it was hyped like the best thing since sliced bread.I guess that's why hype is not always a good thing.I'm simply voicing my personal displeasure at hearing what a magical, well-done, purely fascinating movie this was, only be left thinking...'That's it? This was good makeup wise and the scenery was kind of cool, but THIS is it?' My main problem with this movie is the subsequent actions of some of the characters and how they are simply touched on and yet people are attaching huge amounts of symbolism to them.I have heard people say that the only downfall to this movie was that it was in Spanish and they had to be bothered reading subtitles in order to understand it - and therefore possibly missing some important parts while they're reading.Sorry...problems with this movie go beyond subtitles.The disobedience of Ofelia is infuriating and makes the entire movie unbelievable as a whole, on any point. Until the end of the movie, she obeys the faun, this mythical character that would scare the dickens out of most kids (call me crazy, but in my opinion, he looked evil and I'd have run as fast as my legs would carry me had he appeared to me, no matter how many fairtyales I'd read!) without question and yet when it's MOST important (the scene with the child eating pale man) she completely abandons all common sense.Okay, so she went to bed with no supper, that excuses eating the grapes when she was, in no uncertain terms, told that her LIFE would depend on NOT eating, no matter what she saw? I've read that she was in a trance, that it symbolizes this and that. Give me a break. She's just a typical kid that does what she wants when it suits her. No big mystery, meaning or symbolism there.And what of Mercedes? She can gut innocent pigs with no problem (as she says when she has the blade in the Captain's cheek) but she can't kill a murdering Fascist creep like him, thereby freeing the rebels and herself from his oppressive and cruel grip? People say, "Well, it's easy to say what you'd do if you haven't been in the situation." True...but it's also easy to say what you wouldn't do in the same situation, if you haven't lived it. I just think the entire situation was unrealistically presented.I resent all the ravings about this film and people trying to attach meaningless symbolism to this pieced together fairytale. Sometimes a movie is just a movie and I'm afraid this is one of them.What a disappointment.
bad Remember "Life", the recent sci-fi horror "Alien" knockoff with a great cast that couldn't compete with its sterile script? "The Cloverfield Paradox" is this year's "Life", except worse.I'm a sucker for sci-fi horror, so despite the bad reviews I went into this movie with an open mind. Truthfully, it's not terrible, mostly due to the cast. There isn't a weak link in the acting department. No matter how trite or cliché the dialogue is, they deliver it with the necessary gravitas. Sadly, this is a sci-fi horror film, so the bulk of the film's effectiveness lies with the scares. And that's where this movie fails. There was not a single decent scare or even an attempt at building suspense. There could have been tension had the location been bottled in the space station, but the movie cuts to and from an Earth storyline that has absolutely no bearing on the plot whatsoever. The movie itself makes no sense. It takes a page out of the "Event Horizon" book with the alternate dimensions and whatnot, which is a cool premise. The problem is that as soon as things go awry, the rulebook goes out the window. Things just happen because why the hell not. Chris O'Dowd's arm gets cut off and begins to write a message on its own. Some guy starts convulsing and worms burst out of his face. A stranger suddenly materializes inside one of the space station's walls. "Why?" is a valid question to all of these statements, but the movie has no intention of explaining anything.Then there's the Cloverfield aspect, which is clearly just tacked on at the end to capitalize on the name. Again, aside from the dedicated cast and some admittedly cool looking deaths, "The Cloverfield Paradox" brings nothing new or interesting to the genre. It's yet another "Alien" derivation with even less to say than the films that came before it.
bad My comments here pertain only to the recently-released Director's Cut of this film. I am among those who found the original release to be an amazing film, one that was original, beautiful and thought-provoking. I am sorry to say that the new version falls well short of the original.Most of the deleted scenes that are available on the original DVD have been added into the new version. One of these-Donnie's last scene with his father-works very well, but others fall flat and are not well-integrated into the narrative. While these additions are minor missteps, the addition of a repeated close up of an eye with computer data scrolling by and superimposed on the image is a major error. The images add nothing except cheese and are an anachronistic design element for a movie set in 1988. The movie has nothing to do with computers; computers don't even appear as props, except possibly in the background of a scene in the school office. These images have no place in the film's visual grammar.Kelly has also added in shots of pages from the Philosophy of Time Travel, the book that guides Donnie through his journey. The audience is invited to read about 'the manipulated dead,' 'the living receiver' and the like. Presumably the intent in adding these was to explain more of the theory of the events of the film. Some things, though, are better left unexplained. Putting in the equivalent of Cliff Notes deprives the moviegoer of the joy of trying to figure out the movie. The Director's Cut also shuffles the movie's great 80's soundtrack. Most of the time, these changes are innocuous. *SPOILER ALERT*However, by removing Under the Milky Way from the scene where, on his last night on earth, Donnie descends the stairs with Gretchen after they have make love for the first and last time, Kelly has marred one of the most beautiful moments in the film. I maintain that the original version of this movie is one of the two or three best movies of the last five years. The Director's Cut, however, is proof that sometimes stuff is left on the cutting-room floor for good reason.
bad In 1984, fans of sci-fi with action were surprised by "Terminator", one of the best films of this genre in the cinema industry. Followed by the excellent sequel "Terminator 2: Judgment Day" (1991), the franchise apparently ended in 2003 with "Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines". However, in 2008, it was released the series "Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles" that also worked well showing how Sarah and John Connor survived along the years. In 2009, the exhausted franchise was revived by Hollywood with "Terminator Salvation". Unfortunately "Terminator Genisys" is a typical example of the present days of Hollywood that insists in destroying great films from the past with the mediocrity of the present writers. This time, the studio does not only destroy the franchise but also the character John Connor and the initial vulnerability of Sarah Connor. The number of inconsistencies and paradoxes in the "butterfly effect" of the story is amazing. The best part of this movie is the smile of Pops. My vote is four.Title (Brazil): "O Exterminador do Futuro: Gênesis" ("The Terminator from the Future: Genisys")
bad I have to admit that when I was younger, I used to love watching this show, I actually thought it was very realistic and that it had a good plot each episode. Now of course, I was only 11 when I was watching the first season and I guess since it had grown up's in it, I assumed it was true to life. I grew up missing later seasons after Mary went to Buffalo to be with her grandparents. So years went by, not watching the show, not even missing it, but then one day I noticed on ABC Family that they were beginning to show the re-run's, so I figured I would watch the series again and give it another shot.The plot is basic, a minister's family has daily problems, usually mediocre and over blown. We have Eric, the dad and husband, he's also a minister at the local church. Annie, his wife and mother of 7, she's a home maker, tries to do little jobs here and there, but I guess Eric prefers her living at home. Matt who is the oldest brother, he's also throughout most of the series in college studying to be a doctor. Mary, the second oldest, a basketball star in high school, but goes onto "evil deeds" later on, the rebel of the family. Lucy, the third oldest, the drama queen sister. Simon, the fourth oldest, who is the bank to his siblings and is always having girl problems. Ruthie, the fifth oldest, the little know it all who gives advice and goes to special school for her talents. And lastly, the twins, who are the youngest, don't really get much character development on the show.Now we have major problems with this show that I realized, first off Aaron Spelling casts unbelievably good looking teens(who look nothing alike, when they're supposed to be siblings), not to mention their unrealistic reactions to their problems. I have learned from this show that you can heavily make out with guys, but it'll never lead to sex. If you're a smoker, you're a bad person. You can easily turn anyone else's problem into your own. When horrible problems occur that have nothing to do with you, guilt yourself, it's your fault somehow, even if you had no clue what was going on. If your wife is on hormones and drives you beyond insane(understandably), you remain patient and tolerant. Also, if you have a few financial problems, have one beer, don't go to college because you wanna figure out what you would like to do, oh, no, you can't do that in the Camdon family, they'll just ship you off to Buffalo.I think another problem I have with this show is that it's somewhat sexist, Annie is a house wife who really is more of a nut case than a strong female. If Lucy and her husband, Kevin, got into a fight, he just kissed her off and wouldn't talk to her about the problem. And in later seasons, Ruthie got some kind of a boyfriend at a young age, and she said she would die without him, it was just ridiculous. Another thing was how annoying an episode would be with a problem, some how everyone in the family had the exact same problem going on of some sort. The twins finishing each other's sentences was not cute, it showed a lack of material for them.I don't mean to complain so much about the show, it just had horrible acting and unbelievable situations. While it might be good for pre-teens, this is sadly not an adult show, it's insulting to the mind. I would love to say something good for this show, but I can't really, because it's hard to think about one good thing that I could say, it doesn't really have anything good. None of the characters are lovable, like Ruthie, who was supposed to be the wise one of the family was more annoying than tolerant. It's just a silly show when you really look at it, all I have to say to this family if I met them is to start minding their own business and take care of their own problems.
bad I just couldn't believe it. Amy Schumer, the comedian of the moment and iconic Goldie Hawn decide to make a movie together, wow! But this is the best they could come up with? So depressing. Have they heard of Preston Sturges, Billy Wilder. No of course not. Goldie Hawn must know. She was in "Overboard" and in that original, witty and phenomenal comedy with Mewryl Streep "Death Becomes Her" She was with Ingrid Bergman and Walter Matthau in "Cactus Flower". My point is, she must have known, reading the script that this was going to be offensive to an audience who love her. There is nothing to recommend here but lots to reprimand.
bad This is a great Disney TV show. I love Disney TV show. I love jokes and hummer, I love the cast and Judy is a crazy funny robot who helps them in occasion.I really like that's shes a spy and shes on the good side not the bad side that's called the other side literally. I love that character who plays her best friend and the character who plays the mom and dad and the character who plays the brother and robot. I love what the writers do and that's about it. I really love this TV show all the best not the best TV show of all time but a good one. I really like the TV shows characters and story line.I hope it gets better and better. I love that it's for all ages mostly. The like that Zandaya sings the theme song.I give it a high rating. So please watch IT I hope you like it as mush or more then me. I love that it's on season 2.
bad Okay. First let me state that this is quite likely the worst movie I've seen in the past 10 years. Of course, I couldn't have expected much because the word Disney is not followed by Pixar. First of all, this monstrosity is almost impossible to follow from the getgo. All the characters in the story are crammed down our throat at the same time. The dialogue could easily have been written by any of the 13-year old fangirls whose alphabet consists mostly of numbers, and the letters O, M, and G. There is no plot or character development, and all of these supposed high-school characters seem more like kindergartens. The sappy dialogue is bested by the childish, uninspired score that simply jumps in and out without any pretext or introduction. The wafer thin plot is clichéd, and has been flogged throughout every Disney movie ever, "We were mean to you but now we're sorry so let's be BFFLS"(sic). This movie is essentialy an even more watered down version of Grease intended for an audience of 8-month olds, or teenagers with a similar mental capacity. I implore you, if the collective IQ of you and your wallet is equal to 80 or higher, please, please save yourself the worry and never watch this terrible, uninspired, and woefully overrated flop.
bad I really liked Maze runner, but still don't understand why they didn't just build a ladder to the top of the wall and walk out. This movie was full of WTF stupid moments that really bugs me.Like why didn't they just turn off the generator when they noticed that that's what brought the zombies to life?! Instead they just leave it on and like Monty Pithon they run away, run away!When Brenda and Thomas see that creepy growing red stuff on the walls of the sewer, anyone else, after all they have been through would have taken one look and said nope, I'm outta here, but instead they have to go fully investigate this dangerous looking creepy stuff. They could have found a better way to have Brenda get infected.When Thomas makes an impossible heroic save of Brenda from falling to the ground through the glass, are we really supposed to assume they had no trouble at all getting back to the doorway above and clear from danger?!When that guy is shooting the big gun off the back of the truck, first of all he is a horrible shot not able to hit a huge helicopter and second, why didn't he shoot the transport before the kids got on it. All the bad people were on it and ripe for the killing and yet he does nothing. I also thought Mary's character was way too short lived. Brenda and Thomas relationship was not played out well enough and I really don't like Teresa. Traitor bitch ;) Also couldn't they find a better song than After Midnight? AC/DC or Disturbed or something that sounded like destruction would have made for a better scene. I have not read the books, but maybe the film would be better if they hadn't heavily diverted away. Either way I think it was lazily written and I want my $6 back! Lol
bad There's a point when the main character and voice-over narrator on Love says that he never sees a movie presenting "emotional sexuality". Sex, semen and blood, that's what people would like to see. Murphy is a filmmaker, or so he says. Actually, I think he is just a puppet to Gaspar Noé intents in this too stereotyped film that had the big ambition to be innovative.Love has been creating some noisy around the world, and has been like that since its premiere during Cannes. Explicit sex and love scenes on 3D, that is how the movie has been known mostly. Despite the bad reviews, I thought it would be at least interesting. It wasn't, at all.Before the first scene, there's a sign announcing the moment to put the 3D glasses on. And so the terrible nonsense begins. At the very begin I've already realized this movie is just noisy. The sex is explicit and so, so boring, that I was begging to the characters to finish their business as soon as possible. What was announced as innovative, is just a bunch of clichés put together. It is filmmaking in its worse. Gaspar Noe thinks he knows so much, and that he is above the other mere mortals. His condescending arrogance is staggering, actually. I imagine him thinking: this world is so mediocre, full of prude hypocrites, I'll show them how it's done and make a movie about excruciating love and sex. So he started to write it and finally realized it wouldn't be so easy. To talk about life, and love, and sex it is necessary to be really alive, and not just criticizing the other's ways from outside. Unable to write a true love sexy story, he decided then to check every box that came to his mind relating to sex: explicit scenes, close on dicks, threesome, sex clubs, homosexual sex, trannies, public sex and so on. As if a close on a ejaculating dick would be the quintessence of a revolutionary speech. There's a bunch of unrelated scenes, as if the awful voice-over could succeed in giving them some meaning. An example: at one scene, the couple are lying on bed after sex, and from nothing, the guy asks the girl about her biggest fantasy. Sexual? she replies. Of course, he says. And she tells him how that she would like have sex with him and a third woman, a blond with blue eyes. The next day or so, they are getting their mail when they meet the new neighbor: a sixteen blue eyed blond that are living next door. After the badly filmed threesome, the guy says: thanks for Europe! (a place where eh would have a three way sex with a minor). Did you get the image? So.Gaspar Noé, by his main character, affirms that there's not sexual love stories on the screen. I think he never saw any of Bernardo Bertolucci's movies. Or the Spanish/French production Sex and Lucía, a beautiful story about love with stunning and heartfelt sex scenes (Paz Vega is incredible). Or even Betty Blue, for everybody's sake. Or even 9 Songs - even with all the bad reviews, this one is actually honest. Sorry the rage, but it is inevitable. Noé should look better around him, or, even better, he should head to the DVD section on a store and just see how wrong he is. I've read how the acting here is terrible, and it is a fact. The actors are not even able to walk naturally (it is so staged that hurts), let alone show deep feelings or have real sex. And despite what has been said, I don't think it is difficult to find good actors that would accept to be a part of this project if it was a good one. At least his protagonist should have been more endearing - even if I'm not sure that it would have saved this doomed story anyway. Because the problem here is not just the bad acting, the lousy dialogues, the incredibly lousy and staged sex scenes. The main trouble in this movie is the sexist, arrogant, wrongful view about the world and people. And when a filmmaker start this way, there's nothing that can save him from the impending doom. People were leaving the theater constantly, they were dropping like flies. However, rather than doing that by how explicit the sex is, I think people did leave for the sole reason of how bad is this movie. It's unbearable in fact. And we see no end to it, two hours and fifteen minutes of sheer bad filmmaking. Not could be more far from deep emotion, an intense love story and visceral sex. (First published at http://onemovieadaywithamelie.blogspot.com.br/2015/09/day-190-love- september15.html
bad In 1989 Disney scored a surprise box office smash with 'Honey, I Shrunk The Kids', a fun adventure for all the family that placed a handful of miniaturised kids in a perilous and amusing thrill ride that showcased some truly amazing special effects. It's success led to a sequel in 1992, 'Honey, I Blew Up The Kid', a joyous effects-heavy romp about a rampaging over-sized toddler that although not quite on par with it's predecessor was nonetheless frenetic and entertaining. Then in 1997 came 'Honey, We Shrunk Ourselves', a direct-to-video sequel. By this point only Rick Moranis as wacky inventor Wayne Szalinski remained onboard. Marcia Strassman as his wife Diane is replaced by Eve Gordon and Bug Hall takes over the role of their young son Adam (their other kids Amy and Nick are mentioned but not seen). 'Honey, We Shrunk Ourselves' pales considerably in comparison to the other two entries. It seems overall to be very pedestrian with woefully inferior effects and a dumbed down script. The budget is shrunken dramatically and it seems to solely target the very youngest audience with it's heavy handed life lessons. Even Rick Moranis appears bored by the proceedings, turning in an adequate but tired performance. It's a shame that a series that had started out on a high had to end with a bargain basement clunker. It's probably best to skip this entry and re-watch the other two 'Honey' films instead.
bad I was well aware that this movie would be about over-the-top action and CGI only and so I decided to shut down my brain to stand-by and direct all available blood to the eyes and ears. A technique that works perfectly for classic Bruce Willis or Arnie films giving you 2 hours of entertainment and fun. Unfortunately this time it did not work. "2012" delivers so many low blows to a homo sapiens' mind that some kind of subconscious alarm must have been triggered that woke up my brain to avoid any permanent damage. Then the real suffering began.You don't expect to get a good script with witty dialog and good storytelling in movies like this - and you don't get it. You don't expect the best and most convincing actors in the world in movies like this - and you don't get them. Woody Harrelson being the only exception. You probably don't expect the best editing, lighting, costume designing etc. in movies like this - and you don't get them.You DO expect overwhelming visuals in this kind of movies - you get them partially. You DO expect thrills and suspense and surprises in this kind of movies - you don't get them.Roland Emmerich artfully manages to make watching the end of the world in monumental pictures a thoroughly boring experience. Why? Because this film never touches you in any way. The main characters remain shallow throughout the whole 158 minutes. Some are just not interesting, others are so overdrawn (Yuri, Tamara) that you just can't think of them as real people. The story does not develop and lead to something you did not expect. There is no flow. Ridiculous action scenes alternate with pathetic, kitschy good-bye talks that fail to catch you because NO actual human being would ever talk or act in the ways depicted here. There is no realism at all in virtually any scene of the film so how could you manage to connect to it?But the worst of all is the awkward exaggeration in EVERYTHING shown on the screen. It is nice to see a nail-biting last-second escape in a movie. Seeing your main characters taking a one-in-a-million chance every ten minutes is revolting. It is an insult to your intelligence. In this respect "2012" has set a new standard. It makes all four "Indiana Jones" movies look like documentaries. Who cares for the laws of physics? Just invent new ones if it is necessary to save the hero!Of course this is fiction and you are allowed some creativity to keep things going but there is a limit to what you can ask from the viewer to believe.*** Spoiler*** My "favourite" scene of the movie: Our heroes are on a Russian cargo plane heading for China. The plane is piloted by one professional and a student pilot who has had a few hours on a single engine sports airplane(?). After having survived a last-second escape (see?) from the airport they are planning to get a refueling at Hawaii. Unfortunately the island has turned into a lump of molten lava and they have to continue their flight knowing they would not make it to China but go down somewhere in the open waters. The very moment they run out of fuel they discover that the Asian continent has moved 2500 kilometers in their direction(!) and they crash-land their aircraft on some elevated plain a stone's throw from the original destination! Of course there is a group of helicopters flying by only minutes later to pick them up and get them to the secret base they were heading for... *** End of Spoiler ***And no, this is not an exception. There are numerous parts like this. It is just like I said: an insult to your intelligence.Believe me, I could easily list at least a hundred of flaws and errors made in this movie ranging from human behavior over technical design to mathematical chances - not even regarding the constant violation of physical principles.All in all I am convinced that it is for your own good not to spend your money on buying a ticket for this crap but find any other use for it. Burning it is a legitimate alternative. At least that would save your time.
bad Movie begins. Some sh*t happens.Vampire dude: I've killed humans. But, you know, I'm not a monster or anything anymore, all I do now is hunt animals, drink their blood while they are mostly still alive, and dismember the carcases after.Stupid retarded pale girl: OH WOW, well that's OK! Because you are HOT and totally BADASS and you have skin that shines like f*cking diamonds in the sun for some f*cking unknown reason and I like shiny stuff because I'm f*cking retarded!Vampire dude: I think we should go out because I am an obsessive compulsive stalker and you don't mind having men you've just met sneaking into your bedroom at night and watching you sleep.Stupid retarded pale girl: I can see no fallacies with your logic.Some more sh*t happens.The end.
bad The problem with trying to do a straight-faced homage to the Jack Hill/Pam Grier movies of the 70s (most notably Coffy and Foxy Brown) where a lady could have an exuberant name, take on the bad dudes by herself and have a funky soundtrack to accompany her actions is that a) those movies were either trying to not take themselves too seriously, unlike Proud Mary that thinks it's a legit dramatic/tragic effort, and b) you need a collaboration that works on all three fronts - powerful leading lady AND a decent script AND a director who knows what he/she is doing. This only has one of those in Taraji P Henson, who is not only game for this kind of movie but has done the training necessary for a character who kills a lot of people with guns and some fight choreography. She and a couple other actors are left floundering (notice I only said a few, and that's being kind) by a director who is the opposite of talented.I'm too lazy to look up who wrote this both half-baked and simultaneously over-cooked story of a mob assassin who kills the father of a boy, turning him an orphan (I can hear Black Dynamite, a character this world really needs now more than ever, yell now "NOT THE ORPHANS! THEY HAVE NO PARENTS!") and then she looks after him a full year later once the boy has, uh, fallen under the dominance of a Russian mobster so then mob-war ensues that's kind of her fault in a lot of ways... but the director? Oh, Babak Najafi had only been on my radar due to a delayed viewing of the sequel London Has Fallen, and in part because some - not all but some - of that had some inspired insanity. It appears though when he doesn't have everything handed over to him the hack in him comes out ten-fold, and the worst part is the dull sensation that washes over you as you slump further in the chair taking in what should or could be a deliciously trashy (or, hell, a legitimately *good*) vehicle for Henson.Instead we get a vision that doesn't have any vision, as Najafi edits like he's worried we'll lose interest so it's rapid even when the more boring conversations are happening (sometimes with a rather one-note Danny Glover as Mary's boss, who I hadn't seen in a while but could tell a ton of this was ADR'd, badly), and the adverse inevitably happens and interest gets deflated very quickly. Maybe he knows there's not much here, a script that sorely needed some work to liven it up or to make it less of a pseudo uh black Batman origin story in the guise of a female action flick. He leaves his actors for themselves too to do what they can, and how one can tell is that everything with Henson and the boy Danny (Winston) is markedly more natural and emotional than everything else (ie Billy Brown as Tom, who is mostly a wooden presence). Even given some cool looking locations in the Boston city area, a change of pace from the usual Louisiana landscapes for these cheap genre fare, is given the short shrift with his shooting and editing.I know it sounds like I'm going after a flmmaker for a product that doesn't mean much and should just be enjoyed as dumb popcorn fare, but that's precisely the point. Take Henson out of this (Glover could be optional either way) and this is some direct to video piece of drek that isn't enjoyable as schlock until the final ten minutes when the title track comes up and we see lots of insane bullets and cars and people getting killed happen. No one wants to really be here aside from the two leads, and that makes it all the more painful. I'm sorry, but for all of the support I want to give Henson, she needs people around her that actually care about what they are doing (again, for as silly as Hill/Grier projects of the 70's, there was some attention to craft going on) and can give her something that rises above mediocrity. That actually makes it worse, since the marketing and even the opening credits give the impression of a decent homage. It's a conflicting emotion one is left with: on the one hand, you want something like this to have some success so she can get more roles like this or has more opportunities to expand what she can do (Empire won't be on the air forever, and as solid as she is in Hidden Figures it's not all she's capable of). On the other hand, if this movie tanking means that Najafi is a little closer to being run out of Hollywood to go back to directing the Iranian direct-to-video crap he was doing before, that's fine too. So... ugh.
bad ..it's not there's big things wrong with this series.. there's just not enough to latch on to and look forward to episode after episode.. as there's little, if any story-line carryover week to week.. and what they do present each week although not poorly executed, if you were to miss any of it, there would be no realization much had passed.. would imagine it might be possible they'd try for a second season, but keeping the current script formula in place does not bode well for much more than stretching out another season at most.. but as seen before, there are those have gone several seasons where the exact same might be said.. that's TV series programming today.
bad Barry Lyndon is considered a middling success, in terms of how well it was received when it was initially released (critically and by the public), how well it stacks against other Stanley Kubrick movies and how well it did at the box office.For me it is a glorious, 3+ hour sensory treat. The Sundance channel played it Easter morning and ran only two commercial breaks.Stanley Kubrick excels at creating stunning, unforgettable visuals. Some of the most famous are Slim Pickens riding a nuclear warhead, James Mason casually painting Sue Lyon's toenails (Lolita), the astronaut dismantling HAL, floating over a circuit pad and making the computer progressively dumber and dumber, until it starts singing "Daisy," Alec and his droogs in "A Clockwork Orange", and the sergeant berating a recruit in "Full Metal Jacket." So what is the stunning, unforgettable visual in Barry Lyndon? Practically the whole movie! Mr. Kubrick set out to create a cinematic experience out of the Gainsborough paintings of the 18th century. Several scenes in Barry Lyndon are filmed in candlelight, which creates an ethereal experience.Was there any woman as beautiful in any movie as Marisa Berenson was as Lady Lyndon in Barry Lyndon? Granted, she had help from Stanley Kubrick's direction, but could any actress of today have embodied this role as well? Doubtful. Ryan O'Neal excelled in the title role, as well.Winner of four well-deserved Oscars for set design, cinematography, musical score and costumes. See it!
bad One thing to say that just needs to be said which sums up this show in a nut shell : Disney have lost all credibility. First of all, to be fair, I am not a young kid so I don't know how young kids feel about this show, but the show consists of (apparently) teenagers. When are Disney going to stop trying to pull off a show about teenagers? Either stop being so conservative and actually show what real teenagers are like or stop humiliating these poor kid actors who are reduced to portraying ultimately complete dorks on the screen. This show is embarrassingly unfunny- Billy Ray Cyrus had one hit album like what a million years ago and now thinks of himself as an actor? Its painful to watch him act and I think bad acting is genetic because shes even worse. The only remotely funny people in the show are Mylee's two friends whom are still not given much to work with script wise but could probably be funny doing something real. The show is simply stupid and made for the mentally retarded. It offers no intelligence, no wit - just the same boring storyline every single episode with the same processed no good acting- I am still scratching my head as to why this show has done so well. Please God - just do us all a favour and take it off the air?
bad I really do feel sorry for those that enjoyed the first two Spiderman films, but hated this one. I really enjoyed it, and for those of us who did, it keeps going or completes the story of Spiderman. Was it as good as the first? Yes, maybe better. Was it as good as the second? Nope, and I truly believe that may be why some do not care for it as much.Don't get me wrong it has its problems. It did have a feeling of having too much crammed into one film, and the scene with Osborn's butler telling him that his father killed himself was the low point. Overall though the film was fun, had awesome effects, great bad guys, cool fight scenes, and most importantly it kept the focus of the film on Peter Parker/Spiderman. Not on Venom, which some of those that absolutely think the film sucks actually wanted.Yes I know Venom has a huge following, but it is not a film about him. All Spiderman films have kept the villains as antagonists that keep the film going, nothing more, and that is how it should have been. Through out all three films the main story is about PP and MJ like it or not.Overall I think that Spiderman 3 is a great addition to the Spiderman films. The movie explores the "dark" things that people do to each other, and the ability to forgive those that do. I also liked the low key ending, which was different then the first two. It was subtle and suited the overall theme of the film. It also showed the finality of the series, while at the same time leaving room for a possible sequel. Once again sorry to those who hated it, because for those that loved it we now have the best comic book trilogy ever put on film.
bad It wasn't funny. It was not smart. It was full of clichés and stolen old over used plot devices. predictable. It spent most of its time acting over the top stupid thinking the audience will laugh at extreme stupidity. other movies have done this much better. even with the old and tired plot devices and clichés, because they were funny, i enjoyed the humor. i didn't enjoy this movie and wanted to leave.
bad To be honest in recent years I was so amazed with some movies/ shows inspired by great books ( such as lotr , got ...etc) . But this movie is a hollow action movie. Firstly , why the hell you made the Roland black , do you have any logical reason ( please stop this equality bullshit , lets change the black panther with a white cast and see the outburst .....) , secondly did the script writers ever read the books? there is a huge lore and character development in the books , but the script writers made it another guns blazing movie . Also such a great actor wasted with shallow script and cliché dialogues ( Mathew ... ) . Anyway , If you like mindless action , you don't care about the story, no character development...etc still don't watch it go and watch expendables again.... Such a shame...
bad I have walked out of 2 movies in my entire life. This is the 2nd. considering how expensive going to the movies has become it takes a lot for me to get up out of my seat and say my time is more valuable than my investment. I stayed a little over an hour thinking somehow it might get better. The people in the audience I was in all laughed at every joke so I came to realize that I was not the target audience and the jokes would continue on this level. This was the story of a "girls trip" with old college friends. The trailer looked pretty cute and I always liked Queen Latifah, Jayda Pinket Smith...so I thought this could be another Bridesmaids or something vulgar but cleverly vulgar (I'm not against vulgarity).This movie was unbelievably juvenile. And not like that's such a bad thing. Juvenile humor CAN be quite hilarious (if it's clever), which imho this was definitely not. In Bridesmaids "Annie" took valium chased with hard liquor and questioned the flight attendant as to why his name was "Stove" (even though it was Steve) and drunkenly told him that "this is the 90's. It's civil rights" and he told her "you're in the wrong decade". Yeah, this was juvenile too, but imo it was very clever and hilarious. The "spoiler" was when Jada's character got into a harness (though she revealed that she had to pee) in New Orleans to zip line from one building to another with thousands below her. Her zip line got stuck halfway across and big surprise she projectile peed on the people below. Of course the audience laughed hysterically. I was not amused. Instead I was pretty depressed that this is what people find funny.
bad How can you honestly take a movie seriously, when the makeup is always flawless. The lead actress who cuts her hair with pruning shears and then ends up with a $500 haircut with highlights and lowlights? Her makeup always perfect after every battle. I mean, she really is going to have full makeup, eyeliner, eye shadow, blush etc. Is a war zone?I mean I understand that they want the main actress to be beautiful but how can you even remotely take a film seriously like this? At least in the hunger games, they didn't have to have Jennifer Lawrence in obvious full make up during the fight scenes, yet she still looked beautiful. I won't even get into how boring the movie was because what I just stated were very obvious poor decision mistakes. A typical "teen" show in my opinion. Sad.
bad As many others I played the Assassins Creed games and was looking forward to this film however it is safe to say that I was extremely disappointed. No matter if you have played the games or not this film was awful. First things first the script is poor. If I hadn't played the games I would have struggled to understand many of the references. The script is vague and confusing in parts which led to a man who sat in front of me leaving half way through (I wish I did the same). Although I am a fan of Michael Fassbender the quality of the writing meant he was wasted in this film. When it comes to the special effects the use of CGI was average. The fighting sequences weren't as good as I expected as it wasn't clear what was happening. The overall story was disappointing and the fact that there will be a sequel made it even more disappointing. I hate to compare but the games were good and the film was rubbish. I would not advise wasting time watching this. Please. For your sake.
bad Spoilers ahead, although not really, since none of the movie you watch will be relevant to the ending.Let's break it down simply. The whole movie is a two hour long, twilight zone style "and then he woke up." Everything you watch, all of the characters, all of the story, mean nothing. They are erased at the ending when the protagonist "comes to" and realizes that he's just a murderer. But keep in mind, this isn't any normal crime. It is at once as cliché and as over the top as possible.In the meantime, heir director made no attempt to do any serious research into psychology at all, even its history. At the end you're watching a literal, rational, "bargain" being made between the psychologists and the protagonist, despite the fact that at the outset of the film they point out that the insane are not so easily "reasoned" with, that they don't respond to stimuli in "rational" ways.In short, the whole movie is a textbook case of failure in the art of story telling. I wish I could be less harsh, but I've been reading IMDb for years now, and this was the first time I felt the need to register to expose a film. If you really liked this film, then you don't understand story telling at all, and you have no taste. You can whine about it all being a matter of opinion if you want, but a story that in its climax obliterates the hour and a half you took to get there is no story at all.
bad Very few films can match up to the original first movies. 'Before Sunset' is one such. This time Linklater has co-written the screenplay with Hawke and Delpy. Jesse and Celine reunite after nine years. Things haven't turned out the way they had expected but here's a chance. 'Before Sunset' follows pretty much the same style as 'Before Sunrise'. This one too is very much a conversational piece. Here the score is used to a minimal. During the end we hear some songs including Julie Delpy's beautiful 'My Waltz'. The cinematography consists of more long shots than in the first movie. The film has a very mature feel to it. Of course Jesse and Celine are a lot more mature today and less idealistic than they were nine years ago. Linklater beautifully captures the love between these two characters as he walks us through the streets of Paris. Here too the dialogues are just as magical as in the first movie except that this time there's a melancholy about the things that could have been, the years that they could have been together. Both Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy are terrific as ever and they deserve additional praise for the writing and Ms. Delpy for her singing. Overall, 'Before Sunset' has everything that made 'Before Sunrise' a phenomenal movie experience.
bad The guys from Workaholics star in Netflix's version of a hard R action comedy. In this world, the trio still work together, this time as hotel housekeepers. As you would expect, they do their work half-heartedly with plenty of breaks to drink various rooms's leftover champagne, use drugs and discuss inane million-dollar ideas.  One particular evening becomes more interesting than most when a group of criminals show up to take money from a rich celebrity by the name of, the Bae, who happens to be throwing a party at the hotel. The criminals are doing this because the Bae embezzled money from their company. Or his rich father did. Or something. It doesn't really matter. They're criminals. They're here to steal something. You get the idea. It's a funny enough set up, though it's a superficial one. We also see an inappropriate hotel manager, a diligent, eager-to-please female housekeeper and the Bae's crew. They are weakly developed as characters, as is the case with virtually every character outside of the main three. The plot is essentially the same way. One silly action sequence leads to the next without paying much mind to making anyone's actions believable. It's all excusable, since it clearly was not the movie's focus. Everyone and everything is really only here to be funny. But the lack of character development and plot coherence puts a low ceiling on the movie's potential.  Also capping the film's ceiling are the random cameos that served no purpose other than for the audience to say, "oh, hey it's that guy/that girl!" They're pretty weak and pointless. Similarly, somewhere along the way, a character awkwardly comes out of the closet. I'm not sure if the moment is meant to be funny or moving, but it's neither.  The movie succeeds in putting funny moments on screen in the way of in-your-face male nudity and plenty of crude sex jokes. It also gives us plenty of comic violence moments, some of which were gross in a funny way and others were just gross in a gross way. Other less hardcore moments of comedy come from the Workaholics trio's charisma. The guys are undeniably funny in many scenes. Those moments make me wish the entire movie dialed itself down a few levels because a tamer version of the movie could have been a better one, and one that's just as funny. Ultimately, audiences should take this movie for what it is. It's zany. It's raunchy. It's fun. If at any point you find yourself dissecting the plot, stop. That will do no good for anyone. Instead, watch this movie through an altered lens. I'm not suggesting that you should definitely take something that alters your perception before watching this movie, but I'm also not suggesting that you definitely should not do that.  In any case, watch this movie for a laugh. Save the drama and intellect for another movie.
bad Upper middle-class mockney Guy Ritchie virtually remakes his previous hit LOCK,STOCK AND TWO SMOKING BARRELS,but this time with a larger budget,the addition of a Hollywood big-name (Brad Pitt),and even more flamboyant surface style than before.But this does not disguise the excessively complicated plot,the rather glib characterisations (not enhanced by jokey,Runyonese monikers),and the undoubted emptiness that lies beneath Ritchie's directorial excesses which threatened to get out of hand on LOCK STOCK;it certainly goes several miles overboard in SNATCH,which is to the film's considerable detriment.It is quite obvious that Ritchie is impersonating such American filmmakers as Scorcese and Tarantino (who himself has always been somewhat derivative of other directors,and judging by his recent efforts seems to be running out of the ideas he once had),though the gangster epics made by the aforementioned had far more style,depth,wit and conviction about them.Ritchie's closeted,wealthy background means that his essay in low-life criminality comes across as a caricatured,stylised fantasy,which admittedly is slick and very fast-paced,but lacking in the slightest bit of profundity.He may think his various directorial flourishes which he frequently employs here (and to a somewhat lesser extent in LOCK STOCK) are clever and the epitome of innovation,but they are actually anything but;merely designed to cover the obviousness of the plot,they rapidly become wearisomely flashy,and so resistibly self regarding as to become monstrous and indeed wholly pointless and unnecessary;subtler and quieter directorial techniques would've been much more credible and effective.The cast involved (Alan Ford,Jason Statham,Lennie James,Dennis Farina among them) appearing as various English,American and Russian mobsters are mostly adequate but are merely reduced to a back-seat ensemble due to Ritchie's directorial self-gratification.As with LOCK STOCK,Vinnie Jones plays Vinnie Jones again,though with even less persuasion this time,the soundtrack includes a tune from Ritchie's future spouse Madonna (it's doubtful much money had to paid for the copyright there),and Pitt is rather foolish as a virtually unintelligible Irish Traveller who gets dragged in to this most complex of stories.The only female role of any note comes from Sorcha Cusack as Pitt's mother,and that consists of a mere sprinkling of exposition. SNATCH has it's merits but like it's somewhat better predecessor LOCK STOCK,mostly gives the undeniable impression that it is overwhelmingly pleased with it's own bravado,which when you look more closely is not as outstanding as it believes it is.And Ritchie's subsequent flops (SWEPT AWAY,REVOLVER) means he will have to tone down his narcissism very soon or his career may never recover.RATING:5 and a half out of 10.
bad Never saw the whole thing through until tonight, on TCM. And I must say, I again got impatient with Hitchcock's penchant for manipulating reality, as if it didn't matter, in setting up his character conflicts towards suspenseful endings. It's all to do with believing what you see. One should not take for granted any audiences, all of whom are familiar with real life.The film begins with a long long establishing panning shot of the location and ends up in tight close-up of our hero at the window, which was fine, but why was the camera movement so shaky? Surely smooth pans were achievable back in 1954, weren't they?Then silly little things annoyed me. Like, did New Yorkers ever leave their front doors unlocked? When I lived there in the early sixties, we installed police locks, because regular locks were deemed too easy for intruders to break in. And what was with the SLR camera and its huge long lens that Stewart kept peering through? He wasn't taking pictures, he seemed to be using it as a telescope in preference to his powerful binoculars.Dramatic writing skill consists largely of giving information necessary to the plot in well disguised ways. When we first meet Grace Kelly, the method used to reveal her character's name was by her pointing out bits of furniture after herself - embarrassing. And one could not believe her sudden conversion from scorn to belief in Stewart's suspicions, nor her journey to dig up the murderer's garden while wearing the long flowing "new look" fashion, nor her break-in climbing ladders to get into his apartment.What I'm saying is that paying attention to real-life situations to serve the setting up of dramatic conflict has always been a challenge for film-makers, and if done successfully can only serve to make the finished product much more acceptable - suspension of disbelief being key. Hitchcock too often reveals a contempt for this, preferring to manipulate the small details of real life, in order to serve what he sees as his higher purpose.
bad This movie feels like someone shot two separate movies - one being Heydrich's biography, second being action thriller about his assassination - cut the run time of each one to half and merged them together. The first half follows Reinhard Heydrich on his rise to power, orchestrated by his wife Lina. It's not exactly a thrilling spectacle, but both Jason Clarke and Rosamunde Pike deliver solid performances (although Clarke is far from the brilliance of Ralph Fiennes in Schindler's list). The problem is that the story line seems absurdly rushed, many important events are left out or shown through short collages with voice-over and music playing and it just feels incomplete. I would love to see a full 2 hours long Heydrich's biography that would dig deeper into Heydrich's relationship with his wife, his rise to power and his work and status in the Nazi regime.Unfortunately, after one hour of this rushed biography, the movie almost completely abandons Heydrich and his wife (both have literally minutes of screen time in the second half, most of it together) and shifts focus to Czechoslovak paratroopers in Prague. Since then, it feels like Jimenez just took the movie Anthropoid (2016), cast new actors, re-shot the movie shot by shot and cut out half of the scenes. If you have seen Anthropoid, you can skip the second half in its entirety and you won't miss anything. The fact that Jack O'Connel and Jack Reynor look alike to the point it's easy to confuse their actions doesn't help either. The only upside of the second half is Mia Wasikovska who does much better job than Ana Geislerova in Anthropoid. HHhH (or The Man with the Iron Heart) is not a bad movie per se, it's just oddly structured, rushed and given the existence of Anthropoid, feels a bit redundant.
bad The Book of Henry is a beautifully layered movie about the joys and sorrows of being a human being. No one in this brilliant story overplays their part; it's such a pleasure to be introduced to each of them as it unfolds. Just as in life there are starts and stops here which captivate the viewer from the beginning and they are drawn in until the ending. For those who say the story might not be plausible simply pick up the newspaper or watch the news these days; anyone involving the human spirit is possible. It would be too brazen to explain the plot in detail because like a great book, a great play or a great novel you simply know it when you see it. Unfortunately, the mass audiences will not appreciate this movie as it will be well above their mindset. I absolutely loved it.
bad Minor spoilers (just some dialogue and show agenda).I really wanted to enjoy this show, my daughter really wanted to enjoy this show, my son really wanted to enjoy this show, my wife really wanted to enjoy this show...The good: Characters had the right names, special effects were pretty good, the actors were all competent.The bad: Everything else, from the feminist and SJW (social justice warrior) propaganda and agenda constantly invading the story to the text book racist move of replacing a 75+ year beloved white nerdy teen character with a handsome suave 35 year old Black man.The show also was rampant with misandry and sexism aimed at men. My daughter and wife were offended by the show constantly shoving feminist lies down the viewers throats. Men who did not love/worship Supergirl were constantly downing women. My daughter flat out said she had never heard anyone ever say to her or another girl at school "You can't because your just a girl" or any thing remotely like it, let alone this gem from the show "Women bow to men" that's a direct line from one of the men on the show. My young son wondered why all the men were bad guys except for the two main male characters who basically worship the main character (serious feminist feminist wish fulfillment).The show broke men down in to two categories: 1.) Men who worship the female (Supergirl) are good (jimmy Olsen and Supergirl's work friend) 2.) Men who did not worship the female were psychotic killers or violent military men. There are no other types on the show. It reeks of the uber feminist CBS Entertainment Chairman Nina Tassler's feminist ideology which makes since, the show is her baby.Its hard to enjoy a show that is openly racist, sexist, and has an obvious political agenda all while sending the message "If you don't agree with us YOUR the racist, sexist problem," apparently CBS thinks its OK to be racist to white people and sexist towards men because their feminist Chairmen says so. Whats worse is this show is aimed at young adults, teens and kids, meaning your kids are purposely being fed an hour of pure propaganda in the guise of a Superhero show.
bad I still love Goldie but all through the movie I just kept wondering how that Amy chick gets cast in anything other than an extra on the walking dead. This review has to be at least 5 lines so to recap, I thought the movie could have been OK with a better choice of actresses, I wouldn't have even gone without free tickets.
bad I've been waiting over 20 years to see this beautiful story come to life, and was beyond excited when I saw that it was finally going to happen. I told everyone about it, many of whom had never even heard of the book. Now I just look like an idiot. The only positive I can cite is the acting by Chris Pine, and there were a couple of emotional moments that were well done. Otherwise, the entire movie was a poorly thrown together mess. The costumes were horrible, with Oprah's eyebrows looking like drugstore stick-on gems (and they weren't even straight!) Oprah's acting was atrocious. Reese Witherspoon was slightly entertaining, but even that felt forced. As for the story.....if you loved the book, don't see this movie. Just remember the book the way it is, you don't want to see it like this. They've removed key parts of the story, changed SOOOO much that it's barely recognizable. I understand that no movie ever sticks 100% to the book, and accept that each director will have their own interpretation. But this was just a massacre. And no, I couldn't care less that they changed the race of Meg, that's the least of the problems this nightmare has.
bad The movie itself is _just_awful. Half the dialog seems to be "go, just go". Yeah, really. But my biggest problem with the flick (and books for that matter) is that fact that they're just one big lazy rip-off of every YA post-holocaust survival test story we've ever heard of. It's one thing to do a genre piece - it's another to not even present logical reasons for the 'cool' stuff you want in your story. eg. @ WCKD headquarters (oh they can't be serious with that hyper-obvious name?!): WCKD Scientist 1: "These teens have the secret to beating the disease" WCKD Scientist 2: "Oh cool, let's run some blood tests, check their DNA, maybe do some CAT scans..." WCKD Scientist 1: "Naaah, why don't we basically re-create that historic TV show Big Brother, add a dash of 'Survivor', and somehow that will tell us what's so special about these kids!" WCKD Scientist 2: "Oh, well, yeah....why didn't I think of that?! It'll certainly give us plenty of opportunity for people who don't ask too many questions about a plot to gaze mindlessly at the screen when we broadcast it....yeah, let's make some money!!"Further to that, this movie has...wait for it.....zombies. Yes, that staple of so many low-grade flicks and TV shows these days, zombies. Could the writer have tried just one iota harder to come up with something original? Apparently not. Final verdict? Don't waste your time on this one ...you'll hate yourself for it if you do, lol =)
bad Why would they remake a film by the master? The whole idea behind remaking films is to remake something that was maybe a good idea but had bad execution. The original Oldboy is a 10 top to bottom, story, script, action, actors, direction, why did they try to remake perfection. Josh Brolin is good but when you start comparing him to the pain and anguish Min-Sik Choi convaed in the Korean version there is no way to compare the two. Also I like Spike Lee and some of his work but he was the wrong choice for this. Still not sure who thought this was a good idea, it's like eating a McRib when you can have Korean BBQ, which one sounds better to you. Watch the Korean version.
bad Hollywood is officially DEAD!They have run out of ideas and keep recycling the same trash over and over all the while shoving their far- left liberal politics down the throats of a fed-up public whose beginning to wake up.This sorry piece of CGI crap with a terrible script and actors who seemed like they phoned their performances in is what Hollywood calls entertainment to the masses nowadays.Don't waste your money or time on this turkey.
bad Honestly, I wish I could give this movie a zero or less. I have never written a movie review before but the level of disgust and pure ridiculousness of this B movie inspired me. I like both Josh Brolin and Samuel Jackson but I'm guessing only financial gain could have got them to star in this movie after reading a screenplay! The trailer is very intriguing and made me want to see what happens to this poor guy and his beautiful daughter. The actual movie was idiotic. First off, how does an alcoholic loser hustling lecherous salesman that is locked up in a room by himself with very limited TV for 20 years come out on day one a fierce karate expert! Did the only meal he ever receive over and over again of Chinese take out automatically turn him into Bruce Lee? How nonsensical is that? The movie continues into a sick incestual pointless mess. I have never felt so moronic for wasting so much of my time on pure deficiency!
bad Utter rubbish. Not worthy of the big screen. This did better than The Dark Knight! How? Why? How - mass advertising. How - popular soundtrack. Why - beats me!! Someone sold their soul to Satan himself to turn a profit on this piece of moldy crusty crud! Don't bother with this - rent Old Boy instead, or THE DARK KNIGHT ! This is by far the worst movie ever made. Serves it's purpose as a play/dramatization and nothing more. Movie? You're kidding! Acting performances are shoddy at best, storyline has been done over and over and over again. But still.. people flock to the cinema with the kids to see this manure! Take them to see Bee Movie or Kung Fu Panda; cracking movies and they serve their purpose well. Enough of this rant; Don't watch this, you will regret the entire thing
bad I didn't know what to expect as i had not seen the trailer and I decided to watch the film due to excellent actress Noomi Rapace. I was surprised by the flow of action and the pace of the film. If you are looking for a good action-adventure that will keep you on edge, this is the film for you. It is one of the better films that have a smart take on the counter-terrorism movie universe. Enjoy!
bad This movie is basically a mindless B-movie, yet every time it is on I have to watch it from start to finish. The performances are earnest and the stars are superhot (Tom Cruise is at his hotness peak and Elisabeth Shue is a goddess). All the major B movie topics are addressed here: love, money, betrayal, friendship, truth, lies, alcohol, sex and multiple gestation! The scenery is beautiful.Wow, how much more can I write about one of the most clichéd movies ever made? Oh yeah, if it's on, watch it. You won't be able to look away. You'll be quoting it with anyone old enough to remember this movie. Perfect Saturday afternoon movie watching fare.
bad this is one the worst movies I have ever seen about the holocaust. This movie doesn't do anything to me. If I was to doubt that the holocaust ever happened, this movie would make me a non-believer of the holocaust. To set the record straight I believe and know the holocaust happened. The movie is predictable, badly shot, has one of the worst scripts and the location looked more like a holiday camp than work camp from WWII. Thru out the whole picture there is not one moment of human emotion. In this picture mister Spielberg shows his short comings in his intellect again, after bad movies like ET, Jurrasic Park and Saving private ryan(this movie is only saved because Tom Hanks played in it). And now Iam reading he is involved in a movie about Anne Frank, I really hope he doesn't have to much influence on the script and the in the shooting of the movie
bad UNDERWHELMING, LITERAL AND PRETENTIOUS.. These 3 words pretty much summed up the whole of Inception. Why populate the dream world with the same landscape and tone as the real world? Why the dreamers and their subconscious armed with real-world accessories and firearms? Why must the travel initiated with the actor's pretend sleep? Why does the levels are differentiated with only different decor? (Except the LIMBO realm) WHERE IS THE IMAGINATION? Nolan has the perfect opportunity to execute his wildest imaginations and he messed it up and served us mediocrity. Apparently, he only has the most literal interpretation of dreams. No quirky visual manifestation (mirror-world? top-down switched?), no mystical representation of the subconscious (shadows, shades, animals etc), No difference between dream levels (tones-darker?grayer?more grotesque?), No symbolic representative of weapons ( energy? aura's? light? dark? ). AND OF COURSE, the travel method!NOLAN could've presented a more sophisticated facade. Maybe a dream room with vivid machines powered with mysterious matter. Or for mobility, more visible contraptions for head, neck or body. Then, the transition can be cued with portals, or one's self entering the target's body or....to be more fantastical; the reality bleeds or tears itself into an underworld which is the dream.INSTEAD, what we've got is inferior chase and action set pieces. Save for the gimmicks of collapsing the landscape onto itself, making pathways, the movie's rather bland. It also features too many characters - the forgers, architects, point man, sedative-man, corporate-sponsor man.......you get it. IT SHOULD be anchored by one solid protagonist that's let say have a latent talent for some form of ability (dream-walker but is named with Latin words), his target and the source of his internal conflicts (family, lover, friend).This movie fools layman into thinking that they're smart.IT is basically an inferior imitation of Michael Bay's summer blockbuster disguised as a thinking man's movie. IT'S ABOUT CORPORATE ESPIONAGE - Tell people that and it would be 100% true. CERTAINLY NOT travel between dream worlds....
bad Although this film was watchable for the first hour or so, it goes very rapidly downhill for the sorry remainder of it's duration. There are simply too many different ideas vying for the viewers attention. Intellectuals have found acres and acres of meaning, which David Fincher wanted them too, although he knows that he has simply made an extremely pretentious and boring mess. It's not all doom and gloom though - there are some very good set pieces in the first half of the film that actually entertained me for a while.
bad The deal here is expectations. Al Pacino playing a crusty cop practically being forced out of retirement by a serial killer as well as his old fellow officer with a connection to the officer's murdered wife. This could be a taught thriller. Well, forget about taut and lower the thrills. Hollywood mediocrity and bombast has spit out another wannabe "7" that goes south. The central thread of the crimes is the use of the hangman game by a daily kill. Don't ask how the perp can possibly string his murders together with intricate staging in such a compact time frame. This fact is suppose to be horrendously creepy and sinister one is to suppose? It comes off quite silly. Because the cops can't keep our attention even with Pacino the viewer gets the device of a young journalist who is signed-off to do a story about their dedicated under-appreciated jobs. Conveniently this reporter gets in just in time for The Hangman. Another layer of Hollywood that doesn't gel with a real crime story. So, the movie feels absolutely contrived and fake. Pacino is a waste as his laid back style doesn't add the element it's going for. The co-lead, Detective Ruiney as played by Karl Urban, barely registers even in comparison to Pacino's pedestrian Detective Archer. And as for the reporter Davies played by Brittany Snow it's so thrown in to the stew it comes off as pandering pure and simple. Hangman dashed all expectations for a return to some form for Pacino as it is a lame story with blah performances. Maybe because I'm stubborn I watched it to the end because I can't think of any other excuse?
bad Now this is the Russell Crowe I know and love.  The Insider, L.A. Confidential... and now chalk up another calculating masterful performance.A Beautiful Mind tells the autobiographical story of John Forbes Nash Jr. a distinguished professor from Princeton who went on to make some great theories and win the nobel prize.  The centerpiece of the story is the fact that John Nash suffers from schizophrenia a debilitating condition for most people which leaves them helpless.  Thus it is amazing that Nash has been able to achieve what he has.  For the most part of the story his hallucinations turn out to institutionalize him at one point, when he thinks the Russians are trying to secretly send him coded messages through news publications.First off the main performance by Crowe as Nash is amazing.  This is the performance that I know he is capable of, complicated, passionate and serious, none of this gutteral one line BS that he uttered in Gladiator. Here we have a marvelous performance that Crowe spins as we watch Nash fall into despair, every twitch, eyes darting, and Nash's helplessness this is not an easy task for any actor.  Nash is a recluse, almost an autistic savant, we see how he trys out his theories by writing on glass windows and stuffing himself in a corner of the library.  He is seriously gifted, but a social misfit.  Early on we hear how Nash describes how a grade school teacher mentioned that he was born with 2 heapings of brain but only 1/2 of heart.Ron Howard's direction is great in exposing Nash's life.  Probably the best scenes involve the use of how Nash comes up with his theories such as why the dynamics of a colleagues tie is so bad, or how a plan to get all of his college buddies laid leads to a theory that makes him famous.Also what else can I say about Jeniffer Connely who plays his wife in the film.  She is passionate and gives a full perfect 10 performance as well as the wife who is trying to survive with a husband she can't help.  But the greatest achievement of this film is how it portrays mental illness from the perspective of the person suffering it.Most films that deal with someone with a mental condition always place the focus on the people who are outside the person suffering, watching from a distance, trying to understand.  Here we have a film that literaly puts us in the mind of the sufferer, as to what it is to live with such a debilitating illness.  We get Nash's sense of accomplishment, but also his demons and paranoia.  And probably the most important thing is that we understand that mental illness isn't something that gets cured, the people have to live with it, and it never goes away.Also Crowe and Connely age in this film wonderfuly, so many films try to age actors/actresses in makeup and it doesn't work, but here it is done flawlessly..Minor faults in the film deal with that some of the supporting characters are reduced to props and people we don't know, and at one point the film bogs slightly when Nash is trying to return to Princeton to study.  But these points are minor since the performances of the main characters are so well done, and the stories focus is on them to begin with.Crowe will probably get the best actor for this.  Great film.Rating 8 out of 10.
bad In 2008 a movie called "The Strangers" was released, which, in my opinion, is one of the best horror movies of recent times, mainly because of its simplicity and its eerie realism. So here we are, a decade later, with the release of its sequel, titled "The Strangers: Prey At Night", directed by Johannes Roberts. Given the success of the first installment, it's fair to assume that this sequel comes with a lot of hype even after all these years. Unfortunately, not only does "Prey At Night" not live up to the hype, it comes up far short of it. Prey At Night's plot will be familiar to anyone that has seen the first movie. A family decides to go away for the weekend and stay at a trailer park where some family members live at. Soon after they arrive, they get a knock from a mysterious girl who is seemingly lost. After she leaves, the family begins noticing strange things and soon encounter three masked people trying to hunt down and kill them. Again, it's a story that will be familiar to anyone that has seen the original, but this time it's a family of four trying to survive in a trailer park seemingly in the middle of nowhere. Because it's set in the confines of a trailer park and not a house like in the original, there's a lot more room for the family to move around and escape from these masked killers. Ultimately, in this case, that ends up being a bad thing. What really made the original as eerie and intense as it was is how condensed the atmosphere was. It was two people essentially trapped in an isolated house with nothing else around them while being stalked and preyed upon by three unknown, masked people. It really added to the chill that you felt by watching it knowing that there is a bit of realism that is present in the situation. It was simple but very effective in how it delivered its scares. Here, it's different. It's a much more open and less suffocating atmosphere and as a result, you lose a lot of the tenseness and eeriness that existed in the original. What I'm trying to say here is that this movie is not very scary. It has its moments here and there, but the constant feeling of dread that was in the original is unfortunately absent here due to the structure of the environment.Another element of the original that makes it better is the performances. Liv Tyler and Scott Speedman really made you feel like they were in grave danger, which added to the overall feeling of dread. In this sequel, the acting isn't quite as good. It's still an "okay" cast made up of Christina Hendricks, Martin Henderson, Bailee Madison (probably the standout here), and Lewis Pullman, but they're just not quite up to par with Tyler and Speedman, both being pretty good actors. To be fair, however, the characters and writing didn't necessarily do this new cast any justice. Multiple times throughout the movie these people would do idiotic things that would get them into trouble. If I had a nickel for every time I wanted to facepalm, I'd probably have enough to easily cover my ticket for the movie. And don't even get me started on the last 15 minutes. Most of the things that happen in the final 15 minutes is either so idiotic that I could barely watch, or not even humanly possible. It's all just a bunch of nonsense that tries to set up a sequel, but fails miserably. The film's runtime is 85 minutes, which is pretty short for a mainstream movie these days. It ends up being a good thing though, as the movie doesn't waste much time getting straight to the action. Instead of a drawn out, overlong horror flick, it ends up being pretty well paced, which is one of the few things that it actually gets right. Overall, what we have here is a horror sequel that pales in comparison in every way to the original. It tries to be as scary and thrilling as the original, but what the original had was simplicity and realism, which created a constant feeling of dread, something that this movie fails to deliver even in its best moments. Here's hoping that it takes them 10 years to deliver another sequel.
bad Let me just start out by saying that this movie is literally two separate movies, that are merely tied together by a brief moment. The first half half was engrossing, rich in character development, and extremely well paced.Without spoiling anything, I would just like to say that I would have given the first half of this movie an 8 or 9. Unfortunately for whatever reason they decided to tell a story that was a great injustice to the quality cinema that was setup. In the end you get the same story that Cillian Murphy trudged through almost scene for scene recently. If you are a fan of the pervious movie, and want another take on the situation, I do recommend at least watching this film for the first half. Otherwise it has been done before, and much better in all aspects.
bad If you came to see this movie because of the trailer or because of curiosity of what a world would be like if you were 5 inches instead of 6 feet, then you paid for about 45 minutes. The other hour and a half is a completely different movie that has minimal to do with downsizing and is not what the trailer suggests.
bad I have to confess not knowing too much about 'Mom and Dad' when I went to see it. I've always been a big fan of Nicholas Cage (even despite his recent run of terrible straight-to-DVD films) so I was delighted to see his (to my knowledge) first film to be actually released in the cinema for many years (was 'Kick A$$' the last?). He and Selma Blair play a pair of suburban parents to your typical rebellious teenage girl and young son. To begin with, the film seems to be quite a quirky social satire (even comedic at times), however in a moment the tone suddenly goes much darker when a set of creepy events takes place. Then, from 'mildly unsettling' it changes again to all out murderous panic when every parent in the world (I'm guessing) decides to murder their own children in as grisly manner possible.And, if you're now asking 'Why would they do that?' then you'd be in the same boat as me. Hopefully I won't be spoiling the movie too much if I say now that the film asks a lot of questions and then delivers very little in the way of actual answers (this severely links into my feelings towards the ending, but, as I say, I won't spoil it for you).What follows is basically the two children doing their best to survive their parents' attacks (just their parents I'll clarify - parents only want to kill their own children and no one else - please don't ask why - it's just how it is!). This led me to my first personal complaint is that there's a distinct lack of Nicholas Cage in the first third, as the film concentrates on the youngsters more than their parents.However, when Cage is finally given the freedom to do what he does best (go crazy and totally overact) he doesn't disappoint. However, as much as I'd like to see this as a 'vehicle' to get him back into mainstream cinema, it probably won't be. For a start it won't be seen by that many people due so some truly horrific moments. I'm a die-hard horror fan and, on the one hand I grumble about the lack of 'real scares' in horror films these days, seeing some of the boundaries this film tries to push (when it effectively comes to infanticide) it left me feeling more than a little uneasy.It's not just the content that doesn't sit well, the random shifts in character for almost everyone feels a little odd at times. Throughout the film, one character shows no aptitude for a specific skill she suddenly acquires just to move the plot forward, leaving the film feeling like 'Home Alone' for a moment. Then, whenever the film starts to truly pick up pace, the film-maker tries to make up for a lack of character motivation by throwing in - seemingly random - flashbacks which merely extend the runtime and slow everything down by being a bit pointless.The soundtrack may be good and Cage is enjoyable to watch, sadly the film is a hard one to sit through. As I mentioned, it's very nasty in places (especially if you're a parent) and its constant shifts in tone leave it a bit of a jarring mess. This is particularly disappointing because I have this weird feeling that there's a good film in their somewhere and with a few more re-writes in pre-production could have made it into a decent little horror flick.
bad The only sensible reason to watch this pathetic disaster is for the students of cinema, cinematography and everything related, and analysts (professional and amateurs) as a study. It is not first neither last time Hollywood butchered great script and created mockery of art. "Abre los ojos" and "Vanilla sky", "Solaris" (though if you never seen the Tarkowsky's original it may appear as not so bad) now the Campanella masterpiece. I can see his name in the credits, wow, is his financial situation so bad ? Was Juan Jose really part of this remake ? If so than this is sad indeed. There is no tension, no suspense and sorry to say it made me realise even more how outstanding was Soledad Villamil and Ricardo Darin. Shame that the non Spanish speaking world may never enjoy their outstanding films. Darin is probably one of the greatest actors of our times. What they created in the original film was amazing. "El secreto de sus ojos" was a revelation to me, watched it several times and after that all the films of Juan Jose Campanella and of Ricardo Darin, that film opened to me the fascinating world of Argentinian cinema. This thing, reminds me of old recipe from the pop music world "simplify then exaggerate". Another Hollywood fail
bad Well, it's over. For some it's sad. No more shirtless Taylor Lautner (he strips all the way down to his skivvies in this one). No more cheesy- looking CGI that laughably tries to convince us that these vampires are kin to The Flash. No more horrid acting. No more horrid writing. Yes, gone forever is the cheap-shot money-maker that is "The Twilight Saga" soap opera. In the latest episode, which amounts to nothing more than an unenthusiastic excuse to showcase every person who was ever in these films and convince us that the "saga" was something bigger than it was (it's not), we wave goodbye to all of these things one last time. Sometimes, what looks great in your head as you read it in a book just doesn't work as well on the silver screen. This is a prime example. But sadly, no one really cares. This meritless movie franchise made money off of a brand, and that's all. What a waste of a pop-culture phenomenon. Oh well, I hear they're already rebooting it.-Thomas Bond
bad My what a surprise this was from the adult cast to even the young cast bringing the laughs through out the duration of the film. i was lucky enough to catch an early screening and so far this is the funniest film of 2018 i've seen so far. Never thought John Cena could be so funny but wow. definitely worth a watch
bad Ladies and gentlemen, imagine if you will the concept of cinematic schizophrenia. It's okay if you don't quite grasp the idea behind this concept because I just then made it up especially for this review. However, should a movie ever adopt the illness that is cinematic schizophrenia, it will undoubtedly in some way or another resemble the bewildering mess that is House Bunny. Here is a film that is one thing, then another, and then another and so on. It's a feature that gives the audiences some genuine laughs, and yet tacks on drama so soppy and melodramatic that it's hard to take anything in the vicinity of its presence with any degree of sincerity. There's also some brilliant performances, and yet the thespians involved are neglected to play out shady, two dimensional cut outs for characters; going through act one, two and three with a different wardrobe, and a whole new personality to match. What hurts the movie most however isn't this mix of successful elements with mundane ones, but the collision that occurs when they try to blend; House Bunny is a confusing, disjointed affair that entertains sporadically and yet has around the same amount of potential to irritate and bore. In the end, much like a "bunny" in reality, this isn't going to give the brain cells much company and whatever fun is had will be quickly forgotten in no time; shallow, trite and ridiculously unfocused, House Bunny should be fine enough for teenage girls looking for some brain dead amusement, but for anyone else, this is material best left alone.Following the story of ugly neglected orphan turned Playboy centrefold wannabe turned homeless bimbo, House Bunny opts to tell the classic tale of 'be yourself and always appreciate those closest to you'. The problem with this isn't just that the movie fails to change any of the formula associated with this cliché concoction but that it instead contorts elements beyond recognition which in turn distorts any sense of conviction within the script. Furthermore, with three distinct acts that draw their borders just about as obviously as their characters go through personality changes, the film adopts a jolted structure that plays out all too obviously and predictably. Throughout the tale we see characters go from one thing to another and then meeting somewhere in the middle by the end; it's nothing that hasn't been done before, so many times. Yet where House Bunny gets most irksome is in the extent that characters shift focus, resulting in tired clichés that fail to create any resonance with the audience beyond grabbing a few stilted laughs. As a direct result, it is the feature's first act that plays off the most successfully, meshing likable characters with not so likable ones in a manner that seems almost satirical in its charm. Unfortunately, this sense of consistency and intrigue soon dispels once the movie sets up its driving force for the central theme, resulting in ideas rather than characters interacting with each other; this isn't engaging drama by any means, no matter how hard it tries. Sure enough there's somewhat of a decent message to be taken back, but it's too far behind all this confused jumble of caricature nonsense to be taken seriously.To say that the feature is without its merits however would be a small misjudgement. House Bunny certainly isn't anything worth looking into, but should you be subjected to watching it, there are a few hidden gems in amongst all the dirt. Most of these highlights, as stated earlier, lie in the performances of the main cast, and while most are given nothing but lame characterisation to work with, most get the job done and pull some decent laughs out of their limited bag of tricks. Anna Faris who by now is more than comfortable in these kinds of slapstick roles, is particularly convincing in her position here, making the most of her ditzy persona and fleshing her out to be just a little more engaging than she should otherwise be. Emma Stone in what is only her third feature also gives a memorable performance in her own right, outdoing her lukewarm outing in lacklustre The Rocker by quite some distance. It goes without saying that her character suffers the most from this schizophrenia I referred to earlier, and Stone certainly entertains more as Act One Nerd, but consistency aside, she adds an air of vibrant ambiance that counters Faris' more eccentric glow.Aside from those elements however, plus the undeniable fact that most will find something to laugh at here, then House Bunny falls flat. It's a tepid effort for sure, eager to please its target audience of teenage girls with little aspiration to reach anyone else, and for that the feature can get more than tiresome in between the more amusing and engaging parts. Certainly not a movie to be taken seriously by any means, director Fred Wolf never quite seems to grasp the script's notably tongue-in-cheek nature, and instead delivers a black and white rendition of the now sloppily vague "believe in yourself and you will be happy" story. The drama is pointless, the characters ridiculously incoherent, and the themes are underdeveloped to the point where all hope is lost underneath rubble of mismatched ideas and talents. I'm sure some audiences will get a kick out of it, but I wasn't one of them. I laughed a few times, and I very rarely got bored, but that's not saying much. This is for teenage girls in search for silly, ditzy fun with no brains and no heart either; anyone else should look elsewhere.A review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
bad There are just too many ideas that were not properly explained or developed, and occurrences that don't make sense. My feeling is that the Coens and other writers/directors/producers/assistants just didn't care.Spoilers occur hereafter.Why was Chigurh arrested at the beginning?The mechanics of the drug deal are not explained. Are we to assume one side decided to rip off the other or was a third party involved? In the former case, why does there seem to be evidence that the shooters came back (further damage to the pickup)? If the latter, why didn't they take the money?Why ON EARTH did Moss go back with the water bottle? It was totally out of character. If he had not done so, the whole story would have been different. (The existence of the transmitter would still allow it to work, provided Moss was really stupid, and there's a lot of evidence for that.) From this point on, I had totally lost my belief in the movie. It seemed likely that other occurrences would also be dictated by plot needs, not by common sense.How did Chigurh and co find out about the botched deal? The obvious answer is that they were in the pay of the unnamed crooked businessman and that the whole deal was a setup from beginning to end. But in that case we are back to a scenario where they would have been on hand to take the money before Moss showed up (whether the shootout involved a third party or not).Okay, the transmitter. What kind of moron would keep the money in the bag it came in? Surely you would realize that people would be looking for it, and a different-looking piece of luggage would be a good idea. And you would find the transmitter when you unpacked the money.So where was Moss going? Why did he run off? Why this hopping in and out of motels? And why leave his wife looking like a target? He and his wife should have left the country. And not to Mexico.It wasn't that easy to get back and forth across the border to Mexico, even in 1980. (Of course, if it wasn't so easy, the plot wouldn't have worked.)Coin tossing: this might have made sense if there were ANY other evidence that Chigurh's character had principles (no matter how insane), other than Wells' (Harrelson's character) one-liner. (And what was that character doing in the movie anyway? Pointless unless you give him more time.)This is about 10% of the flaws.All in all, a shoddy piece of film-making so that we can see lots of gore. Coupled with excellent directing and cinematography, so that the gullible will not notice the lack of substance.
bad Alexander Payne is one of THE most talented & engrossing storytellers of our times. Having delivered back-to-back films that offer heart, soul & humor, its only sensible to expect the best out of him. 'Downsizing', his most expensive film to date, with A-Lister Matt Damon in the lead role, surprisingly enough, belies all the expectations.The problem with 'Downsizing' is its Screenplay, Written by Payne & Jim Taylor. It has big ideas, despite being a story about going small, but ends up saying nothing, while trying to be everything. Let's get into that in a bit..'Downsizing' tells the story of a couple (Matt Damon & Kristen Wiig) who undertake a procedure to shrink their bodies so they can start a new life in an experimental community. When the wife refuses the procedure at the last minute, the husband has to reassess his life and choices.'Downsizing' begins as a film about a middle-class Omaha couple deciding to shrink themselves for a better life in dreamy land called Leisure Town, where shrinking yourself make your troubles & size, smaller. Now that's interesting! And 'Downsizing' works wonders until it works on the premise it promises to be. BUT, 'Downsizing' only flirts with the idea of going small, it instead, becomes a tonally jarring film, whose narrative is as broken as america's current political scenario. Right after Damon's passive protagonist hero shrinks himself, the film shifts gear into another rhythm that is surprisingly ineffective. So when Hong Chau (sensational & the best thing about this film) shows up as another tiny one, you are assured that 'Downsizing' isn't headed the way it started off. And just when Chau becomes the character you begin rooting for, the narrative suddenly turns into something catastrophic. By the time the 3rd plot kicked in, I had given up!Payne hasn't made a bad film, he has clearly made a confused film. Or is this 3 films into one film while being 3 in 1? Its this simple: It was about shrinking yourself for your own good. And it remains that for 45-minutes. But the rest of the 90-minutes, are nothing of what it was meant to be. The other track involving Chau's scene-stealing performance, is interesting for a bit, but it doesn't last beyond 25-minutes. And the last track involving a catastrophe, is devoid of any emotion. By the time 'Downsizing' ends, you'll be confused what too feel for it. And what was it trying to say? Shame, because Payne is a master at his craft.Barring Chau, No other performer really stands out. Damon is barely at his best, while Waltz at least has come fun. The rest are strictly okay.On the whole, 'Downsizing' aims big but falls pretty short. Ouch.
bad I am not a big Alien fan, but I had a go watching this. I think it started out well, but I lost intrest and started looking at my phone during the movie( this is something I rarily do. I am easy absorbed into a movie). The turning point for me was when they had landed on the planet and two in theri crew started geting sick. I feel that almost every character in this movie are making stupid decisions and geting themself killed. This include:-Lets walk around on this new planet which we dont know anything about very uncarefully and smell at strange plants.-Lets trust this strange robot we found on this planet. Especially when we know he is hidding something and follow him into his basement and look at his large eggs. Also not get suspicus when he cuts his hair so he looks exactly as our own robot.-Splitt up at the temple when we know that a monster can be out to kill us.-When we get back to the ship, not quarantine every person that was on that planet and scan them, even though we know that some persons got a alien bursting out of their stomach.
bad If you remember 7th Heaven, you probably noticed how the Camdens always suffered the same maladies at the same time. Mom's addicted to coffee, dad is taking too many Advil, son is smoking pot, other son is taking no-doz ... etc. You felt like you were getting hit over the head with the message every week, but at least it was a different message each week. Secret Life runs over you with a steamroller. Then, they back up over you and do it again, and again, and again, and OH Dear yet again. Aside from the flat, stereotypical, unlikable characters (yes, they even made a kid with Downs Syndrome a sex-obsessed total jerk too), they drone on and on about the only thing that is on any of their narrow minds. For fun, I counted the number of times they use the word "sex". It was 17 times just in the scenes from previous shows. For the show itself, the total was around 40 - including references to oral and anal sex as well as a mother recommending masturbation to her daughter. Of course, one must suspend disbelief while watching a fictional program, but how much can you hold back the urge to scream BULLS**T when a teenage boy tells his girlfriend that he wants to "have sex" for the fourteenth time in one episode. No teenage boy EVER got what he wanted by whining "I wanna have sex", yet this clown is climbing off of her in the very next scene. People DO NOT live this way. Although my daughter will not miss this show, I can see how one with no life experience might overlook the bizarre departure from reality. What I can't understand is why she devotes an hour of each week to something so bereft of entertainment value.
bad An unfortunate movie which is definitely more like Harold Pinter's earlier plays than anything Margaret Atwood ever produced.  No attempt is made to bring out Atwood's clever social message, and we're all supposed to be shocked at the sexual content.  A shame, because Atwood's version might have made a good film.
bad As an active member of BDSM community, and having been a part of it for six years, I am appalled by the 'blockbluster romantic movie' that everyone deems to be 'romantic'. You take a Mary Sue - also known as Dakota Johnson to whom lacks the ability to a) bite her lower lip in a 'sexual' manner', let alone say her lines as if she's been acting for several years ( lets be honest here, she cannot act ) / Gary Sue - seen as the bearded wonder that was Jamie Dornan, a married man outside of his acting career with a child - situation that holds no evidence of sexual tension. The inability to further deepen the bond between Dominate and submissive was, how does one say it, horrible in effort. What appeared to be every 'womans' dream man became a man known for raping a woman purely because of his night terrors, a man to whom devoted taking the idea of BDSM and creating abuse rather than listening and allowing for someone - mind you, who had no sexual ID or preference until meeting him - who was about as 'vanilla' as the ice cream itself, to study and look at the idea of BDSM. To those whom have taken the books route and ventured into the dark abyss that is Wikipedia to figure out what BDSM is, needs to be caned. The author, herself, takes an already published series turned movie, and makes it into her own idea. A 26 year old billionaire? Unlikely in this day and age with the way the economy is. A college student with a rather unnerving need to say 'oh my' every other second? Really? Is THIS what writing as the point of view of a woman has come down to? It seems like, although we argue against it, and we say that we don't condone it, that the women whom have read this book, have seen this movie, will and have ignored that there is rape, non consensual sex, and heavy amounts of verbal and emotional abuse. Who really wants a man who is going to control their eating habits, sleep schedule and more? Certainly not I. To be frank, everyone knows this movie is going to gross millions upon its release; why? Because everyone is all hyped up to see a movie with little to no chemistry, to find that the 'unusual behavior' is just another way of life. We magnify all the little things in the world that we've yet to uncover, but BDSM should never be something in the movies, should never be written; especially by women in their 'mid life crisis' age with no idea what the sensation of a crop lashing at skin feels like.If you want good BDSM, or to understand it, there are people willing to discuss it, websites you can go on - although extremely sexual in nature - to figure out what true BDSM looks like, what it sounds like. When this book was written, it was evident that EL James did not do her own 'research'.All in all, it's a movie with no plot, with no true build to it with horribly written characters and nothing more. So why spend nearly good money seeing this sad mistake when you can spend that money on getting something to eat and staying inside? Complete and total thumbs down to the movie, the book, the series, and to the author.
bad I have read the books, and the first thing I noticed was that the story wasn't about a plot line at all. It's about the characters and what's going on with them. Stephenie Meyer focuses on interaction, not on dialog, plot, or setting, which is fine. But it makes for a bad movie.Surprisingly, Twilight wasn't that bad of a film. I expected it to be much worse. As I said, there's very little plot or dialog in the book, so it's hard to make a convincing film. They had to over act looks to try and communicate without many words. I could probably count on one hand the lines in the movie.Other than the over acting, it wasn't bad. There were some very good moments and some very "eh" moments. But overall I would recommend it to Twilight fans. I probably won't ever want to see it again, but it's okay at midnight with some school friends who like it or something.
bad The entire movie was messy and exhausting - scenes that should be 10 seconds long, instead took 10minutes. The movie itself makes no sense- it's very poorly written. The dialogues was dry and cringy. The magic tricks felt pointless(unnecessary) and no wow factors.They built up for a plot but it was absolutely terrible...They had many great actors and therefor this movie will probably make it's money back but the movie itself was horrendously bad (I don't understand how it can have score of 7 so far)Lizzy Caplan acting was horrible or they just wanted her role to look like trash...1/10.
bad BECAUSE PEOPLE WOULD TEAR THIS APART! I went to see this yesterday for some Christmas cheer and I got this piece of crap excuse for a holiday movie. This film was written by the two men behind The Hangover series. It revolves around Mila Kunis, Kristen Bell, and Kathryn Hahn and the arrival of their mothers Susan Sarandon, Cheryl Hines and Christine Baranski. ALL ACTRESS WHOM I ADORE! But the script was just stupid stupid stupid. NOT funny and the characters downright unlikable. I absolutely love the actress Kathryn Hahn but having her and her mom (Susan Sarandon) out in front of a store with a basket that says "Canned goods donations" where they proceed to aggressively STEAL GROCERIES from the bags of people who exit the store, open a bottle of wine and drink it in the parking lot makes them not only UNLIKEABLE but not funny and pathetic. Why in the HELL would I root for these characters? And when Mila Kunis' character tears down the X-mas tree her mother put up with "ornaments from the Titanic" and destroys everything her mother did? The only thing I was thinking was "Wow what an A**hole". HATED THIS MOVIE and I'm sure the actresses who probably just needed a paycheck did too.3 stars for the cast and the pretty set decorations.
bad This is *not at all* the movie they're advertising.I expected a hilarious, raunchy romp. What I got started off gross, although not very funny, but then it slowed down. Before long it became tedious, with some touching scenes with the father, which carried it along for a while.By the 1-hour mark I was willing to stay but waiting for it to end. Then it really started to drag. It's like somebody said, "Let's make a really, really bad imitation Woody Allen movie without the comedy or the genius."When I finally just couldn't stand another minute I got up and got out. I knew it must be near the end, but it didn't matter. I did not care what happened to the two protagonists *in the least.* UGH! LEMME OUTTA HERE!***SPOILER*** I don't actually have a spoiler, my whole review is a spoiler. The movie makers seemed to get desperate after the 1/2-way point. They threw in random scenes, apparently trying to spice it up, but oh, my, are they dumb.Lebron James is a big surprise. He is good, and funny, and fresh. Tilda Swinton's prodigious talents are curiously wasted. Marv Albert, Chris Evert and Matthew Broderick must cringe at the very thought of what they had to put on the screen to get their paychecks.Trainwreck is a very surprising huge disappointment.
bad I watched the Pilot episode of this series and I found it to be an insult to the viewers and to the African American community. This show should be canceled based on the first 10 minutes of the show. The S.W.A.T. team responded to a situation with two regular police officers being shot at. They end up running through the streets and peoples back yards firing automatic weapons and surprise, surprise a young African American boy is wounded. WOW!. The team member that shot him happens to be a white man. WOW!. The next day the white man is fired and a Black team member is promoted to head the squad. It just so happens that he is promoted over the White team member that was next in line for promotion. WOW! To replace the fired team member they bring in a new guy from I think it was Long Beach. The day he shows up for work, he comes in on a motorcycle at top speed. He actually runs a red light with a motorcycle wheelie. Remember that this is the replacement S.W.A.T team member. Police officers give chase to him because he has broken every driving law on the planet and he pulls up in front of police headquarters, jumps off the bike and yells to the officers to leave a ticket on his bike;, he is late for work. The show should be canceled just for that scene. The show gets much worse from that point. The script gets so bad it is hard to listen to. I suggest that no one watch this in hopes that CBS will cancel it quickly.
bad This movie was very painful to watch. How the hell did this get made? Seriously, did someone get fired for this? Anyone associated with this movie should never work in Hollywood ever again...ever. Sometimes movies take a while to get moving, sometimes it's a bad start but gets better. This was terrible from the beginning to end. One of the worst movies I had ever seen.
bad I am really really disappointed to be honest. I was waiting for this movie for so long, I loved Suicide Squad in Assault on Arkham and I was so happy when the news arrived about the live action movie. And as a massive Jared Leto fan I was extremely happy they chose him for the role of my all time favorite character, Joker. So I was hyped to see him, but the whole gang too. And what I got from the movie was equal with pure sadness. I mean, Jared was in it for a total 10 minutes and his role could have been easily left out, I only knew the characters because I read the comics and watched the wonderful animation (which by the way a 100 times better), the story telling was HORRIBLE, the actors could have been wonderful but they kinda lost in the terrible script. Will Smith, Margot Robbie and Viola Davis were fantastic but we didn't really get to know them... and the other characters were only there for... who know why? WHY DC, WHY? This story had so much promise and you ruined it... You should have adopted the Assault on Arkham into a live action movie... All these characters would needed a stand alone movie, and once we've got to know them then put them together... sure it would take years to build up a universe like that, but come on, that's what Marvel did and their movies are amazing! I am so, so sad right now... All of the actors deserve way better than this and they all have great potential
bad This is the filmic equivalent of being stuck in a room with someone who thinks they have the most emotionally upsetting life imaginable and is doing everything in their power to persuade you they are truly tortured and pitiable. By the end of both experiences you just want to go home and feel utterly relieved you aren't so arrogant. Or you wish you were able to erase your own memory. (Sorry, a cheap film tie-in metaphor already.)The film itself, like Being John Malkovich and Adaptation suffers from a hole in the centre. Charlie Kauffman seems to think it is clever to take a totally unlikely scenario and then develop it into a "quirky" film that is supposed to make little sense. In each instance he fails to grasp that you can't just take a scenario so utterly implausible as to defy any audience to relate or respond to it. Eternal Sunshine is a slightly easier premise to connect with than Being John Malkovich, after all who hasn't wondered what it would be like to erase painful relationships. However Kauffman sems to mistake nonsense for emotional and intellectual depth.Someone told me that you have to watch Eternal Sunshine more than once to 'get it' and I promise that this isn't true. There is nothing you get the second time that you won't have got the first time. It is a fairly straight forward film. The only problem you might have is if you are colour blind and can't work out the time scale of the film from Kate Winslett's hair because you cannot tell that it is changing colour. The director might as well have put subtitles across the bottom of the screen saying "Two years ago" "Present day" because Gondry's visual 'clues' were about as subtle or 'clue-like' as subtitles.Performance wise, Kate Winslett was her usual self, and Jim Carrey was in Truman show mode. Carrey offers ocassional glimpses of acting talent before they are devoured by his all consuming gurning. Tom Wilkinson and Kirsten Dunst offer more respectable performances, however I felt cheated that their entire sub plot was clearly lying on the editing room floor, it felt rushed and unconvincing. Which is a shame because the rest of the film felt over long and over laboured and perhaps a better balance might have saved my cinema ticket which I spent the whole film folding into a variety of shapes.I made a square (Not too difficult) a triangle. I tried to make a swan but it ended up looking like some sort of half eaten fish. After that I was running out of ideas and so i tore it into equal pieces. Then unequal ones. Bored yet? I was. The second time I saw it was even worse. Fortunately I had just seen 3-4x Jugatsu and so had something to concentrate on. Namely trying to understand a film which actually had some sort of emotional depth, some sort of conflicting plot and some semblance of lead performances.I wish people wouldn't think that any film which doesn't have a discernable Beginning - middle - end structure automatically qualifies as intelligent or engaging. And that just because Jim Carrey isn't smacking himself in the face or making chimp noises he is acting. He isn't. He is just biding his time until he can start hitting himself in the face again.
bad This is one of the worst films I have ever seen. Only Steven Speilberg could take an astonishing story of courage and determination in the face of hideous oppression and turn it into a poorly made schmaltz-fest like this. Chief in a series of tacky, amateurish filming techniques is the legendary "girl in red coat". Having decided on black and white in an attempt to show that he can be serious about something, the paucity of Spielberg's imagination is clear in that he can think of no other way to make the girl stand out and be recognised - he seems to think that his audience is incapable of recognising, say, a face, and has to hammer home the identity of the girl by presenting her in an entirely different way from everybody else in the film. The monumental cheesiness of the closing scenes with the people saved by Schindler goes way beyond the point of tackiness - just more evidence of Spielberg's extraordinarily sentimental side sabotaging what should have been a meaningful film. On the plus side, most of the acting is superb, but on the whole the film sensationalises the violence and oppression which it should have set out to attack. Oskar Schindler was such an extraordinary man that his remarkable story, which everybody should know, deserved far, far better than this.
bad Comic book adaptations are quickly becoming one of the most popular movie genres of the modern era. With high speed action, a good story and some great acting, who could blame it. however there is one film that is constantly battered by fans and movie goers alike.Yes, this is my review of Green Lantern.(Note; I do not believe in Millions of years, so i'm just going to leave it out of this review. I ignore usually these kind of references)The plot goes like this;Somewhere in the universe, a mighty force of nature called Parallax, who feeds on the fear of the universe, escapes custody by a green lantern warrior known as Abin Sur. Parallax fatally wounds Abin but he narrowly escapes instant death in an escape pod. He contacts the rest of the green lanterns and tells them who he encountered and that he will die. His pod lands on earth and at the brink of death he is met by a man who was brought there by his power ring. He passes on the ring to the man, Hal Jordan, and tells him to speak the oath. He does, and becomes one of the green lanterns. It eventually falls on him to save the universe from Parallax and defeat him once and for all.While this movie doesn't live up to the standards of "Captain America- The First Avenger" or the Nolan Batman Trilogy, this film is still quite enjoyable.I'll admit, the acting wasn't that great. There was no real character that stood out for me as being well acted but it was still watchable. As for the characters themselves, they were quite interesting. Although the human characters were interesting to an extent, It's the green lanterns that stole the show. Their is one scene were all the green lanterns are having a conference of some sort. There are so many green lanterns that sometimes all you see is green. Each one looks different and unique; I actually pause at this part to see what other strange beings i missed inn the first viewing. Props to the designers for creating some brilliant looking creatures.The story isn't to special, but it is interesting. It's nothing more than the normal super-hero origin story, with a couple of unorthodox plot lines. The movie's ending tells you that there is another movie coming. I won't spoil, But green Lantern fans will like it, If they didn't like the movie itself. The villain, I thought, is what brings the film down a notch. Halfway through the film a scientist gets infected by the power source of Parallax, corrupting him into a monstrous creature that can control objects with his eyes. I wasn't too fond of the guy. His motives for his actions were uninteresting making some of the "intence" scenes a little tedious, but this is a minor fault.Parallax is more impressive. There are some scenes were he is tearing through the city eating everything in his path. However, like the other guy (Who's name escapes me), Parallax lacks motive for what he does other than the fact he needs fear to become more powerful.One of the most interesting things about the green lanterns is the power to make thought reality. For example, you can think of a massive artillery gun and it would appear right beside you. This is an interesting concept and is far more diverse to other superheros. Although there are plenty of scenes of this power, I thought it was under used; Sometimes all they did was fire balls of green energy at their enemies which I thought was a waste. Don't let that put you off though. There are some impressive action scenes to sink your teeth into. The battle at the end with Parallax is definitely worth seeing. It didn't have as much action as i thought it would have or would have liked but it still was satisfying.All in all, a great summer action flick. Not everyone's cup of tea but if you just like watching movies and are willing to bypass mistakes, this is the film for you. With over use of CGI ad badly created villains, it wasn't the best way to start a franchise but it is still enjoyable none the less.
bad This film tells the story of a group of magicians who are going to reveal the secrets of a corporation. However, they get outsmarted and blackmailed. They have to try get an upper hand in a seemingly difficult situation. I enjoyed the first "Now You See Me" because I was wowed by the mystery and suspense it had. This installment, however, does not provide me with the same experience. This time round, the film spends a lot of time introducing the new characters and to set the picture. Then, there is a constant stream of trickery, which are unrealistic and unlikely. The plot becomes so far fetched and random, events happening so conveniently that it loses believability, which is the key that made the first film great. There are some scenes in here that's good, but most of the time I am left to wonder when the film is going to end. Unfortunately, I can't see the wire factor in "Now You See Me 2".
bad Don't believe the hype on this movie. This is an example of extremely lazy script writing. I'm kind of shocked that so many people are saying this movie was great. I saw Chris Pratt on Instagram raving about this movie and urging his followers to go see it. As I sat in the theater, I was so distracted by the constant glaring plot holes that I found the movie extremely frustrating and boring. If you are paying attention to the movie as you watch it, you will find it impossible to take serious. SPOILERS AHEAD! The monsters key on sound, right? But we learn about halfway through the movie that there is a nearby waterfall, the sound of which is sufficient to mask the sounds that the monsters would normally key on. Uh, so, why not just move the family right next to the waterfall (where is also where they fish for food) and just camp out there? Pretty stupid. OK, next, the dad has the farm rigged with tons of lights. Just, lights strung up all over the fields. Where does he get the electricity for all those lights? Not to mention his little technology lab down in the basement. No generator? Is there a generator? If there is, how does he keep it fueled and how does he keep it from making noise? The monsters can be easily fooled with a kitchen timer, right? So, seems to me that it would be pretty easy to set traps for these things. Or, at the very least, how about rigging up noise makers? You know, you could power them with the apparently endless electricity they have? I could go on and on, but lets talk about the nail scene. I found this particularly frustrating. The nail is nailed DOWN in to the step, but the HEAD of the nail gets caught on Emily Blunt's laundry bag, and gets pulled up. The makes sense. But then, suddenly, the SHARP end of the nail is pointing UP. That makes no sense. Nails are not pounded UP in to the steps. The head of the nail would be up, which would probably hurt if you stepped on it in your bare feet, but it would penetrate. That nail scenario made absolutely no sense whatsoever. These and many other glaring plot holes made this movie impossible to enjoy. Perhaps the biggest problem of course is the very essence of the title: they are in a world where it is essential to make no noise, so, despite having two healthy children to look after, they decide to have a baby. Pretty much the only things babies do is poop and make noise. So their plan is to put it in a sound proof box? For how long? The next 4 years of it's miserable life? That's their plan???This movie was just stupid. I hated it. It is nothing but bad, lazy writing with setups and scenarios that do not make sense and do not make sense. Save yourself from this movie. Don't believe the hype. Don't bother. Read my review and know that this movie sucks.
bad Great, acting by Anna Ferris and also it's funny really funny. Almost every part made me laugh, I wish the rest of the sequels can do that. Parody or spoof of I know what you did last summer and scream 1 and 2. I mean this movie does not deserve a mixed review or 6.2 based on franchise meaning it deserves a 7.6 or a very positive review. In this movie has very famous actors and actresses. Shawn Wayans, Marlon Wayans, Nia Long, Anna Ferris, and Carmen Electra. With also the deceased Prince playing a small role in the movie. Of course the movie has references to the deaths and in the ending every one is revived no one is dead really. A scene I really adored was the scene of Buffy setting murdered. It basically shows the clichés in horror films today. It really makes a great debut for a film.
bad Since the Saw franchise is one of my biggest guilty pleasures when it comes to horror, I've been hoping for a new installment ever since The Final Chapter was supposed to end the franchise back in 2010. Even though the movies got progressively worse, there is something about this franchise that always draws me back and makes me want to re-watch it.I had high expectations for Jigsaw because of two reasons: one, the producers stated in an interview that they were offered more than a hundred scripts for a new movie from different writers, but had never been pleased with any of them until they discovered a script so good, which ultimately got picked to be adapted; second, the Spierig brothers, Jigsaw's directors, had previously directed Predestination, such a smart and enticing sci-fi time- travel movie that I liked quite a lot.After seeing Jigsaw, I left the theater disappointed. I'll start with what I enjoyed:The score by Charlie Clouser is just as fabulous as it has always been and manages to go in line perfectly with each scene.The performances didn't bother me at all, although none of the actors really gets to shine. Laura Vandervoort and Paul Braunstein stood out here, with the latter generating some funny moments worthy of admiration.The direction was very polished and the movie was competently filmed, but the Spierig brothers weren't given much to show their creativity on. This leads me to the negatives.The CGI is very good. There is, however, one scene in which I was feeling as if I was watching one of the most recent Resident Evil movies and that didn't really work for me.What I didn't like:The ideas in this movie and its overall plot are somewhat underdeveloped. I know that this is supposed to be a new "beginning" for these movies, but as a franchise starter, I wanted more to be explored. The plot falls flat because the movie cuts from scene to scene so swiftly and tries to cram multiple narratives into 85 minutes, that ultimately none of them makes an impact.Saw is known for its visceral traps and torture devices, so I was looking forward to seeing more of that. However, the game presented in this movie has next to no memorable traps. That is because they are a lot tamer than what we've seen before and they simply can't hold a candle to all the ingenious traps from the past movies.The character development is another issue in this movie. The characters are so uni-dimensional, with some of them being there only to fill the screen. And I'm referring to some of the main casting here. Also, character arcs are left unfinished and the movie felt like it ended when the most important part of the story was about to happen.The editing undermines what could've been some very suspenseful scenes because of its sloppiness, by cutting from one narrative (the game) to the other (the investigation) at random moments.Now, it all comes down to the twist. Was it good and unexpected? Well, no, not really. It's not necessarily because you can predict it from miles away (for which the movie offers hints throughout the run-time) due to its small set of characters, but because it had no resonance for me. It didn't blow me away and you could've predicted it from the marketing of the movie alone. Just like with the traps, it just doesn't have the same visceral feel as the past movies and it doesn't really make you crave for the release of the next chapter.Overall, Jigsaw sets itself apart from the previous movies in the series with the help of the two directors who manage to make the movie look stylish and slick, but ultimately, it doesn't succeed in creating the sense of urgency that some of the old movies had and, sadly, disappoints on almost every other level. And yes, there are fan-service moments, but as a fan of this franchise, I felt very little excitement when they happened.Hopefully, if the movie does well in terms of box office, the sequel will improve upon this franchise "reinvention".
bad I imagine it was the lengthy running time that kept me for so many years from seeing The Great Escape, although that doesn't explain why I haven't seen hordes of other movies. But I've been going back and watching all the old classics and The Great Escape is one of the best ones I've seen so far. The movie is not only wildly entertaining throughout it's nearly three hour duration, but shows some actors who went on to become famous for other roles in decades and generations to come. Granted, I am speaking from the perspective of a different generation of moviegoers, which is why I know Charles Bronson more from Death Wish than this film, or James Coburn from films like Payback and Affliction, Donald Pleasance as Dr. Sam Loomis and Richard Attenborough as John Hammond from the Jurassic Park films.I think the thing I loved the most about the movie was how open everyone was about their plans to escape. Not that they tried to escape out in the open, but they made no effort to hide the fact that they were analyzing their surroundings, trying to find a way to get out. As we soon learn, it is their sworn duty as captured officers to consistently try to escape and, failing that, to make life as confusing and frustrating as humanly possible for their captors. The story involves a lot of British officers being held captive by the Germans, at a prison where all of the most consistent escapers have been compiled for special supervision. When the prisoners arrive at the beginning of the movie, many of them, including Virgil Hilts (Steve McQueen) walk into the gates and then immediately walk to the fences around the outsides of the compound, looking up and down the length of the fences, studying where the guard towers are, looking in broad daylight for ways to escape.What follows is a brilliant competition between the proud British officers being held captive and the Germans guarding them, as the British make every attempt to escape and receive minimal punishment when they're caught. 20 days in the cooler for a failed escape attempt (doubled from only 10 for mouthing off) is pretty light compared to what I would have expected POWs to have suffered at the hands of the Nazis in World War II.Because the escapes are only hidden during their preparations, there are portions of The Great Escape that play almost like a sports movie more than a war film, because of the atmosphere of competition and, among other things, there is so much comic relief, One of my favorite scenes is the one where they first begin digging under the floor in their bunker. Danny Velinski (Bronson) is under the floor digging away when the Germans march in for a surprise inspection, and he jumps out, they put the cover back on the hole and smear clay around it and then pour water into it, one guy starts mopping the floor, everyone else goes back to playing cards or milling about, and Velinski hops in the shower, and the suspicious officers come in and demand to know what they're each doing. The guy mopping explains that he's mopping, Velinski says he needed a wash, and Louis Sedgwick (Coburn), says about Velinski, "I'm watching him. I'm a lifeguard!"It's also a great scene when Hilts (McQueen) tells Bartlett (Attenborough) and the other officer his plan for escape. Steve McQueen is the star of the movie but spends most of it pretty much out of the loop. He was in the cooler when the plans for the great escape were first hatched, so when he finally got out most of the camp was involved in planning this epic breakout, and Hilts comes up to Bartlett and one other officer and gleefully tells them about his and Ives' nutty plan to burrow three feet down and dig straight out, sticking metal tubes through the ground to the surface so they can breathe. Bartlett and the other officer leave both of them out of the plans for the time being, for reasons that are explained later in the film.The movie is expertly written, with outstanding dialogue and even better performances and direction that I like to think is still inspiring filmmakers throughout the world. I learned from another reviewer on the IMDb that the music is almost competing within itself, with different instruments representing the British and the Germans, so I was watching for it when I watched the movie. Not only is the different music representative of the two opposing sides, but it does it within scenes and even within individual shots. Consider, for example, the scene where Hilts and Ives are first brought into the cooler. The music is almost reacting to what is going on on screen, like it's trying to describe where each character is within the frame. That is true film-making brilliance. The movie ends with a massive setback, a tremendous downturn in tone, but does so without turning into a tragedy or overshadowing everything else that has gone on before that and, most importantly, while remaining true to the real life story. It displays the pride and determination of British military as well as was done in The Bridge on the River Kwai, and that is a major accomplishment. Bravo.
bad The movie cuts and jumps so much and so quickly (Some scenes are literally less than 20 seconds long... in succession...) that by the end of the first half you'll feel dizzy from trying to follow.It takes everything from the other movies... and spits them out in raw, bloody bits which make no sense and flow like chunky soured milk.If Michael Bay has gotten tired of the franchise.... it finally shows. The last 45 minutes of battle were so bad... it didn't even redeem the movie.Trust me... don't bother going to see it in the theater, it's a waste of your time.
bad Something important to note is that trailers of this film completely mislead the viewer. The previews like to pretend like there's some kind of story here, but in reality there is no story. You're being sold mostly anti-white anti-"alt-right" propaganda thinly veiled as "entertainment." There is no direction here. I wish I could blame this on one person, but there's little in this movie that wasn't awful. Nothing of it is salvageable. If you are thinking of watching this because you watched a trailer, don't. You're being sold something that doesn't exist.The part of the story involving Gardner's plot to murder his wife and run off with his lover and the insurance money is full of loose threads and completely transparent plot devices (the uncle, for instance). Overall it's very badly written and nonsensical. What this movie seems to be, primarily, is an exaggerated and excessively pessimistic view of the 1950s, particularly the so-called "white flight." The ultimate claim of the movie is that this town, Suburbicon, is so obsessed with their own racism that even the most horrendous acts of crime you can imagine committed by whites are ignored compared to the presence of a single black family moving into town.As part of this movie, Suburbicon is a town created by whites for whites to get away from blacks during the civil rights movement when integration began being forced by the government. The movie is full of pot shots taken at this, and full of overt acts of racism hidden behind masks of "I'm not racist", including a scene at a market where just because a woman is black she is effectively forbidden from shopping, a scene which does not have any impact on any other part of the movie, further telling us just exactly what this movie is. When by all appearances an upstanding black family moves into town, everyone seems outraged. A murder happens next door to this black family, yet receives almost no media attention, and there are no real witnesses despite there being plenty of people gathered around the black family's home. Later, there is a murder on the street next to a riot at the black family's home, mere feet away from hundreds of people and multiple police officers (who all remain oblivious), followed by a man breaking in, murdering Gardner's lover, stabbing Gardner's brother in law who then manages to shoot the murderer twice, followed by Gardner accidentally killing himself. In addition to this, the other killer dies in head-on a collision with a fire truck. The next day, the press is gathered around the black family's home, showing the damage of the previous night's riot: a burned car, trash cans, and a broken window with a confederate flag hung in it (the ultimate virtue signal there, Hollywood, thanks for that). The press does not interview the black family, but a bunch of white residents of homes nearby, and they place blame for everything that has happened on the black family's arrival. No real questions of the things that went down the night before just next door are asked.I get what this movie was. The real story was the view of the 1950s, meant as a modern-day critique of white nationalists by exaggerating the negative parts of the country's past. That's why the story involving Gardner is so absurd and full of holes, it's not meant to matter. That's why this movie is sold as something completely different from what it is. This racism angle is not present in the trailers. The movie you're expecting is the one involving Gardner. You were fooled into watching poorly written and even more poorly executed propaganda against the history of the US and the modern day alt-right. The alt-right is a fringe minority that disagrees with the center left, right, libertarians, progressives, and even hardcore conservatives. This is an unwanted screed against a group that garners no mainstream support. It's hardly a film. Do not watch this utter crap. It's not entertaining, and if I wanted progressive propaganda, I'd just turn on CNN or watch Vox/BuzzFeed videos on YouTube.This is why Hollywood is in decline. I can't even believe anyone put their name on this steaming pile of garbage. The direction was bad. The editing was bad. The writing was bad. The story.. well there is no story. The acting wasn't even good considering the talent involved. Just.. no. There is nothing here you want. Nothing. If you have a ticket, get a refund.
bad Having just watched this with my family, I commented at the end that it felt more like a student filmmaker's thesis, as opposed to a full-length feature film. After reviewing the director's bio, I think that comparison can be safely made. The director, Jesper Ganslandt, is a Swedish film maker whose credits to date consist of 3 music videos for the Swedish pop/dance group Alcazar; 2 short films; a semi-autobiographical film (Falkenberg Farewell) in which the director and other cast members portray people with the same names as the actors,and which takes place in Falkenberg, Sweden (Mr. Ganslandt's birthplace); a documentary about an unknown Swedish topic; and 4 feature films, including this one.With that in mind, the film was fairly well acted, in my opinion. I found Sean's (Daniel Radcliffe's) reactions to be fairly believable, given his circumstances and relative helplessness, while DEA agent's are typical of someone who's trying to climb the corporate/bureaucratic ladder (not caring who gets hurt in the process), and Mallory's actions are those of someone who's just carrying out a job (Mallory is an "troubleshooter"/assassin for a third group). Mallory has been tasked with kidnapping Sean's wife, Jen, to ensure "compliance. He's not sadistic about it, although it would have been easy to write him that way; instead, he's cool and professional, calmly informing Sean of what will happen to Jen if compliance is not met.I did have a few (minor) quibbles with the story though, even keeping in mind the looseness of the plot. First, I disagreed with the simplistic ending Mallory meets at Sean's and Jen's hands; instead of simply drowning Mallory; use the last 2 bullets in your gun (received earlier) to SHOOT the SOB!!! Sean and Jen end up bum rushing Mallory and holding his head under water; how often have we seen "death" faked that way? If you're close enough to hold his head under water, put those last 2 bullets in HIS HEAD and MAKE SURE he's not faking!! Also, the final scene is one where Sean's watching Jen and a toddler (who the audience is led to believe is their daughter) cross the street to meet them in an unnamed location. Without spoilers, how did they get there, where IS "there", and how did they finance this move? I felt this ending left the story open to a future (hopefully better written) sequel.
bad Aside from the usual tired premise, every scene felt like every other movie in this weak and tired genre. The dialogue was weak at best and constantly littered with religious allusions. Haven't we had enough of this? And why are these characters housed as if they're corporate CEOs on holiday? Seriously, a pool in every home and McMansion features around every corner? Isn't the world about to end? The whole thing was stale and tedious from the outset.Another science fiction failure.
bad I love noir. I love Wells. I love black and white. But this film is a terrible mess. 1. The plot is senseless and full of holes 2. There is no logic to any actions by the characters 3. The story is as flimsy as Wells is enormousWells forgot the first rule in any film, you've got to have a good story or the rest doesn't matter. All the odd angles, the interesting lighting and even the greatness of Wells himself cant save this pile of waste. Its like going to the best restaurant in town, expensive and elegant, and getting served a happy meal thats cold and stale. A complete waste of time. Unless of course you overlook the story, the acting, and all of the swiss cheese holes. Just miserable.
bad I would rather have an hour and a half of brutal diarrhea than sit through this again! Shame on you Jackie!
bad Being that only one episode has aired so far I'm not going to automatically say this show is destined to fail as I have high hopes for Black Lightning in a universe of predominantly Caucasian super hero's. I will say the first episode somewhat screamed victimization of African American's as though it was trying to compare the imaginary town to Chicago. I'm hoping this is somewhat toned down over the season because the first ep just kinda felt like a bit too much treating it as though the culmination of victimization and gang violence hitting home being the breaking point for Black Lightning giving him reason to adorn his mantle again. Had this been spread out over a few eps, I think maybe it would have been depicted better. Though I'm sure we will see him deal with the struggles of deciding to suit up again over the season I hope CW kinda slowly rolls his character out rather than just trying to force this part of the DC universe down our throats so they can align him with the rest of DC gang ie. Arrow, Flash, Legends and Supergirl.
bad The year was 1906 in San Jose, California. San Francisco-based psychiatrist Dr. Eric Price (Jason Clarke) was called in by the lawyers of the Winchester Repeating Arms Co. to assess the mental health of their CEO, Mrs. Sarah Winchester (Helen Mirren). She had been obsessed about constantly building new rooms and sections to her house with no clear reasons, which caused concern among the members of her board. Upon visiting her house, Dr. Price began seeing frightful visions. At first, he thought that these were just illusions from his addiction to laudanum. However, when Ms. Sarah's grandson Henry (Finn Scicluna-O'Prey), son of her niece Marian (Sarah Snook), was showing signs of possession by an evil spirit, Dr. Price needed to get his act together to help the Winchesters figure out how to fight back against the violently disturbed spirit of Cpl. Benjamin Block (Eamon Farren) who was determined to exact his revenge.Despite the American topic, this was actually an Australian production. The film was written and directed by Austrailian identical twins Peter and Michael Spierig, billed together as "The Spierig Brothers." I did not recognize the name right away, but I realized that I had seen one of their films before, "Predestination" (2015) which I liked (MY REVIEW). Just last year, they directed the 8th installment of the "Saw" franchise called "Jigsaw" which I was not able to see. Majority of the cast was also Australian, like Clarke, Snook and Farren, along with Angus Sampson (as Ms. Sarah's helper) and Laura Brent (as Ruby, Eric's wife).Helen Mirren seemed to be having a lot of fun wearing her oppressively black widow's gown and veil, which she wore for the entire length of this movie. Her acting was on the hammy side and was actually quite amusing to watch. She somehow gave the impression that she was not taking this project too seriously, and that may be a good thing in this case. She knows her character had some over-the-top lines and scenes, so she wisely played her with tongue-in-cheek.I know Jason Clarke mostly for his macho action films, like "Zero Dark Thirty" (2012), "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" (2014) and "Everest" (2015). Him getting jumpy, startled and freaked out as the tormented Dr. Price in this film must have been quite a fun change of pace for him. It was his character who went through a more complete story arc in film, and he did deliver, acting-wise. There was a remarkable detail in Dr. Price's life that was a nice little twist in the film which I appreciated. The only other film I saw Sarah Snook in was "Predestination". She was just limited to playing the concerned mother. Viewers of the rebooted "Twin Peaks" last year will recognize Eamon Farren. His character Block was given quite a back story behind his vengeful anger. Of course, Angus Sampson was the comic relief for all the "Insidious" films. Here, all he did nothing much but to hammer doors shut with 13 pieces of nails.It did not have the Hollywood polish in terms of its cinematography and special effects. The scenes which were set at night or in darkness were too dark and were difficult to watch. The horror visual effects were quite basic, not up to present standards. A lot of the scares were jump scares brought about by sudden jolts of a ghostly face or a sudden blast of sound. While certain aspects of the story were interesting, the pacing of the storytelling was rather slow and tedious at parts. 5/10.
bad I don't see what all the hype is about. I went into this film with no expectations: --Didn't have a clue what it was about. --Hadn't seen any trailers. --Heard it was a fast paced satirical comedy.Really I felt this movie was pointless. Half way through the film I kept wishing I had gone to see something else. I chuckled a few times, but overall I was bored. It didn't draw me in. I wasn't emotionally involved in the story.Perhaps the fanfare with all the celebrity appearances is what had a particularly nice appeal to others, but I am not impressed with celebrity faces.This is the first time that a film that scored a high IMDb rating has disappointed me. I am puzzled at the disparity.I cannot recommend this film. I thought it was a waste of my time and money.
bad Reading these drooling reviews, I have to wonder what has gone wrong with the movie-viewing community of late.This film is nothing more than a very expensive exercise in overstatement. How many times can we possibly hit our audience over the head with the same exact symbolism? How blatantly obvious can we make our "elaborate plot twists" by the end of the film? Hugh Jackman's closing speech is perfectly typical of this film. Shot and dying on the floor, he suddenly comes to this very drawn out and very boringly shot epiphany about how he was never REALLY obsessed with finding out his opponent's secrets. He actually traveled thousands of miles, spent countless amounts of money, (How did he have this, by the way?) shot, stalked, kidnapped, and did his very best to destroy his opponent's life, but he actually did it for "the look on their (the audience) faces." Please.And plot twists? No no no, my friends. There is precisely one plot twist, and it is given away by the "tease" at the beginning of the film. As soon as you see that the hat doesn't leave, you know the rest of the movie. Okay, it clones things. He makes new and kills one of himself every time. It's not a huge leap in logic, but the filmmakers see fit to treat the audience like a bunch of Neanderthal second graders.Finally, we are supposed to like the magician/twin that makes it back to his daughter in the end. Forgetting of course, the fact that he broke Hugh Jackman's legs, killed his wife, crushed that innocent woman's hand, and oh yes, shot and killed his rival. But he was justified, right? WRONG. Once again, Hollywood comes out with the kind of ambiguous, almost-moral movie that makes you just cringe with the pansy-butt quality of their statements.Please do both me and yourself a favor and skip this tripe.
bad The art is amazing, unmatched by any animation I've ever seen. The story is brilliant, but above all very fun. Think of Batman Ninja like a short story. The writers had to cram a lot of movie into a short period of time. No time for backstory and character building.Hopefully the viewer has a decent knowledge of Batman, his sidekicks and all the villains from Batman comics. Being challenged with he idea of A Batman story in medieval Japan, they did a great job. Yes, there are giant robot castles...just roll with it.
bad Being a big Liam Neeson fan took the girl to watch this in the theater on big screen wow the action scenes will look awesome! .. well sort of. The script is so stupid and contorted that even Neeson and Vera Farmiga's legs can't save it. Our hero is old and tired, trapped on a train, just got fired so desperate for the money, his adversaries know everything, can tap into phones, can kill everyone but they need to play this game with the hero. What a bs.I'm really surprised why Neeson took the contract he shouldn't go down the same path with Bruce Willis playing in B- movies. It was like watching a mild version of Steven Segal: Under Siege 2 without the action scenes.
bad I am not sure what a movie like this is doing in a theater and not on the Lifetime channel. It's predictable, stupid, and boring. I kept looking at my watch, hoping it was over soon. Once you have seen a terrific movie like "Fatal Attraction", a poor man's version of crazy other woman just won't do. And why is it that a terrific actress like Rosario Dawson seems to get stuck in poor flicks like this. She deserves better. Katherine Heigl, not so much.
bad Formula films - genre films - are often much maligned. The problem with having familiar layouts and tropes in any art is that the creators might come to depend on them rather than build on them. When the armature becomes a receptacle there's a problem. Well, there's no problem with this inventive, energetic college drama. Peter Weir's cunning stroke is to centre the iconic 'carpe diem' sequence around old (beautifully sequenced) photos of alumni: the day to be seized is not some new idea but a traditional one, he seems to be asserting. This isn't a film about outmoded ideas but complacency.Robin Williams is excellent, playing John Keating as a puckish sage. Robert Sean Leonard performance as Neil Perry is most affecting, possibly setting a benchmark too high for the furtherance of his career to date. Ethan Hawke is the green observer, a character who would have been cast as the narrator if this had been a period piece. Kurtwood Smith does a dependable turn as Leonard's father. 6/10
bad I'll keep this brief, because frankly, that's all this film deserves.Whilst the premise of a good revenge film has been masterminded in recent years by action packed thrillers such as 'Taken', 'John Wick' and 'Atomic Blonde', '24 Hours To Live' lands very much at the other end of the scale.The story from the off seems like a convoluted concoction of 'Crank' and 'John Wick', by someone who's never actually seen either. There's plot holes galore, terrible acting (even Ethan Hawke, who is at least serviceable manages to pull off a poor, almost over the top, performance), what almost appear to be dubbed vocals half the time for 'Lin' and the script writing in general is pretty awful (every trope you'd expect, its in there).The film does have it's occasional highlights, some of the action sequences are fairly well done, but in the end that doesn't come close to making up for this bargain bin DVD rendition of 'John Wick'.4/10
bad This film gets 2 for some of the scenery and some of the ridiculous action scenes which made me laugh.The acting, the directing, the dialogue, the casting all failed miserably .It was one of those movies where you keep asking yourself,, why did he do that? or why did they not do that? or just why why why. There was a distinct lack of logic in almost every action the characters took.It is amazing that when the final edit was done and they had a screening that those involved did not think for a moment to reshoot the terrible action scenes.Some of them were embarrassingly silly . If for some unknown reason you want to watch the movie because of Jason momoa, then you would be better off just buying a poster of him and stick it on your wall and look at it. It will save you from wasting your time on a completely forgettable attempt in film making.
bad Rarely do I feel compelled to write a review on something, but this film elicited such a strong reaction in me that I felt obligated to justify my position. Especially since my girlfriend came out of the film loving it.Granted, I didn't go into this film expecting much, but this still managed to exceed all of my expectations of how bad a film of this type could be.The script was probably the thing I'd pick out if I had to pick something that really destroyed it for me. Every line that one of the 3 main characters had to deliver was tired and forced. One-liners were rife and also of poor quality. I cried inside when the first attempt at comedy was "it's like High School, without the musical", when he was referring to a high school! Of COURSE it's high school without the musical!The characters had no development whatsoever. Percy himself showed no emotion to finding out that he was part of some mythological fantasy world, or when he thought his mother had died. There was no transition between him finding out he was Poseidon's son and then being able to use his powers, so there was no point in the camp, Pierce Brosnan taught him nothing, he was there and then he was powerful.The satyr was a hackneyed racial stereotype. Out of the teenagers, it was only the 'baddie' Luke who seemed to have any talent whatsoever, but he was never given a chance to explore that. One minute we see him playing COD on ps3, and next he's a megalomaniac. And then we find out that he was apparently angry with the Gods when Percy explains this to the council on Olympus. Then, after all this he shows his first sign of emotion by being angry at his father Poseidon bizarrely for something he knows to be out of Poseidon's control.The plot had a number of holes. For example, why the hell was he so desperate to get his mother back before the war started? It made no difference, as that would have no bearing on the war whatsoever.I'd go on, but I'm now trying to put the whole experience out of my mind.Positives? It had Steve Coogan, and the effects were passable?Not the worst film I've ever seen, but easily in the top 5.
bad Alice Kingsleigh (Mia Wasikowska) is captaining her father's ship, The Wonder, escaping Malay pirates. She's a year late returning to London. Her father had died and her ruthless ex-fiancé Hamish Ascot has taken over. Her mother sold the family's shares. Hamish threatens to take The Wonder. Alice follows Absolem through the Looking Glass onto the other side. The Hatter (Johnny Depp) has gone darker and madder. He is haunted by memories of his family lost to the Jabberwocky. She has to get the Chronosphere from the hands of Time (Sacha Baron Cohen) and return to the past to save Hatter's family.Director James Bobin retrieves Tim Burton's wonderful visual excessiveness to churn out another Alice movie. Burton's movie is a jumbled sequel to Lewis Carroll's work whereas this one reinterprets it completely. The first one is no masterpiece of storytelling but at least, it has the fun of new invention of imagery. This one is no longer so new. Wasikowska's spunky innocence has turned into full fledged defiance against old-timey sexism. I actually like the attempt to find the origins of the sisters' rivalry but I don't like the execution. Sacha Baron Cohen's Time would probably work better as a supporting character. He's neither villain nor hero. Alice is more reckless than heroic. It needs more Red Queen's villainy to give Alice more heroism. The story needs more heart and gets washed out by its CGI action overload. There is an attempt here but it is unable to be good.
bad I HIGHLY recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys flying lettuce, terrible acting, giant Oprah in a mermaid costume, or awful confusing plots with terrible direction. Disney - as someone who had to sit through this film I respectfully request that you use your Marvel money to build a time machine and give 2 hours back to any audience forced to see this abomination.
bad We went to see this at the cinema without reading any reviews because all Clint Eastwood´s movies so far have been amazin, but this was a huge let down. It´s amateurish and there is barely any story to tell. Really bad.
bad This film reminds me of the situation surrounding the making of The Lord of the Rings trilogy. The film was turned down by one studio after another as none of the studios wanted to commit to making 3 films. One of the studios actually agreed to make it, but only if the script was condensed into a single film. Thankfully the people that had the rights and were pitching the films understood that the idea of translating the entire Lord of the Rings trilogy in a single film was a laughable proposition and the end result would have been a terrible film that would ultimately do no justice to the source material. They were willing to bring it down to 2 films instead of 3, but the studio wound up turning them down. The final studio they approached was New Line and because all of the other studios had turned them down, they pitched it to New Line as a 2 film series as opposed to a trilogy. Amazingly, New Line agreed to take on the project but only if it was made as a trilogy. Clearly someone at New Line smartly recognized that Lord of the Rings was an amazing project and the only way to do it right was to make it a trilogy. And anyone who has read the Lord of the Rings trilogy understands first hand that there is just way too much material to be condensed into a single film or even 2 films. And as we all know, the films wound up being a HUGE success and made New Line billions. At last look the Trilogy had made more than 6 billion world wide. Like Lord of the Rings, The Dark Tower series is just way too big to be condensed into a single film. Any film studio that was legitimately serious about doing the Dark Tower series justice would understand that right out of the gate. The Lord of the Rings was 3 books and the running time for the extended versions of the films was 682 minutes or just over 11 hours long. .The Dark Tower series is 8 books and many of them are BIG books. Anyone who thinks that amount of material can be condensed into a single film is living in la la land. I knew going in that this was going to be a cheap attempt at making money off of Stephen Kings name and the popularity of The Dark Tower series and that's exactly what it was. The Dark Tower series is one of my all time favorite book series, as is Lord of the Rings, and this film is literally a bad joke compared to the source material. How they got Matthew McConaughey to sign on to this film when he has had such an amazing run the last 4-5 years is simply beyond my understanding. I will never understand how such an amazing writer has had so many terrible films made from his books. Bottom line - this was a terrible film, one that does no justice to the source material at all. If your a fan of the Dark Tower books, do yourself a HUGE favor and skip this film. Its like a bad joke of the Dark Tower universe. Everyone involved with this film should be ashamed of being a part of it. The only reason I saw it is because I have a nephew than basically begged me to take him to see it and I have to admit, part of me was curious to see just how bad it really was and in that regard it didn't disappoint. It was just as bad as I expected it to be. This is Hollywood garbage, nothing more and nothing less. Do yourself a favor and put your money elsewhere.
bad Searching for a cure to Alzheimer's disease a group of scientists on an isolated research facility become the bait as a trio of intelligent sharks fight back.Screenwriter Duncan Kennedy acknowledged that "whenever anyone mentions a shark movie, they naturally think of Steven Spielberg. The problem with approaching a shark movie is how do you do it without repeating Jaws?" That is precisely the problem with shark movies. There have been dozens of them, but it all comes back to "Jaws" (even if "Jaws" was not the first). Luckily, they approached this the right way -- nodding to Spielberg and carrying on.Roger Ebert wrote, "In a genre where a lot of movies are retreads of the predictable, 'Deep Blue Sea' keeps you guessing." From a horror-basher like Ebert, that is quite a compliment. But also, this one has the cast to make even a retread work. Thomas Jane pre-Punisher, Sam Jackson, Michael Rapaport? This is gold.
bad We had been treated on a real horror-esque fest this summer. From botched up remakes of movies to well bad moms. There are no redeeming qualities. At least the new Ghostbusters had me laughing a bit now and again but this movie is nearly as bad as Himalaya, a three + hour movie i was forced to watch in highschool of how indigenous people herd their yaks over the mountain paths. I never walked out on a movie, except on this one.But back to the movie. Really Really bad script, not funny, man hating, failure to communicate and no sense of humor sums this erghm "movie" up quite nicely. basically story goes like this; Women make active choices they later regret ( like finding wealthy men and marrying them, plus having kids while sitting at home or just fail to produce anything noteworthy because of the lack of education... because they got children quite early). Then the say enough is enough.. go girlpower.. and act like deranged immature college frat boys/girls. Then they roll stupid and immature with each other and smash it into one big pretzel of fail.So conclusion: actresses, though still easy on the eyes seem to be the ones with their careers winding down ( some aren't as good of an actress to begin with). the so called humor is so immature that it is facepalm retch worthy. The script is even worse and yes, one could argue that actresses can't shine if the script is terrible.To end there is a disturbing trend in Hollywood where in certain movies the "hate" for one or more groups, oftentimes men in general, can see oozing like a slimer that just flew through the theater screen. Directors some advice: keep your SJW/feminasty social construct politics and Utopian dreams out of a movie that could have been OK-ish if you had bothered writing a half decent script.
bad The art style pays homage to traditional painters like Hokusai and kayosai. Japanese print art and caligraphy are used to get effect to make this one of the best looking Batman animated films released in the last decade. Batmans costumes alone are superb from his great blue glowing tech suit in the beginning to the ninja clothing at the end. Joker too gets a lavish makeover that'll make toy companies stress for ages trying to replicate.Unfortunately the plot goes from the implausible time travel plot (but ok I'll go with it) to out right bat crap insane in the last 20 minutes or so. It seems to want to do a bit for every kind of fan of japanese anime. One minute it's a stunning ninja scroll style martial arts romp, next it's a transformers/gundam style robot slugfest. I honestly started laughing loudly when the army of monkeys (yes you read that right) all join together to make one big giant armoured monkey (yet again you are reading this correctly) to fight a huge mecha robot made up of the top 5 batman villains houses (seriously... it's their homes!).I was laughing really hard but nothing would prepare me for what happened next! As the giant armoured monkey began to lose to the giant house monster a swarm of bats surrounded the mecha money and turned it into a colossal batman called "bat god".It was at this point I yelled "oh jesus god no!" And damn near wet my trousers laughing so hard. I don't think that was supposed to be the desired effect.I suspect it will work well for a bunch of drunk guys looking for a movie to lampoon and laugh at like Tommy Wiseau's The Room or Samurai Cop. The dialogue feels hokey in places but this could be due to having to translate directly from japanese but sometimes it's too on the nose. Again it looks fantastic but a change in art style right in the middle really jars. After a huge battle between joker and batman on a boat, red hood is strolling along a country footpath and comes across a man and his wife farming. He then accuses the man of being the joker and begins to beat him. Batman appears from nowhere and stops him saying that the farmer used to be the joker but he isn't anymore and they should leave the old farmer/former joker alone. There is no explanation as to what the time frame is from the last scene to this scene is and almost feels like it doesn't belong or they tacked it on realising there was a gaping plothole as to why joker randomly goes missing for a while and then shows up at the end just to fight batman. There is fun to be had with this film and again it looks so great but it throws almost every kind of japanese anime into the mix and really pushes the envelope of a realistic setting. This wouldn't too much of a problem but there feels like two conflicting styles of storytelling happening, one based around batman being stripped of all his tech to find out what he is without it, ala Iron Man 3 and rhe other has giant monkey monsters, submarines, huge mounted gatling guns, spiritually aware bats, hive minded monkeys and fighting houses. Altogether it leaves for a "what the hell was that feeling" and finally ends with Batman returning to Gotham, alfred using a horse drawn batmobile garnished in feudal japanese decor being driven through the streets of gotham with bruce being clearly visible just sitting there! So now anyone that sees the horse drawn batmobile going through the streets can clearly see bruce wayne and now know who Batman is WTF?!Some things you can put to artistic interpretation but that is just absolutely and fundamentally not Batman. Just buy a poster and imagine what the film it could have been.
bad I think Mr. Davis was expecting to much for some reason. I enjoyed the movie myself. This is a made for cable/DVD movie so based on that the writing was good and I wasn't board as the story unfolded.Just wanted to give my 2 cents since me and Mr. Davis came away with different opinion.
bad My vote of awful may be a little exaggerated, but I can tell you when this film ended, the audience literally groaned. The story is about some guy who we don't know happening upon a drug deal that went horribly wrong then finding $2 million in cash and taking it.This guy who we find out is called Lewellen (I don't know how to spell it sorry), suddenly grows a conscience and decide to help a dying drug dealer by bringing back water, almost getting himself killed in the process. I honestly as I watched, did not understand why he went back, it was only after we left that my wife explained that he went to take that water to that poor drug dealer.Next we meet our bad guy, a man who has been arrested, escapes and can continue to kill literally dozens of people, even having shoot outs in hotels and main streets, without anyone either caring or phoning the police. This sort of thing must be perfectly normal in Texas, because at one point you have one guy firing a shotgun on the street and no one could care less, let alone phone the police.There's the Sheriff, who's "trying" to help the "good guy", but couldn't really care. I mean wtf was he doing all day apart from lazing about reading the paper. Apart from anything else he's got a psycho running lose and like 10 dead Mexicans as well as two dead police officers. You'd think he'd be quite busy, but he's really not.Anyway our bad guy is hunting the thief for the money, and then in steps Woody Harrelson who you assume is going to save the day, but gets shot within five minutes. Honestly even after he was shot I thought he was faking it and would come back and help our "hero", I honestly couldn't believe it. Then they have both hero and wife murdered off camera, and again you honestly cannot believe that it happened.The worst thing of all though is the ending, you keep thinking that the bad guy will get caught, but no he gets away, after killing like 1 million people, and the film closes with our Sheriff who's done jack anyway talking about some dreams he had. I was literally astounded by this film, it started off well, but just when you were waiting for something to happen, like a showdown between psycho and thief, nothing happened. If you want to waste your money go watch this, otherwise pick something else.
bad A Clockwork Orange is the finest film that has ever been made, in my view. Stanley Kubrick has made so many masterpieces, and is by far the best director that ever graced our world. A Clockwork Orange is simply his finest hour!The film grabs you and glues you to your seat from start to finish. Malcolm McDowell gives us a shining example of superior acting, and the movie is as perverted as any of Kubrick's masterpieces (and then some!). It contains horrifying violence, extreme emotions, perversity and weirdness at it's very worst. It all boils down to serve you a plethora of thoughts for you to take with you and contemplate, after the film ends.However, with all the perversity bursting out of this film, you will probably NOT like this film the first time you see it. I know I didn't. Fortunately, I gave it a second chance, and thought: Hey, it was actually not bad at all. After the third time, I was lost for words.After the fourth time, there was little doubt in my mind, that this was the finest film ever made, and regardless of how many great masterpieces I see, A Clockwork Orange still towers above them. I'm sure you'll agree, if you give it the chance it deserves, although it may require for you to see it more than once.
bad A wonderfully funny fable of the adventures of world's greatest hotel concierge (a brilliant, inventive and hilarious performance by Ralph Fiennes) and the friendship he strikes up with the hotel's new lobby boy (a strong debut by newcomer Tony Revolori). The story goes in many unexpected directions, every one entertaining and eccentric, and the cast is full of first rate highly comic performances by F. Murray Abraham, Adrien Brody, Willem Dafoe, Jeff Goldblum, with terrific cameos by Bill Murray, Harvey Keitel, Edward Norton, Tilda Swinton, Jason Schwartzman, Tom Wilkinson, Owen Wilson, Jude Law and others I feel bad for forgetting here. While not Anderson's most profound film, it may be his most joyful. I don't think I stopped smiling from first frame to last, and I laughed out loud quite a few times. And yet, as in any good fable, there is some real poignancy as well. A top notch marriage of a lovingly crafted art-film and a wacky human comedy, something rarely pulled off with such panache. Even my friends who don't enjoy Anderson's work in general had nothing but good things to say. The sweetest treat of the movie year so far.
bad I very firmly believe that Trolls is the summation of cinematic garbage. It is only for one specific reason that I give this "movie" more than 1 star, and that is because it will most likely entertain your children. Where to even begin? At the beginning we are introduced to the main antagonists, the Bergens. It is rather unfortunate that most of the Bergens are more fleshed out than the main characters. Who are the main characters, you may ask? The titular Trolls. The Trolls can hardly even be called characters. None of them have any personalities, and I could just barely tell them apart from each other by their physical traits. There was ONE character I did not despise at the beginning, the character of Branch, a Troll who refuses to be happy like the rest of the village. This character was the only thing keeping me from falling asleep and completely despising this movie. However, he eventually is given a sob-story background, and becomes yet another of the cookie-cutter personalities infesting this picture like lice. In addition, the script is awful and generic, and the film cannot even decide what tone it wishes to take. Finally, my biggest gripe is that the Trolls are basically invincible. They are a community of Mary Sues and Gary Stus, who cannot seem to ever be harmed, even if they are repeatedly attacked. How did Dreamworks expect audiences to be emotionally invested in the narrative, when the main "characters" are never in any danger? I cannot recommend this movie, unless you wish to entertain your children for a short while.
bad You know what really bothered me? The fact that they advertised this film as one thing (the attack on pearl harbor) and actually gave us another (love triangle drama before, after, and during pearl harbor).So little time was spent on the actual battle and the memorable instances within it that one wondered if they had even bothered to research it. Heck, they couldn't even bother to take out the modern US navy destroyers still at the harbor during filming (with cgi)!Don't bother with this film, it was horrible. Go rent Tora,Tora,Tora. An excellent and faithful reproduction of BOTH sides of the battle via a joint directorial effort and 2 production teams, melded into one strong movie.
bad Such a cool idea ruined by horrible writing, odd casting, and amateurish directing. This is one of those concepts that you have to try really hard to screw up because the potential is SO there to make something cute AND compelling. All I'm left wondering is WHO would have financed such garbage?
bad I made the big mistake of using my holiday afternoon to watch this movie yesterday and normally would have walked out after 10 minutes.This is THE WORST MOVIE I've ever seen.Pain = No Fun.Bad jokes. Terrible acting. An established actor named Juergen Prochnow from Berlin (!) trying to imitate a nasty Bavarian Opa. And a director playing on every cliché that herewith proved he knows nothing about. A camera director who should have been shot along with Herr Schniedelwichsen. And what was that male prostitute thing all about anyway. There was nothing comical about it. At all! I cringed about 4 times per scene. Fake Oktoberfest scenes one might forgive, but for Pete's sake - if you're in Munich, why not take a day or two and run over to Angermaier's on the Donnersbergerbruecke and buy proper, even modern Bavarian Tracht for costumes - even a low-budget film could afford his prices! These were cheesy outfits only an American schmuck would have thought up.And why use faked German accents and Gestapo & SS style Prussians? That gag was funny maybe twice, but after the 18,000th time it's just OLD!!! There were perhaps 3 funny lines in the whole movie, but I can't remember them even 1 day after seeing the movie - that's how bad this one was.The script was simply terrible. The "Germans" were definitely not native speakers (ich weiss, wovon ich spreche). Whoever wrote this heap of Scheisse should be tarred and feathered like his little Bavarian whore and her bastard son.This is a movie for people who are gluttons...for punishment - probably the same type of folk who think Coors Light is beer. Funny, the main part of the story takes place in Colorado...wouldn't be surprised if ol' Pete Coors had his hand in this somewhere....and the worst thing is: it even had potential for being funny, but this found a short pier and took a long walk.2 HOURS OF PAIN for nothing - I'd rather drink Loewenbraeu! gez. madmark of munich
bad When I first rented this movie at my local DVD rental store, I didn't have high hopes for it at first. But that's only because at the time, I had virtually no interest in Star Wars at all. One day after watching a review of the films, I decided to give the movies a try, and see if they were worth all the fame they have. But little did I know that when I first hit 'play' on that DVD menu, i had taken my first step into a larger world.In the first half, I thought that the CGI and effects looked great. Now let me just say something for a second: Most people dislike the Prequels for overuse of CGI and not enough real things. But to me, the wonder and mystery of Episodes IV-VI works in a different way. Seeing all of the CGI in the Podrace, the Droids, and a few of the characters, I was stunned. I had never seen CG quality to such an extent before, and much of it really did look real. I had wondered how much work it must've taken to put it all together with the lighting and textures and stuff.Now that we've gotten that out of the way, we can move on. Personally, I didn't really find that much to complain about. I was able to follow the story just fine, and i thought the characters were really interesting. Anakin as a child didn't bother me at all, and i thought he was pretty likable. He had an interesting character, and I kind of actually felt sorry for him since he lived on such a dusty old planet such as Tatooine. When Jar Jar Binks first appeared, I feared the worst based on some of the reviews I saw. But in the first minute or so, Jar Jar actually didn't bother me at all. In fact, I thought he was quite entertaining and funny. For example, when he got his head stuck in the pod race electrical line, I was laughing out of control.Now let me explain something else for a moment: Some people may argue that that comedy doesn't belong in a Star wars movie. But to debunk that, I'm only going to say this: In the Empire Strikes Back, remember when Yoda first appeared?...Near the middle of the film came the saga's first chronological lightsaber dual, between Qui Gon Jinn and Darth maul, the movie's secondary antagonist. his motive is to wipe out the Jedi and overthrow the Galactic Republic as a a way of getting revenge. (Anyone who paid attention during the Jedi Council parts would know that the Jedi wiped out the Sith a long time ago, and Darth Maul is the apprentice of one of the last Sith Lords who want the Sith to come back.Now that that's out of the way, let's move on. In the second half of the film, the effects only got better. The Naboo Starfighters near the end looked seriously real, the trade Federation battleship looked pretty wicked, and the battle between the gungans and the battle droids looked spectacular, but soon after this happened, came the highlight of the film. While the Theed palace soldiers are trying to take back the palace, they ran into Darth Maul, who had been sent by his master to kill the two Jedi and everyone who stood in their way to victory. After that came the second best lightsaber fight in the entire saga. For one thing, Darth Maul has a double bladed (duel bladed) lightsaber. And I thought it was nice to see an update on the lightsaber formula. Anyway, when the fight starts, three key factors make it a great fight. 1 is the music, called Duel of Fates. no words can describe how well this piece of John Williams Gold fits into the fight, and the film in general. The second factor is the movements, or choreography. For the first time, we were introduced to lightsaber duels with back flips, jumps, several hits a second, and some seriously fast paced action, which the Original films seriously lacked from the reviews. And the third thing that makes the fight so great is the location its in. The Theed Palace reactor is such a bad ass place to have a lightsaber fight, its almost as if Darth Maul purposely waited nearby it so they could fight there. Overall, just watch the fight on Youtube and you'll see what I mean.Overall, The Phantom Menace was a great entry in the Star Wars franchise. It's got great effects, lovable characters, a great storyline, and doesn't deserve all of the hate that it has. I highly recommend watching this any day.I'd give this a 15 if I could.
bad Even if you are not familiar with the original TV show, like me, you must know something about this classic Japanese anime. In my case I'm a big fan of the fantastic Mach 5, definitely one of my favourite cars of a TV show or a movie. So apart of my Mach 5 1/64 die cast car of Johnny Lightning, a bigger scale model of the same car and my action figures of Speed Racer, Spritle and Chim Chim that I own since I was very young, I have no other stuff of Speed Racer. Even that I'm not a fan definitely I had some expectations of this movie, of course mostly for "The Matrix", and when I looked the trailer it was so damn colorful and totally different of the original show.The plot introduces Speed Racer (Emile Hirsch) as a young boy whose only interest are the car races. Is not rare since his family dedicate all of their lives to this sport. His father (John Goodman) runs their little business and his brother (Scott Porter) is a great racer. With the narrative style of the film we are watching this and at the same time we are watching the present days of Speed Racer, now as the new sensation of the car races. The story of the film is quite simple having the classic new and talented sportsman, who really feels a passion for what he do, entering in the professional ambit where the business comes always first and the money is the principal "talent". Of course there is a message and the hopes that the racing sport could be an honest sport with only winners that really deserves that honor.The plot is nothing new but still I really like it. But definitely the visuals are just great making the film sometimes a live action comic book, a surrealistic child adventure, overall whatever the Wachowski brothers wanted, I think, is here. For example sometimes the car races looks like everything you want except a car race and that looks really good of course with all the colors that are really unusual. But definitely my favourite visuals are the ones when is a total live action comic book; the scene of the fight in the mountains, during the Casa Cristo rally, is so damn great. In resume I love the visual part of the film.The cast is good with many funny moments and a cartoon look, of course the are is not a magnificent performance that stand out the others but everybody seems with the correct role. I think Emile Hirsch was a good choice as Speed Racer and John Goodman looks really funny and quite different. He is no more Fred Flintstone. Ricci looks also quite different but still very beautiful as Trixie . The support cast is just good with Paulie Litt as Spritle and Susan Sarandon as Mom. That little boy and his chimpanzee had a really bizarre and funny scene with the solo of the song "Free Bird" as background.Conclusion: Great visuals and a rare narrative style, with the faces of the characters in the entire screen, makes "Speed Racer" a worth entertainment. In my humble opinion this film is just underrated here and by all the critics. Anyway I think will be worth to go and see it on IMAX and also I think this film and "Iron Man" will be my favourites of this year's summer, just waiting to see what "The Dark Knight" and the new stuff of Jack Black ("Tropic Thunder" and "Kung Fu Panda") will offer.
bad I'm a big Terminator 1 and 2 fan. They are 2 of my favourite sci-fi movies of all time. Terminator 3 and 4 were decent but both quite dull and not even comparable to their predecessors. Terminator 5 is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. There are no words to describe how awful this is. They couldn't have made it any worse even if they tried. Everything from the acting to the script to the special effects is absolutely laughable. And yes I did start laughing at some point, thinking 'what the hell is going on here?'. The people who wrote the script should be fired, the actors should go to acting classes and Arnie should apologise to the fans for this monstrosity. This should have never been made. What a joke of a movie.
bad Clichés and predictability abound. Was this deliberate or did everyone miss the mark by miles? The distance between intentional laughs is great but not to worry as you will find yourself laughing during chase scenes and the heard it before soooo many times canned dialogue stripped from the shelves of the most generic action movies. Think Moonlighting a la Bruce Willis and Sybil Shepard meets any line spoken by Arnold Schwarzenegger as the Terminator. Perhaps this will be the springboard for director Dean Devlin for bigger and better things as even James Cameron had to start somewhere. Save your money and valuable time by staying home and watching Babe: Pig in the City. If you do decide to see this slapstick of a movie I suggest you pass the time by counting how many times you laugh out loud at the cheesier than a Nacho Cheese Doritos Locos Taco dialogue. I lost count.
bad With a new Jason Karin's show like this it's like a welcome family member is back. Some say it's the same, compare it to Glee (has more Friday Night Lights overtones) however it is great to see characters that actual have character. So glad this is on and can't wait to see how the story and characters develop. And Rosie Perez is amazing welcome back Rosie.
bad There's no question that Elia Kazan and Marlon Brando are at their very best in "On the Waterfront".  Kazan led a cast of solid talent in a morality play amidst the backdrop of the Depression-era New York waterfront.  Brando, much calmer than in his mercurial performance in "A Streetcar Named Desire" (also directed by Kazan), personifies the best in "Method" acting, perfectly engaging the viewer with his genuineness as Terry Malloy.In the most famous scene, Brando, a has-been prizefighter, confronts his brother (Steiger) who is about to set him up to be executed by the mob bosses of the union.  When Steiger reveals his intent to set Brando up, the scene explodes with reality and pathos.  Brando's words, "Wow", sum up the intensity and emotion of the scene.Great acting and directing, however, cannot cover up the transparent political/apologetical intent of the movie.  Two years earlier, Kazan had sold out his integrity to the House Unamerican Affairs Committee (HUAC), "naming names" of those who would become the blacklisted Hollywood 10. Kazan, a former communist himself, regretted his involvement with the Party, and evidently decided it was politically advantageous to name his former associates.  Likewise, Brando character Malloy finds himself in a mob-run labor union, and in his effort to 'get out', repeats much of what Kazan did in real life.  Worse, Kazan, through the allegorical message of the film, brands his former writers as criminals and murders, and himself as the naive innocent.  Being a communist was no crime in the 30s, and he was no innocent."On the Waterfront" is thus steeped in a right-wing political worldview. Mobs run labor unions.  Unions are thus corrupt organizations who exploit workers and make it harder for businesses to thrive.  Turn in union leaders into the police.  Even the church becomes a tool of the state to further the cause of the police against the union.Brando was never satisfied with "On the Waterfront".  In fact, he later commented that it was indeed a tool for Kazan to justify his actions to the HUAC.  One thumb up for the acting, one thumb down for the cheap political message.
bad I am a Clint Eastwood fan, but not lately.He has decided to reveal a human side of himself - went to the Wizard and acquired a heart. He also revealed he is a wooden actor and a plodding, predictable director. Gran Torino is uninteresting at best and tedious at worst,worse even than Million Dollar Baby,and contains some of the worst actors ever subjected to the silver screen. I did enjoy the Christ-image at the end as he is sprawled on the lawn,which was an unintentional touch of humor. He says he is going to continue directing pictures and maybe next time he could hire a professional screenwriter.Speaking of directing, the Directors of the IMDb website should monitor entries more carefully.Currently, Gran Torino has an 8.5 ranking, which is a travesty.Since this puts it in with some mighty good movies,modern filmgoers obviously haven't a clue regarding what makes a good picture.Perhaps a separate category could be designated for films made after,say,1980.That might separate the film lovers from the dilettantes.
bad This was a weird one for me. I've been a fan of Pacino since the early 90's. Seen just about every movie he's ever done.I really can't even describe this movie. It's just a complete mess. The acting is atrocious, the script is atrocious and the script is atrocious.Pacino has a very weird accent and speaks like he's drugged throughout the movie. Karl Urbans performance is not much better. I really don't know what the hell Brittany Snows character does in the movie, there's no reason why a reporter should follow the two detectives (one of which is retired) out in the field on a serial killer case.Somehow nothing feels right in this movie. The cast, the story, the villain. Really disappointing for a lifelong fan of Pacino.I gave it four stars because I like serial killer movies and because Al Pacino is in it, otherwise 1 star.
bad Just watched it, hence the ramble... Such a beautifully-made film with terrific performances. I can see how many people find it an extremely powerful tragedy but I wonder if it tackles too much for its length and medium. There's only so much you can do and say in a 2 hour conventional-ish movie without overtly manipulating the audience.Personally I have a problem with many fictional films of this type though I understand my reaction is not the common one. To me, these films take extremely shocking or despicable events which 'could be real' or 'could have happened' and 'do sometimes happen'. They film these events realistically but they ask the audience to dive in and get into the story as you would a piece of riveting fictional drama, The Godfather etc. At the same time they insist the film has elements of reality or quasi-documentary - to have 'this is almost truthful' or 'this is currently happening' qualities. Yet the screenplay, the unfolding drama, is only as real as a Greek tragedy, say - it is carefully scripted and story-boarded to shock and amuse and provoke. It's a play. A drama. A movie. It's still only another The Godfather or The Matrix. It's not a documentary or a record of an event or events which happened. It's like having your cake and eating it - taking an irony-filled, message-laden 'impactful' stage play and putting it in the package of a realistic contemporary action-drama thriller mystery tragedy. I think if another director had played more on the fictional 'Greek tragedy', 'heightened ironic drama written for the stage' aspects I would have loved it. (Eg if the audience understood they were being manipulated for the sake of great drama.) Conversely I think if this director had made a similar movie based on a true story without the central shocking irony I would have loved it. He's a great director.Not meaning to 'compare' different films and different intentions, and perhaps conflicting some of what I have said so far: I liked the way Roman Polanski's 'Death and the Maiden' keeps the stage play aspects of the original. I didn't enjoy 'The Kite Runner's mixing of fact and fiction, and then its action rescue ending. I'm a fan of some films which take real events and work them into drama and then finish by revealing the actual protagonist in real life - Europa Europa is an example. I'm a fan of City Of God only because it is so obviously a complete fiction, a 'Hollywood' style shoot-em-up, rather than a 'state of address'. I'm a huge fan of Sergei Bodrov's 'Prisoner Of the Mountains' as a film depicting some themes of war and religious conflict in a fairly realistic way but somehow with a nice balance between 'this is just a filmed play' and 'this is something happening right now which carries some universal truths'.I don't comment that often on IMDb but I do think that for films of an extreme nature (such as Incendies' central twist) it is probably worth recording people's different reactions.Finally, I do think the director is one of the best of recent times and congratulate him on the film despite it not being to my taste.
bad I first watched this film by renting it from a Redbox. The rental is only $1.50 and honestly the amount is so little I usually do not care if I rent a bad movie but, I really feel like I actually wasted my money on this film. At first this film seemed good from the trailers, it seemed like a good twist on a thriller and it really piqued my interest. So when I saw it on Redbox I was excited because I haven't seen a good thriller in a long time. So when I got home and popped it in my player after the first ten minutes I knew this film was going to go downhill and had no end in sight. Keanu Reeves usually plays as a strong, smart, and capable character in his movies; not a wimpy, stupid, and really a down right moron. This fact alone disappoints me because I am a Reeve fan and a little part of that admiration just went away. The film started well, with him sidestepping their advances and being seeing the girls as young and stupid, but in the bathroom scene apparently all of that goes out the window just because they're naked. Wow. As the film progresses it seems to become a slight against men, by portraying them to be these idiotic, misogynistic, and sex on the brain oafs that will do anything as long as there is a piece of "meat" hanging in front of them. This becomes overly clear when the character, "Genesis" has the line, "You all are the same" and "They never say no." I understand that this is a film but to create something so bigoted and dogmatic and think that it is acceptable; it really begins to bring to light the morals and philosophies of the writers and producers. I know that this will probably make some folks mad or angry but flip the situation around. If it had been a woman on the bed getting raped by a man, I'd put money on the fact that this movie wouldn't have made it beyond the notepad of the first writer. We as a society tend to have double standards that usually benefit one party or another, and I completely understand why this happens and why it is bad. But to campaign against this problem and to become a more accepting society, movies like this are not helping whatsoever. I am not trying to suggest censoring literature and media, but to have a film that is so one-sided is very detrimental to furthering our society to become rational and fair. Overall, I was extremely disappointed with this film. It will only make the viewer angry and frustrated. I feel this film will only please one particular group of people, the more radical feminist groups. More liberal feminists will probably be angered by the movie because it really puts a bad name on the movement, by making it seem that this is what feminism hopes to prove. The intention of my review is not one of contention and hostility but to give my opinion and hopefully shine some light on the reasoning behind it. I just ask that before you go and fire away a comment or a reply to this review, to try and see it from a different my perspective, a 22 year old man that is still trying to understand how the world works. Thank you. P.S. I use the word "feminism" and "feminist," not as a derogatory remark or slight, but just as a descriptor of a noble movement or person.
bad I thought it was fantastic and am kind of surprised by the relatively low rating. But, and this is probably the big one, I love slow, plodding, tension building plots and this one delivered on that front, for me at least. I did have to turn on the sub-titles though because I couldn't understand half of what Thomas Jane was saying, but I didn't live in Kansas (or wherever it was supposed to take place) in the 1920s so who am I to judge. I also loved Molly's portrayal of the strident, bored, ambitious housewife although I almost sympathised with Wilfred for her single-minded desire to leave, and the threat to take everything away from him. Almost. In the end it was an excellent cinematic portrayal of what happens when a moral dilemma results in the wrong avenue of choice.
bad Enormous suspension of disbelief is required where Will's "genius" is concerned. Not just in math--he is also very well read in economic history, able to out-shrink several shrinks, etc etc. No, no, no. I don't buy it. While they're at it, they might as well have him wearing a big "S" on his chest, flying faster than a jet plane and stopping bullets.Among other problems...real genius (shelving for the moment the problem of what it really is, and whether it deserves such mindless homage) doesn't simply appear /ex nihilo/. It isn't ever so multi-faceted. And it is very rarely appreciated by contemporaries.Better to have made Will a basketball prodigy. Except that Damon's too short.
bad First of all, they should get the camera man to stop drinking so we can hold the camera steady. This new style of hand-held cameras is absolutely, and literally, nauseating. I I would like to say it I actually saw the film, but for 40% of it my eyes are closed just keep from puking on the guy in front of me.The about beside the movie is extremely weak with no character development and it's highly unlikely that an advanced civilization of aliens as those depicted in the movie The Practice martial arts as too close to just vaporising the human beings. I am an absolute sci-fi geek, and willing to forgive a lot of things. But this movie fails on so many levels I wonder why I even spent the time watching it that I will never get back.I gave it 5 Stars only for the reason that it has some good special effects. But even they were amateurish and I can only think that the camera movement was designed to disguise the poor quality of the CGI.
bad Seriously - WHY does Hollywood think that film lovers do NOT want characters to have a value? Both old and young people want to fall in love with the characters in movies - or the opposite for antagonists. In this movie they spend maybe 30 seconds building up the characters, if even that. They just assume that we will have feelings to any character who pops up in the movie - BUT WE DON'T. If anyone fights, almost dies and in the end dies anyways we just do not care since we do not get to know the person. Forrest Whitaker acts is but off yet you do not care if he dies... WHO is he, tell us something about him before please (!).Same thing goes for the rest. Seriously, a movie with 99% effects and 1% emotions is NOT a good balance.AND WHY ARE ALL CHARACTERS 100% STEREOTYPE??PS. They killed off the one character who did a good job acting:ANDY SERKIS, we all love you bro! Hope that you somehow come back in the next Marvel shajt-movie.
bad Overall very exciting with good acting, light and background music.The plot however is horrible. That is why I was very captivated during the first half and nearly bored at the second half. The whole story line is based on the same type of jump-scares, always danger jumping out of the dark, and after a time it became way too predictable and ridiculous.In conclusion I would say it's a movie for watching once when you are bored but certainly not a movie to watch a second time.
bad This is teenage garbage, plain and simple, and teenage in terms of the director/writer. Let's set aside that Tarantino's movies never have any substance and are exercises in retro, gory, fetishist camp. Let's ignore that the story arc is off and the film is way too long. Also, that there are massive issues regarding all kinds of credibility. Which leaves the two main problems with this adolescent mess. The first is: what would you say about any film centered on two races of people, in which one race is, with a single exception, shown to be nothing but a vast collection of savage, cruel, stupid buffoons? That's what QT happily does to the white race in this, his attack on racism. Then, there's the blatant theft of Mel Brooks's 'Blazing Saddles' in the many n-word remarks geared for laughs and the idiot pre- Klansmen. Never was a big Brooks fan, but at least he never had the gall to pretend he was making a statement.
bad "Vacation" is a movie that is a movie that is so bad, I cringe when I see the poster. I hate every moment, character and joke that's in this movie.I understand the original "Vacation" movies had gross-out humor, but it wasn't to THIS level and it wasn't THIS desperate. There is no build-up of these jokes, no technique! It's the equivalent of a 10 year old who just learned what sex is, and now makes painfully unfunny jokes. I'm not kidding, there are scenes in this movie where Ed Helms wipes off blood with a ball of 30 people's pubes. They spend a minute on Christina Applegate throwing up. Is it funny because she's throwing up? I don't get it. Swimming in Feces? Conservative Chris Hemsworth's fake penis? Cow guts? Pretty funny, huh? NO IT'S NOT, IT'S TERRIBLE!Now I know what your thinking. "South Park" has a lot of gross-out humor too. Why is something like "South Park" so funny, yet "Vacation" isn't? Because gross-out humor isn't the problem. "South Park" jokes, gross-out or not,come from satire and build-up. You would never see a joke on South Park where something is gross and disgusting just for the sake of being gross and disgusting. I guess I should talk about the story now, so here it is: Rusty Griswold tries to take his bland wife and annoying children to "Walley World" and shenanigans happen. The End. This is the worst comedy I've seen since "Grown Ups 2". It's not funny, It's not amusing, it's just terrible. 0.5/10
bad I went to see this movie with friends the first night it was out just by pure chance without too much prior research. Earlier I saw a trailer and figured it would be quite good. Well, there was a plot twist.The only thing that was good about this movie was the blank looks on people's faces when the movie ended and the lights were turned on. It was that moment that actually made me feel like we're all united and human in the end. THAT was a good moment, the rest of it was just painful.Leaving the theatre people were sharing their feelings about the movie. I don't think it's allowed to post that kind of language here. You get the idea though.It was one of those movies that make you want to ask for a refund because you feel like somebody ripped you off. It was one of the worst investments time and money wise I've made in the recent past.To explain my review title: why, just why did somebody decide it would be a good idea to make something this pointless and empty? Also, why did I fall for the trailer and thought it would be a good movie?
bad Take 1 part spy vs. spy , 1 part Disney , growing up and caring about the " important" stuff... well that is a great start. K.C. is up to the task. .. expertly done dialog and scene cutaway and after only 2 or 3 episodes the show caries itself like a seasoned veteran of an astonishing caliber . The story and plot and action moves brilliantly with funny funny side gags " like catch phrases" . The contrasts and differences between and among the players is great entertainment and feel good treasure packed ...like a giant mountain . ..or even two giant mountains. I found and am finding myself laughing and listening carefully to learn how the company or truer the player's character each think and react so then notice the chemistry & find the fun stuff, the good guy bad guy and deep people and beautiful people the sunshine and the astronomy buffs and all STARS.
bad This is a Daphne Du Maurier's story (from a best-seller novel) concerning a prominent widower (Laurence Olivier) called Maxim De Winter who finds a gorgeous and timid young girl (Joan Fontaine) who is serving to an old Mistress (Florence Bates) . They are married and head to Manderley , the familiar mansion (in the exterior actually is a scale model). But Maxim is haunted by the ghost first wife , an enigmatic Rebecca , who died in mysterious circumstances . There works as a servant the creepy and obsessive housekeeper , Mrs Danvers (Judith Anderson,a famous stage actress in her most important role) and sh meets a cynic gentleman (George Sanders).This film has suspense , romance , unlimited tension , full of lingering images and with the typical touches Hitchcock . Besides , a literately and thoughtful dialog signed by Joan Harrison (Hitchcock's usual screenwriter) though lacking humor . After ¨39 steps¨and ¨Jamaica Inn¨ , Hitch was encouraged to go to America and promptly shot his first work in Hollywood hired by the great producer David O'Selznick . Fine performance by Laurence Olivier , he married Vivien Leigh and he wished to her as protagonist but Hitch hired Joan Fontaine who took seven rehearsal sessions until the engaging . Joan Fontaine as a shy bride young is superb and enjoyable . Judith Anderson as a spooky and cold house keeper is top-notch, her role as obsessed person by the glamorous Rebecca is unforgotten and immortal . Atmospheric and perceptible music by Franz Waxman and sensational visual style by the cameraman George Barnes . The picture won Academy Awards for Best film and cinematography . The movie was brilliantly directed by the Master of Suspense . It's remade in inferior versions for Television, the 1980 adaptation with Jeremy Brett as Maxim and 1996 rendition with Charles Dance and Emilie Fox . The motion picture is indispensable watching for Hithcock lovers achieving the maximum impact on his audience.
bad This is the first time I sat in a theatre to watch a Twilight movie. I think the theatre experience maybe helped me enjoy the film more than I should have. Nevertheless, Breaking Dawn Part II is not only the best entry in the franchise, it's also the worst. How can that be? For a good 20 minutes, the film tries to be daring and does something different. Yet it is all undone by playing it safe and ruining what came before it. I have to stress that yes, this film did NOT have to be broken up into two. The first film was an hour and a half of filler, followed by 20 minutes of awesomeness. This entry is an hour and a half of build-up, followed by 20 minutes of awesomeness X10, followed by the worst decision the series has ever made to date.I have seen every Twilight movie, I'm not a fan, nor am I a hater. I'm always objective when it comes to these movies. The highest rating I've given one of them is a 5, that went to Eclipse. Breaking Dawn Part II could have easily gotten a 7 from me, had they had the balls to go through with what we were witnessing. A twist so inane, that it actually made me boo at the screen. I don't think I've ever booed at any movie in the theatre before, so congratulations Breaking Dawn Part II, you achieved something. Now, that awesomeness that I was speaking of, it is indeed awesome. I was cheering, I was laughing, I was having a blast. The people around me, I'm assuming fans, were gasping at the carnage they were witnessing. I had a giant smile on my face. Did the creators finally take the series in a bold direction? Did they finally have the balls to do something different? Yes, they did, but then they ruin it. I can't stress how awful that made me feel.K-Stew, finally has something to do other than swoon over Edward, resist the urges from Jacob and act like a whiny teenager. She is a vampire, so she has to learn to be one, although it seems she has no problem with the thirst and heightened senses. There is no struggle for her, which makes this whole aspect a bit shallow. Jacob, unfortunately has nothing to do in this entry other than glare at everyone who comes near Renesmee. So the character shifts his focus from one girl to the next, nothing more for him to do, yawn. Speaking of Renesmee (stupid name), we have what is probably one of the creepiest babies to ever grace the silver screen. Why they chose to use CGI for the face of the baby, other than using a normal one is beyond me. It looks unnatural and comical. The movement doesn't flow and for some reason they decide to keep this CGI face with the kid as she grows older until they finally have the older actress in the role.As with every Twilight film, there are moments of unintentional laughter, bad acting, dialogue and CGI. Michael Sheen seems to be having fun acting like a complete weirdo and the others seem to be happy they are finished with this series. Now, to be completely honest, this entire saga could have been told in three movies. Twilight for the set up, Eclipse for conflict, Breaking Dawn for the closure. Eliminate the pointless New Moon and condense these two movies into one. Twilight is finally over. No more sparkling vampires, no more team Edwards or team Jacobs and no more shirtless scenes of young men. Good bye Twilight, I do not look forward to the inevitable remakes.
bad So you think you have seen it all???? Think again, i reckon i have just witnessed the most disturbing extreme movie ever, and you know what, for the first time i have no idea whether to give this film a good review or a bad review, its not a film that you can enjoy, although it was very well made and preformed by the actors, so in a visual and technical term it was impressive.. The premise for this little shocker is simple, a semi-retired porn star is lured back to his profession to do this once in a lifetime shoot so he can make lots of money and secure his family, but he has no idea what the shoot will contain, so we the viewer have a birds eye view in the dark and very murky journey he goes through, as the porn shoot becomes more extreme he begins to realise what he's got himself into and the director has a shocking surprise for his lead actor in what he wants him to do, not to spoil anything (its a taboo busting subject) but lets just say that if you put Cannibal holocaust, Irreversible, Emanuel In America, and Martyrs in a blender, throw a baby in the mix and you have an idea what your letting yourself in for.....I know some people will be very upset watching this film and some people will demand that this film be banned, there are some scenes of extreme sexual violence that will anger some of the mainstream crowd, i just hope that the censors will leave this film the way the director intended.. Be cautious when you see this movie, if it gets a proper release this film will get mixed reviews, it will be sure to divide people apart and thats the beauty of this controversial film, love it or hate it, you will never forget it. I must admit i was relieved that the police never came barging in and arrested me and everyone at the preview...
